I dream of winning. I need to break this cycle of living paycheck-to-paycheck.  \ You and me both.
My kids started school last Tuesday and no school supply lists were put out online or in stores. I didn't get a list until 4 days before school started. I had to send them to school with no supplies until I could afford to buy them some on Friday.  \ Oh no that sounds terrible. I would hate to have such a financial burden suddenly sprang on me.
Yeah it was awful. Really made me feel crappy. I am just happy that they at least had new clothes and shoes. \ I'm sure you're not the only one. 
My ex and I broke up because he decided that he would no longer be willing to leave his job from overwork, like 70 plus hours a week. \ I am sorry. Breakups are the worst. Did he just not want to give up overtime or he worked 70hours always?
He claims that he kept getting raises and felt obligated to work even harder. So he just kept working more and more and I rarely got to spend time with him and he was always tired. \ That's rough but you deserve someone who is willing or wants to make the time for you. Never settle for less than what you are willing to settle for.
So I was cleaning up some old papers and I found something I wasn't expecting to see. \ Oh, what did you find? hopefully not something ebarassing?
No, not at all. I was really happy to find it. \ Oh that is awesome, what did you find?
I am very excited today!  \ That's good to hear! Why?
My friend is having a birthday party today and I haven't seen her in over a year!  \ Wow, you definitely should be excited and looking forward to it!
Hey, I am feeling so proud of my dog today.  \ that sounds great, what did your dog do?
He learned a new trick today, it took me days of training him before he caught on \ it's satisfying when your pet does a trick, it feels like you and your pet accomplished something meaningful
ugh, I have a cavity and I do not want to go to the dentist \ Oh no, is it painful and disrupting you in anyway? 
its painful but the thought of it being pulled kind of freaks me out plus the cost of it. \ Yeah, I know what you mean it does sound very scary, but they do numb your face and usually they do not pull it out, they fill in the cavity! 
Guess what, I was really surprised today. \ Oh? What surprised you about today?
My friends threw my a birthday party! :) \ That sounds wonderful! I'm sure that felt great.
Recently I've been driving my friend's mom to and from the hospital for her chemo treatments. My friend is in the military and she can't drive so it's about the only way for her to get there. \ Aww, that is very sweet, kind and thoughtful of you! Has it been troubling for you because I am sure you also have a busy schedule
A little troubling sometimes but It hasn't been too terribly hard to fit in most of the time \ That is good, but if it ever becomes too stressful for you I hope that you are able to talk to your friend about it because there are plenty of alternative ways to get her mother to the hospital.
my mom gave me some earrings when i got married, they have been in our family for a long time. i was surprised that she trusted me with them.  \ That's a nice gesture of her. It's nice that she trusts you like that.
i know, i couldn't believe it myself. i thought she would've given them to my sister.  \ Well obviously you're the more deserving one.
Recently I was sitting outside relaxing with a drink in my backyard and just felt quite at peace with things and enjoyed the nice weather. \ i love peaceful moments while relaxing. i bet that moment was much needed . i really like nature too
Yes I love nature as well. It's always nice to relax outside! \ i like to garden so i know what you mean 
School is going to start in a few weeks. Not looking forward to it. \ I'm excited personally, I guess you have to like your school and what you're studying.
Yeah, I do like it. It will be nice in some ways. But I'm not looking forward to having to write papers. \ I hate writing papers too. That's why I am an engineering major. Lol its still pretty hard though.
I hate taking the but, today I was late to my stop and got there just as it drove away.... \ Oh, the bus? Yeah I bet that was a little embarrassing. Sorry to hear that. I take my car for granted. Maybe you will get one someday.
I drove my parents' old car for a little, and i definitely took that for granted until it broke down lol. I'm trying to save up, I hope I get one too. \ Well, keep working at it. It's a process. 
You will never guess what just happened!  \ Oh, I can't wait to hear!
I lent a stranger my phone and he dashed off with it!! I am so angry!  \ Wow, you trusted he would give it back and then he didn't. I can understand how angry you'd be!
We have a new member of our family! \ Are we? 
Huh? Anyway, the new member is a bunny! My daughter rescued it from an animal shelter. \ Oh haha sorry I misread that! And that is great I am so excited to meet the bunny!! Do we have a name for it yet? 
once I was in a drive-by shooting \ Oh dang that sounds really scary. I'm assuming that since you're still here that you are okay?
yeah I'm good. I was just in the wrong place. My trunk had a bullet hole in it \ You should probably stay out of that neighborhood in the future. Glad you're okay. Stay safe out there.
My ex recently said that he was wanting to get back together. I'm not sure how to feel about it, we've been getting along great since we broke up. \ Why did yall break up?
The straw that broke the camels back is that he broke a promise that he would leave his job if they were over working him too much. He decided he didn't want to leave after all and wants to keep working 70+ hour weeks every week. \ That doesnt leave much time for yalls relationship
I came home today and the food I had put in the crock pot was ruined. The outlet must have died and the food sat in there all day not cooking. \ Oh darn I hate when that happens! I've experienced the same thing in the past once.
Yeah it was pretty terrible. I had to throw out a TON of food, and to add insult to injure I had to go eat out tonight. \ Yep not always a terrible time to eat out at least.
Recently my dog got out of the yard and ran to the neighbors and ran all around their house upsetting their dogs! It was quite annoying but eventually he came to me after I called to him for a bit. \ Oh man, I hate it when my dog starts barking at the neighbor dogs too. I'd be so mad at him for getting out though.
Yes it was quite distressing as I live next to a major street! Luckily he didn't cross it and simply went next door but still! \ Oh man, that sounds super scary. I'm so glad your dog is okay I would be lost if amything happened to mine.
I let my friend babysit my kid last week.  \ How did they do?
Awesome. I usually have a hard time letting anyone watch my child but he had a great time with her. \ How old's your child?
5 \ Just barely older than my son. I can definitely understand that.
We didn't really have anything planned this last weekend, so were thinking we'd be productive. \ What did you do?
Well, plans got changed.  It rained like crazy, so we couldn't work outside. \ It has been raining a lot here too. Definitely ruins a weekend planned outside of the house.
It was okay, though. We got to spend some time hanging out and had a low-key weekend. \ That's good, sometimes it's good to just be lazy inside the house.
Have you ever had a dog that got sick and vomited in the house? \ Omg my current dog does that sometimes. She pukes up bile if she doesn't eat, so I always have to make sure she is eating her food.
well when mine did last week when I went to clean it up it stuck so bad it almost made vomit too. \ Oh gross that is disgusting. I hope your little buddy is okay though. I don't envy you at all.
I was out walking by the lake over the weekend and there shore was just covered in dead rotting fish. \ what happened why were their so many dead fish?
I don't know, that's what I would like to know! The best I can imagine is that the water quality dropped, and they died. I imagine it was pollution.  \ I hope they are not using the lake for drinking water .
I still haven't been able to finish my dad's Father's Day gift. \ so are you making him a gift?
Yeah, we're rebuilding a porch swing for him.  But I've had to hunt down some tooling. \ don't worry about it you will get it done and he will be proud of it
i have to fly out of town next week. I do not know if I can, I have cold sweats thinking about it \ Do you have a general fear of flying, or is there something about this trip?
it s the fear of flying, just the thought of it frightens me \ Have you always had a fear of flying?  I haven't ever really feared it, but I don't like it.
I recently went on vacation. \ Oh Fun! where did you go?
The beach. I just sat and listened to the waves while reading a novel. \ Did you have to go far?
Just a couple hours drive. It made me relaxed yet happy. \ Im jealous :P I need a vacation. The beach is so relaxing too 
Im Not the best looking guy ok. At a party I went up to the hottest girl in the room and started chatting with her \ That must have taken a lot of courage. What happened next?
she was nice but totally uninterested. I was proud I was able to do it though.  \ That's great that you could do it. Maybe next time will go better.
Man, I really thought today could be a crazy day. \ Was it another boring day today? 
Well, it sort of turned out that way.  There was a big event at work today, and I wasn't sure how it would go. \ Ohh okay I see, yeah I always get excited when new things happen at work too. 
I feel so ashamed today! :(  \ Oh no!  What happened?
 walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting \ Oh, man.  That's a terrible feeling. What did you do?
over the weekend i  fell off my diet by eating a big bag of peanut M&Ms \ I know the feeling. Hang in there! tomorrow is always a new day 
you know the worst part of it, is that i hid it from my partner who is proud of me dieting, i feel bad for it \ Did you hide the wrappers?
On my way to work I say a guy doing a trick on his bicycle. It was pretty rad \ that must be cool to see, something to break up the monotony of the day
for sure. He had dreads and was rididing like an 8 year olds bike \ that must have been a sight to see
I always buy the same brand of yogurt and don't even bother trying other kinds. It's just so delicious and such a good price that I'm a loyal customer for life \ There's very few brands I feel that strongly about. What kind of yogurt is it, I might want to try it?
Astro balkan plain! It's not as pastey as greek yogurt, or runny like other kinds \ I don't think I have ever seen that kind in the store, I'll have to look for it next time I go. I don't care much for the runny yogurt, but I like greek yogurt so long as it's whole fat and sweet.
I have a really big game coming up this weekend. I haven't played soccer since I was a kid and have been really nervous about joining an adult league.  \ Good luck! I'm sure it will be fine.
I just don't want to embarrass myself or my team. I'm so scared i'm going to make a fool of myself.  \ You're too hard on yourself. Everyone messes up sometimes, even the greats.
I get to visit my long distance girlfriend in less than a week! \ I bet you are excited for that
Yeah, no kidding. I love traveling, and obviously love seeing her. Gonna suck that it only lasts a couple weeks though. \ Yeah, it's always hard to leave in those situations. Are you flying to see her?
I went to the beach a few weeks ago, and it was great. The beach is so beautiful and serene  \ I live near the beach, too! It really is great. Although I've been out of town for a while, so I haven't been to it yet this summer. I'm glad you got to go there.
Lucky you to be so close! Yeah, I had so much fun, especially since I could spend a lot of time with my partner and a lot of time swimming!  \ Only thing I'm not wild about is dealing with cleaning up afterwards.
You will never guess what I found today in the attic!  \ what it is?
I found a photo of me and my husband when we were young and feel very nostalgic thinking about it \ I bit it is a good and funny memory.
It is embarrassing falling in the sewer because of texting while walking. \ Oh no, please tell me that did not happen to you today.
not today but last week. Its funny but embarrassing  \ Oh no, I hope you were alright! But yes that is a funny story to tell your friends :) 
Man... i just lost the championship game for my football team \ You must feel terrible. That sucks.
Yea it wasn't grea a lot of my friends will be sad for days. \ Eh next year they'll have forgotten it mostly
I lost my job because I got diagnosed with a chronic disease. It's a real double whammy - loss of income and an incurable disease. I'm still angry and upset, three months later. \ That is horrible. Americas government wont be of help....hopefully you have family?
No I'm all by myself \ No cat or dog?
Several years ago one of my neighbors dogs attacked me and I had to go to the hospital to get stitches.  \ Yikes that's no good. How many stitches did you have to get?
I had to get 2 stitches in one of the holes and 1 stitch and all the other holes. He was a big dog, a little over 50 pounds. \ What happened to the dog afterwards?
I just found a bat living in my sunroom! He seemed to be there for a few weeks now. \ Oh wow that is interesting. I assume he leaves at night to go eat, since he's still alive.
There must be a hole somewhere in the room. We've got way more bats than normal flying through the property this summer. \ Hmmm, I guess you could look for the hole during the day and try patching it when the bats fly out for the evening? Im not a bat expert lol.
I went to staff at a teen camp and I had to prepare mentally and physically. \ Oh, how was that? I've never been to camp. Was it fun at least?
Yes I think it was a very rewarding experience! It was exhausting at the same time though! They have lots of activities! \ That's great, I'm glad you had fun. What was your favorite activity?
Last year I made a bet with my friend and he lost, so he had to buy me a Nintendo Switch. I was so great. \ That's quite the win! What was the bet?
I made a bet that he would not lose 20 pounds in 3.5 months. I was hoping that he would win the bet, but on the bright side I got a switch :) Win-win for me. \ Oh! Gotcha! I've never played the switch but I heard it's an exciting console!
Have you ever been to Six flags? \ I have been to Six Flags as a matter of fact.  I cant say that I enjoyed it much, as I hate to ride rides.  WHat about you?
I went las summer and got on a Roller Coaster for the first time and it Scared me to death i'll never do it again. \ I can so relate to your experience!  WHen I was a child my parents would try to coax me to ride and I hated it. I rode the ferris wheel once and started crying!
Have you ever had a strong attachment and love for an animal?   I have had several. \ Yes I love animals and have 3 dogs right now.
Well then you will understand the love I had for my pitbull named Lily.   We had a special bond and when she died it broke my heart.  Never leave a candle burning and leave the house.   OUr house burned and she died of smoke inhalation.  I will never forget her! \ I'm sorry that happened to you and I will take your advice.
I am visiting my friend this week. \ Oh cool, where does your friend live? Is it an exciting location?
Yes, I mean I promised her I would  and some things came up but I know I gotta stick to my word and make this happen. \ Oh man, don't bail on your trip. Try and get those thing that came taken care of this week. You don't want to disappoint her.
One time when I was little and playing hide and go seek, my cousin talked me into remaining hidden even when our parents came looking for us. After a while I realized that we were going to be in trouble, and then we saw a police car pull into the drive way. \ Oh no, I bet your parents were freaking out.
Yeah I guess they were, they made sure to spank me and ground me for 2 weeks. I was also told that I was a terrible influence on my 9 year old cousin, even though I was 7 and it was his idea.  \ Oh that sucks getting blamed for it when it was their fault.
I had a job interview a while back, and on the bus ride over, I sat on some gum. \ Omg, that had to be embarrassing and a mess to get up.
Those slacks were ruined.  I didn't even know I had sat in until the interview was over and the guy pointed it out. \ Oh no, even worse. Hope you got the job :)
So we are moving and I'm having trouble letting go of a sewing machine my grandma gave me. Thinking I should keep it. \ Do you get much use out of it, or is it just collection dust?
Kind of just dust. It meant a lot to her that I have it so I just don't think I can let it go. \ I guess you can hang on to it, or maybe there's someone else you both know who can show it some proper lovin'.
One of my friends managed to pay off their first house at the age of 25. \ well dang! that is very impressive! 
Yeah I know, I'm really amazed and proud of him. To be honest as proud as I am I can't help but to be a little jealous too lol. \ Understandable, i bet the had good budgeting skills and a nice job.
a few years back i was addicted to drugs and alcohol... i could not take care of my responsibilities... \ I'm glad you're feeling better. I'm sorry you went through that, I hear that addition is tough and often starts after having a major surgical operation.
it started when i was 14 i was hanging out with the wrong people and i got really bad before i realized i needed help. i went to rehab and changed my life around, i stay healthy these days i'm about a year sober \ I'm glad you got the help you needed and ended up in an actually helpful rehab. It's always good when you have control of the things in your life. Just remember to stay strong when things get tough again and to lean on your support structure. 
I have been feeling a little sad lately \ Aww, why?
My friend has been diagnosed with cancer recently but I have been helping her out by paying her visits everyday \ I'm so sorry to hear that. She is lucky to have you checking on her, you sound like a good friend.
I stayed at a friends house for the weekend a while back, and when I got home my bedroom was destroyed \ Oh no!! That is terrible, do you know what happened? 
My younger brothers went in my room and messed with all my things. I am so angry about it \ Oh no, I am sure they meant no harm, they always say that they are more curious when they are young. 
I am so happy!!  \ I'm glad to hear it. What's got you so?
I have just won the lottery! Can you believe that!! I am the 1 in 1 million! :D \ Wow! That's unbelievable. Congratulations! How much did you win?
I read the driving permit booklet probably 10 times cover to cover, before I ended up taking the actual test. \ Wow! that is some real dedication you have! Did you manage to pass the test? 
I did! I did tremendously, got them all right. I think I went a little overkill, to be honest.. \ Wow that is great! I am so proud of you. And hey, it never hurts to study more. :) 
I can't wait until I see my golden retriever Blue this weekend! \ Where has he been?
I live away from my parents, he lives with them. \ Oh I bet you are excited then! He will be happy too!
I usually take my brother to lunch for his birthday, but not this year. His birthday was yesterday. \ Why weren't you able to do it?
I forgot about his birthday. I didn't even call him! \ Oh man that sucks, do you feel bad about it?
Yes. Horrible! \ I'm sure if you apologize he'll understand at least a little. Were you just really busy or something?
Today when I was home alone I was snuggling with a stuffed bunny my ex got me, because I missed him. I feel so pathetic. \ It will pass in time, even though it feels awful right now.
I hope so, I'm tired of feeling so miserable. I just wish I had someone here with me right now.  \ Aw I'm sorry. I remember feeling like that and it was horrible.
Once during a snowstorm I had to go to the airport. My taxi driver decided that driving on the highway in the middle of nowhere late at night was the perfect time to tell me all about how he would kill a man \ That sounds super scary, could he tell that your were scared or nervous? How did you escape that situation?
I shrank into myself and prayed for the car to go faster and not crash \ Oh wow, it's fortunate that you managed to get out of that situation alive. I'm glad you made it out of that awful situation. 
My husband and I celebrated 9 years Saturday. It was such a good day of quality family time. \ Oh that's great! 9 years together is a long time. You sound happy, I'm glad.
Yes I love a good day of relaxation and family time :) \ What did y'all do? Did you do anything special that evening? 
I went to the zoo last month, I haven't been since I was a kid. I went to a zoo that was supposed to be one of the top zoos, however I couldn't help but feel bad for the animals the whole time. \ Oh, I know exactly what you mean. It's not the same as going as a kid.
The enclosures all just seemed so tiny and it felt like none of the animals were able to have any privacy if they wanted it.  \ Yeah, it's no wonder these animals go crazy on humans sometimes.
One time there was a homeless guy running towards my car \ That sounds a little scary. Why was he running towards your car?
He wanted money! \ Did you give him any?
I won an essay contest and I get to go to Washington DC for free! \ Wow! what did you write about?
I wrote about social security reform. Kinda boring stuff lol but it'll be fun to visit all the sites in DC \ Nice, well I hope you have a nice trip!
I'm really stressed today so I bought a box of Pirate peanut butter cookies and ate an entire sleeve of them. I feel pretty bad because I wrecked my dieting for at least two days \ Aww, I am sorry, but I must say Pirate peanut butte cookies do sound good, did they help you feel any better?
In the short term, yes! They're oatmeal and peanut butter \ Ugh, that sounds wonderful, I would do the same if I were stressed I think
I totally made a fool of myself at Walmart the other day, I was wearing a white outfit and there was a very attractive man in front of me and I tripped and fell.  \ Haha! Poor you. Did you wreck your clothes?
Yep, I had a massive brown stain on my white shirt, and of course my coffee is hot so it is burning me slightly, I just got up and walked back to my car \ I hope you didn't get burned too badly! I fall a lot. It never stops being embarrassing.
We are moving. I'm so pumped for new adventures.  \ Congrats! That's exciting. Is the new place far from your current home?
Yes, a new state. I am just imagining all the fun things and new things we can do. \ Wow, thats really big! I hope you have a stress free move. I know it can be a little stressful, but you seem very excited!
I accidentally had expired milk today and it tasted gross. \ Oh I bet, probably made you feel sick to your stomach after.
I think so. I didn't have that much, thankfully, or else I would've probably spent the day vomiting.  \ That's good, easy to quickly notice that awful taste.
When I was in middle school there was this boy that sat in front of me in 8th, he was always trying to get me to kiss him before class started. \ Wow, really? Did you have any feelings for him? 
No, the whole thing was really weird and kind of embarrassing really. He sat in the desk in front and would turn around and basically ask me to kiss him in front of the whole class. I only knew him from that class. I usually would just smash my binder in his face instead. \ Hahaha, that is so cute, I am sure he loved that you teased him like that! I bet your classmates also had a good laugh! 
You will never guess what happened today! I am so embarrassed!! \ Oh no, what happened?
I tripped over a man's foot and landed right on top of a very grumpy man who shoved me into another guy!  \ Oh wow! Where did all of this take place? Sounds like a rough part of town?!
It was so weird watching As Told By Ginger and Hey Arnold and the Rugrats the other day, I had such a nostalgic feel \ I only used to watch Rugrats, and I still can't stand that show.  It was like the decline of the NIck lineup. 
Haha, I loved it, by I tried letting my kids watch it and the ywould not have it, they were like what is this weird stuff haha \ I don't blame them.  The characters were annoying, and the color palate was horrible.
My favorite day of the week has been Wednesdays for the last few years. \ Wednesdays, why is that? I used to love Wednesdays because we always got out of school an hour early
Wednesdays are new comic book day.  It's the only thing I have to look forward to lately. \ Oh my fiance loves comics, he buys and sells them. Why is that the only thing to look forward to?
One time I saw a person juggle chainsaws \ That's amazing. Were you impressed?
Yes, he did it perfectly and did not hurt himself \ That must take a lot of practice. I can't even juggle safe objects so I'd likely lose an arm if I tried to juggle chainsaws lol
I've been out of a job for a while but someone I know has offered me an opportunity to do some work in my field \ Wow! What field are you going to be working in?
Statistics. I am going to help a real estate company build models to predict house values \ Dang! I hope you make lots of money!
I have been feeling a little jealous lately :(  \ Aw, why is that? 
I am so jealous of my friend, Mary, she has finally got accepted into Medical school, but I am still waiting on my application to be approved.  \ Oh that's hard but I'm sure you will get yours too. It's hard being patient though when others get theirs before you.
So a friend and I entered a drawing at the mall and she won. I wish I could say it doesn't sting a bit that she won. \ Wow! Congrats to her, and I am sorry that you didn't get the prize. What did she win? 
A weekend trip to Gatlinburg. I would of loved that. \ Wow that is a great prize! Is she able to take anyone with her or is it just a ticket for one person? 
Have you ever stole candy from the store when you were a kid? \ Probably not, but I don't remember. I was always a scaredy cat as a baby. Have you?
yes once when I was seven when I whent to the pharmacy with my dad.And when he found out when we got back out to the car he made me go back into the store by myself and return it and tell the pharmacist what I had done! \ What a lovely memory! That's hilarious that your dad made you go back and return it! 
I had an interview for a hospital I want to volunteer at but I felt a little under-qualified  \ That is not good what happened?
 I haven't heard back from them yet! Hopefully they email me soon because I would love to volunteer at a hospital. \ Well I hope you here back from them and they will give good news.
I saw a colleague stealing money at work. I wonder if I did the right thing by not telling my boss. \ Is there a reason why you didn't tell your boss?
I just didn't want to be labeled as a snitch, but now I'm having second thoughts. \ Is there a way you could report it anonymously?
My mom said some pretty offensive things to me while my dad was in hospice. It's hard to forgive her for them. \ Sometimes people say things they don't mean when their angry. Maybe you should just let it go.
Her personality is pretty direct so I have gotten used to her being offensive. This time it was more personal so it's harder to let it go. \ Well, you both have the same blood, so I would advise just to let bygones be bygones.
I'm very ready for school to start! \ Me, too!  I work at the registration department at a college and we're very busy until school starts.
There's just something so nostalgic about going to school. Reminds me of my childhood. \ I think it's the feeling of the beginning of something new.
My old roommate got a boyfriend, and obviously, she started spending a lot more time with him than at our apartment.  \ That happened my freshman year with my best friend. It really sucks at first, but eventually you get used to it.
I eventually did, but I didn't realize how I really felt about her instead she was never around. \ I'm still friends with my old roommate, but I found other people to spend my time with.
One time my mom made me lunch when I was too busy working! \ Wow that is so sweet of her. She must really love you! 
I hope so! She always helps me and one day I will return the favor! \ Wow that is fantastic, she is so lucky to have you around because you are such a sweet and caring person. :) 
I am so ready for tomorrow night!  \ What is happening tomorrow night?
There is going to be a formal dance party! I have been practicing my dance moves all night and doing my make up!  \ Nice, I hope you have a great time at the party! Have some fun for the both of us!
When I was a kid, I went on a few trips to the Mountain for some snowboarding lessons, come Christmas time you bet I was just praying for a snowboard of my own \ Did you ever get your own snowboard ? It looks like so much fun ! I see people on tv, where they are flying off mountain sides !
I did! The anxiety and waiting paid off that Christmas morning. Reflecting back, the shape of the present should've gave away the gift, but I couldn't take any chances assuming. \ Thats wonderful. Oddly shaped Christmas presents usually make you want to open them EARLY just to get a peak :)
I'm SO afraid of my neighbors new pit bull ! Every morning our neighbor lets out the dog - he immediately heads towards MY driveway to get MY newspaper, runs off and tears it to shreds ! \ Oh wow, letting the dog roam free even when it's so new to the neighborhood? That seems like recipe for disaster. Your poor newspaper..
I'm so glad it was the newspaper and not ME ! I used to go for early morning walks. But not anymore. \ Maybe an airhorn or something would spook him off. Dogs tend not to like loud sounds, after all. 
I saw  man swallow a sword \ Wow, were you at a festival?
Yes I was. I thought it was pretty intense to watch \ I have seen that before. I have no idea how they can do that.
My friend got a new job and I wish I had it too. \ Good for you friend! I'm sure you'll find something soon. What field of work do you want to be in?
I work in video production. Super fun job, but I'm tired of the freelance life. \ That does sound like a really fun job. I also work freelance and would also like something more stable. 
I have been really hopeful about the future lately! :)  \ Nice! Have you been getting lucky recently?
Yes I am, I have almost finished up medical school. Once I a done, I want to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries \ Wow! You are already super successful! I hope you help them kids!
One time my family went out to vacation and I was home alone with no friends \ Oh no, they went on vacation without you?? 
Yes, I had to work and could not get time off! \ Oh no that sucks, I am sorry that you had to stay home alone. What did you do to entertain yourself? 
I have been feeling very angry lately! You will never guess what happened.  \ do tell,  what happened was it bad?
Oh yeah, It is definitely bad. I am furious, my step brother sold my laptop so that he could buy a new gaming station! \ that is bad . goodness the nerve of some people.
I had a bad experince when I was a kid when my dog ran away. \ Oh no, were you able to find your dog again? 
Yes when I came home the next day my mom had found him and boy was I happy. \ Aww, I am so glad that you were able to find him again! A dog truly is a man's best friend.
I've been packing, packing, packing and cleaning.  \ o That sounds exciting. Moving or spring cleaning?
Moving, not sure when yet but I like to be  ahead of the game. I hate being rushed. \ Ya last time I moved I was packing for about 6 months. It's smarter to do it a little at a time and get things purged and organized. 
So I cosigned on my boyfriend's apartment a few year's back to make up for his horrible credit. \ How did that work out?
Well, we live together now so it turned out to be a good gamble so far. \ Well that's good. I'm glad so far it has worked out :)
In the 8th grade, my friend and I sold the most chocolate bars in our entire school. Our prize ultimately ended up being a pair of New Balance shoes. $1150 in sales, for a pair of $25 kids shoes, each. \ I would not of been happy with that were you?
I was devastated. We thought we were going to get a TV, or a Playstation or something. Nope, just a pair of some old boring shoes that only 60 year old men wore. Livid. \ Ain't that a whopping , I would have comp;ained to somebody about it.
when you were  a child did you ever get seperated from you family while at a public outing? \ Not that I can remember. If I did it would not have been too severe. Have you?
I did when we went to the county fair and iwas crying and looking every where for my parents, It  was terrible. \ As I a child I imagine that would be incredibly scary. How did you find them again?>
Bleh, I just had the worst food ever.  \ What did you eat?
I was at cMdonalds and was given a rotten cheese burger. I almost puked after I ate it.  \ Oh gross, makes me never want McDonalds again.
Someone hit my car while I was shopping. I am so mad they didn't even leave a note. \ Oh no that is terrible, I can not believe that they would drive off without leaving any contact information! How bad was the accident? 
Huge dent, I can't believe someone could do that and drive off. \ Wow, that is terrible. I hope that you are able to catch them or find surveillance videos of who did it, because most malls do have cameras in the parking lots.
My pet cat died recently \ Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. How are you holding up? 
I am doing okay, my cat was old and is probably in a better place now :'( \ Yes, I am sure that your cat is in a better place. If you ever want to talk to someone about it I am always here to listen. :) 
I am so disappointed in myself!  \ Why! What happened?
I promised I would help my mom buy groceries on my way home from work because she has a had a really stressful day, but I completely forgot! \ Wow. I am disappointed in you too, you monster :(
Doing pretty good at work today. Feeling like things are going my way. \ thats awesome, love the positive vibes. good for you! 
Thanks. Yeah, just started the job a month ago. Finally starting to get the hang of it. I work in construction. \ good paying job and keeps you active! 
I am in a good mood today. I think I might have found someone special.  \ Whoa... that's awesome. I love hearing that. Can you tell me about them?
of course, shes super smart and beautiful - 2 killer combos.  \ Absolutely. I'm glad you're experiencing that. Me on the other hand, I'd be worried that I wasn't good enough for them. But I'm sure things will work out for you.
I remember back when I got to pick up my dog at the airport when she was a puppy. \ Aww were you excited when you picked her up?
Oh man, I sure was. And she was so excited to get out of that box. \ I bet! What kind of dog is she?
My brother isn't very good with money but i just lent him some \ Uh oh, be careful about that, you don't want him becoming dependent on you for handouts. 
Yeah I don't do that often, but i am certain he will be able to pay me back this time \ Well that's good. I hope it works out for both of you, maybe you could give him some budgeting tips. 
My brother took my favorite tanktop from me to play basketball when we were both teenagers. He ended up getting into a scuffle with someone at the courts, and the shirt got torn in two.. \ Oh no! Did he replace it?
Technically, yeah. He just bought one off the rack at Walmart. It was the same size, but I had history with the old one. Just not the same, you know? \ I get that. My sister broke my favorite coffee mug.
I am ready for my law exam \ The big one? The bar? That's a whole lot of schooling and effort culminating in to one test! I imagine you're very excited, but anxious too.
Luckily not the bar yet! Just the end of summer class. \ Ahh. Still, another stone set on the road to payoff. I wish you the best!
I knew I was ready for my college exam. \ You study hard?
I did. Failed my last so I knew I had to make it right. \ Oh no, I bet you aced this one then.
I just can't believe some people. I watched this woman throw her trash on a homeless man today. \ Oh my god, you should have reported her.
I definitely stepped in and made sure this man knew he didn't deserve that. Just makes me so mad to share a country with people like that. \ I am really appalled at people these days.
My brother keeps not washing the dishes! \ Oh no, have you talked to him about it? 
Yes! He is such a manchild! He does not care about cleanliness! \ Aww man, that sucks, I am guessing that you end up having to do all the dirty work because he has been slacking off. 
I feel so guilty... :(  \ Why? What happened?
I left my dog alone at home all day because I had to go support my friend at a charity event. It lasted a lot longer than I anticipated  \ Dang! Your dog must have been so excited to see you come back!
I was so mad when my dog got my dinner off the table. \ Oh I would be pissed. Hopefully you had more so you could fix another plate.
I did, but he knows better. \ Guessing he didn't get anymore food for dinner lol.
So we are waiting on some news to move. I feel like it will be this week that we find out. \ Where to?
Not sure yet, waiting to find all of that out. I hate waiting though. \ Me too. Well I hope it is to somewhere that you like.
I accidentally stepped on someone's toe at the grocery store and they really looked like they were in pain \ Oh no, did you ask if they were alright and apologize? 
Of course! I probably apologized 20 times. I felt so guilty. \ Oh no, how did he take it? 
Did you know that I am actually terrified of the ocean?  \ I am a little too. Why are you scared?
I hate sharks and not knowing what is down there in the deep blue sea. the thought of being stranded in the ocean terrifies me \ Yeah, I can relate to that. I hate feeling like I don't know what dangerous marine life could be around me.
I have been feeling very happy lately! :)  \ Awesome! Nothing like stringing together a long streak of feeling happy in the world. Anything in particular got you chipper?
Yes, my boyfriend and I have finally started to get serious in or relationship. We have even started talking about marriage and children! :)  \ Aww, that's tremendous. Those are big steps, but if ever there is a good-sign of a relationship, it's when those topics are approached happily. Congratulations!
First time I ever went to a traditional Japanese cook-house I couldn't believe to variety of food. Moreover, I couldn't believe the variety of food that was still moving... \ Yeah I know what you ean! I have been to one before too and it was awesome! 
All of the food tasted so good, but I couldn't get over how recently they killed the courses. Still-moving octopus? No thank you. \ haha, yeah I know what you ean, but at least you know it is fresh! 
I visited my college campus today and memories came flooding back. I miss it. \ I'd imagine so. What a great time of our lives college can be. The world just seems right, being surrounded by your peers, all sharing similar goals. 
It was so great. We all just wanted to learn. \ Mmhm. I wish I studied more, paid more attention, and joined more clubs. But I guess that's the thing, you're already as busy as it gets, and unfortunately you can't experience it all.
As a kid, me and my friends would often try to find haunted houses in the old part of town. Can't quite explain that one night where I swear I saw something moving around in one of them. It felt and looked so real \ I have had an experience like that. I do believe in ghosts.
I don't know what's more terrifying, whether it was a ghost or that there was someone still inside..  \ Could be either!
I think I will pass my college test tomorrow. \  That is great, confidence is always a key in success! I believe that you will pass as well! 
Thank you. I'm ready for it to be over with. \ Yeah I bet! You will do great, I have high hopes in you! :) 
You will never guess what I am afraid of \ Ghosts?
No, flying cockroaches! *shivers* Just thinking about them gives me chills up my spine. They are huge, nasty and never die no matter how many times you hit them \ Oh god, I hate bugs!
So I interviewed for my dream job last week and I didn't get it. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  Hopefully something similar comes along sooner than later.
I really hope so. I was really wanting that job. \ Just remember to keep your head up and don't give up!
During a drive from Seattle to Los Angeles in the winter, I got stuck in my car because they closed a pass because of heavy snow. \ Ugh that's no fun especially with it being so cold.
Yea, luckily I had extra blankets and some food in the car to hold me over. \ Well that's good. Hopefully didn't take long to open up roads.
My girlfriend and I are in a long distance relationship. It's rough sometimes not always having the person you love the most around \ Yes it is... when can you see her again? 
Not for four months, when she comes to visit for Thanksgiving. She isn't able to take a lot of time off of work. \ well i hope you two get to spend a lot of time together when she comes up 
I am trying to keep my cool but its pretty hard right now.  \ That sounds like trouble. What exactly is going on?
Oh it is.. I caught my child telling a lie to me.  \ Dang! I'm not a parent, but I have siblings who have done the same (and of course I've done it to my parents, too). Any idea what you're going to do?
My aunt that I had not seen in 10 years came to visit me last weekend  \ Wow. What for? Had you recently talked to her?
Yes. I hadn't seen her in so long because she lived in Cuba for all those years. She recently moved to Spain and wanted to visit my family and I.  \ I bet you guys had a lot of catching up to do!
I was a bit upset when my parents could not visit me this weekend. \ Aw, that stinks. Why couldn't they come?
My dad had to work last minute. I got everything ready for them. Oh well. \ That sounds really disappointing. Hopefully, you'll be able to see them soon! I'm sure they were excited too.
I am so proud of my puppy!  \ Aww! what for?
He learned two new tricks today. I was able to teach him to give me a highfive and roll over! he is the cutest pup! :)  \ My dog needs some good training!
I was grossed out when I saw someone vomiting at a bar. \ Oh man, I bet you did. I would have had a gag reflex if I saw some one puking at the bar. 
They couldn't even make it to the bathroom. Ugh. \ Wow they must have had 1 too many drinks if they could not even get to the bathroom. I am sorry you had to see such a disgusting sight 
I am so grateful that I have great friends :)  \ Friends really are the best part of life, I'd say. I can't imagine what I'd do without some of those folks in my life. 
Yes I totally agree, the other day when I was at the bar, my best friend was so kind to make sure I got home safe after I had a little too uch to drink :)  \ That's a good friends right there. Looking out for your best interests is a sign that they're truly a keeper.
A school friend of mine got detention for a week after he was caught with a note that had some swear words in it. I was the one that passed it to him..  \ Oh no, did he place the blame on you, or did he just accept it and take the blame for you? 
He was a courageous one, and took the fall himself. Which actually made me feel even worse, but it taught me a lesson about integrity and honor.   \ Aw, that just shows that he is a great friend. Maybe you can treat him to lunch for the rest of the week for taking the fall for you. I am sure he would really appreciate that :) 
So I was driving to work yesterday and the driver next to me opened their door and threw up everywhere. \ I do hope they stopped the car at least ! That sounds disgusting, but its better than throwing up in the car right ?
Yes they were at a stop light but I was so grossed out after seeing that. \ I can imagine when something unexpected like that happens. I do hope they are ok now :) Sorry you had to witness that !
My son recently got married, and I gained a new daughter in law. The wedding was beautiful, everyone had a great time ! \ Oh that's awesome. Do you like her?
She's quite the gal. Treats my son with the utmost respect. \ That's great, nothing better :)
I'm very scared of the afterlife \ Me too, it's so hard not knowing what to expect.
And we do not even know if we have an afterlife. \ Right, no one truly knows until they get there, so scary.
I am so ready to find out where we are moving to. \ New adventures! I want to go west.
I don't know where I want to go, just want to know where they are sending us :) \ I bet you are nervous.
i didn't cheat on my partner. \ That's good! Cheating is not good for a relationship.
Yes, for a relationship to last. \ For sure. I luckily have not had anyone cheat on me.
I was very happy just reading a book by the pool today \ What was the book about?
It was about the golden state killer. Very errie. \ I'm glad you were happy reading the book.
I was very nervous for my first day of freshman year in college. \ Oh, I understand. I also remember mine. Do you remember something else about that day?
I could not find my classes. It was almost comical. \ I imagine it was a big college. what did happen at the end?
You know it is hard to be an immigrant and be alone and far from your family  \ I cannot imagine. Where from?
I am originally from Chile, but I live in Canada. It is sad to be alone for Christmas, new year or my birthday.  \ Can you facetime them?
One time I won a stuffed animal from the claw machine! \ Me too! I love that game!
Yup, I did it in my first try too! \ I saw a machine one time that you could win live lobsters. They would cook it for you if you won.
I was so happy when my mom came to visit me \ Nice! How long has it been since you last saw her?
6 months. Way too long! \ Man, I hope you two do something fun!
I am scared of spiders! \ All spiders or just the poisonous ones?
Any of them. I hate all their creepy legs. \ Thats fair I guess, weird fish freak me out more then spiders through
I had to borrow money from family, I hate having to rely on them but debt was just piling up \ I understand. I have had to do that before. My family was very giving.
As was mine, but I just felt like at this point I would be able to do it myself \ I had to borrow money to get a second degree. Hurt my pride, but it's okay.
I have an irrational fear of flying which I faced when I traveled 8 hours on a plane by myself  \ Good for you! I'm glad you were able to face it by yourself. Where were you flying?
I was flying from Florida to Italy. I was terrified on the flight, but the destination was worth it. \ Cool! Was that your first time flying by yourself?
Yeah, it was. It was also my second time flying in general! \ Wow, that's amazing! Did you enjoy the flight back or were you still scared?
I was still a little scared, but after take off, I loosened up a little. I watched my favorite series downloaded on my phone and that seemed to distract me well. \ Nice what show?
Have you ever watched the Bachelor? \ No, I haven't. I've heard of it, though. What is it about?
It's a dating reality TV show on ABC. Anyways, I was watching a couple of weeks ago and managed to eat an entire box of cookies! \ Oh my goodness! That happens to me often. I just get distracted with whatever is playing in front of me and eat everything in my hands!
I am so annoyed with my brother...ugh sometimes I wish I was an only child. \ I would think that being an only child would be somewhat boring and lonely.   HOw bad can it be with your brother?
He borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew I had an important test today. And he knows I can't function without my lucky pencil during a test! :(  \ That's not cool!  I hope you did well in spite of not having your lucky pencil.  Siblings can be quite pesky at times!
My sister came over to my house the other day.  SHe was quick to show off her new iphone 8. \ Wow, is she an older or younger sibling? 
She is 10 years younger than I am, and quite spoiled.  She always has the  nicest things. \ Aww man that sucks, One day your hard work will pay off, so don't let it get to you too much. I am sure she is not intentially doing that
One time I saw a giant cockroach under my desk! \ omg! I hate cockroaches, they are ugly insects 
Yes! they are so creepy with how fast and nasty they are1 \ were you able to kill it? what did you do?
I sprayed it with Raid \ Well done. I hope you dont find anymore, they are scary. 
One time I went to downtown with an old pant and when I was in the street the pant ripped \ Wow, did anyone see?
I think so, bot nobody said nothing. I tried to cover myself with a purse \ Well, I hope it does not happen again!
I thought it was so cool that my friend did a backflip. \ Wow! that is really cool. Did he land the back flip?
He did! I didn't know he could do that. \ What prompted his back flip?
I attended a bachelor party this summer. Things got a little out of hand. \ Oh no! How so?
One of my friends hired some entertainment that my girlfriend would not approve of. \ A stripper, I see. Well what she does not know will not hurt her.
I forgot to invite my friend to dinner with our other friends. \ It happens sometimes.  It only becomes a problem if you forget often.
Luckily I have not done it too many times. \ I hope they were pretty understanding.
A while back, someone who was a good friend accused me of a crime that I didn't commit. \ Why would they do that?
It comes out that she had a multiple personality disorder, and sometimes that makes her believe things that didn't happen did. \ I know someone with that. She might need some medication.
One time I wanted to eat at Burger King, but then I remembered that I was loyal to Mcdonalds \ I hate burger king! McD's all the way
Your dam right! Even if the food is small, it tastes so good! \ Adding mac sauce to a cheeseburger is a game changer
I was upset when I did not do well on a test. \ That is unfortunate, did you fail the test?
Not exactly, but close enough. I will study better next time. \ You got this! I believe in you!
I was so mad when my friend forgot my birthday \ Wow! Did you tell them anything?
I did a few days later. They seemed sorry. \ You should stop being their friend!
One time my friend said that I could tell him anything and she would snitch \ Oh, snitches are no fun.
Yes, snitches get stiches \ I would just keep to myself.
I got called into the bosses office last week. \ Wow, hope it wasn't serious.
That is just it it was. They found out I did not preform as well as first expected on some projects. \ Why didn't you perform well?
I just had my first child a few weeks ago. I guess the distraction got to me and effected my performance. \ Oh, Congrats on your newborn.
i believed a friend who was always telling me lies \ That must have really hurt. When did you realize he was always lying to you?
I caught him in a lie. \ What was the lie?
He told people i was mean to him. \ Are you still friends?
I remember years ago when I was a teenager.  I didnt treat her as well as I should have. \ Who?
Oh so sorry, I meant to say I didnt treat my mother as well as I should have.  I often treated her with disrespect and disobedience. \ Well I think as long as you say sorry, she can forgive.
My dog kept barking and waking me up \ I know how annoying that can be.  I love dogs but they certainly get do annoying things at times.
I still do not know why he was barking. \ Maybe there was something outside or maybe he just wanted attention.   Dogs behavior can be hard to figure out sometimes.   Good Luck!
One time I pooped my pants when I was trying to fart \ I have done that before. It is not fun.
Yup! I had to walk home in shame! \ I hope you threw out those pants.
My dog learned a new trick today! \ Ooh, what kind of trick did she learn?
shaking hands! so cute \ Aww! I wish I had a dog now!
I'm so ready for football season \ American football or soccer?
american football! \ Okay. I'm not really a fan of it.
I had a car accident. I cant walk anymore. \ I'm so sorry. That is horrific.
Yes. I miss my legs and freedom. \ I hope you are in some therapy. That can take a toll on the average person.
So I went to pick up Lucy last night for our date. I was very polite and nice. \ Where did you meet her?
We meet online on a dating site. I was nervous but I did not let it show and took charge. \ Thats cool. Will you see her again?
I am so happy I graduated college. \ I bet! It has to feel like a huge accomplishment.
Yes and I had a 4.0 \ I did not know you had a 4.0! How do your parents feel about that.
I visited to Greece and was amazed by all the beautiful landscape I saw! \ I had never visited there. But it reminds me of Athenas and that old cities
Yes, Athens is one of the oldest cities in the world! I went to an island though. I was amazed by all the rocky hills and clear waters. \ Do u remember the name of that Island? 
Yes, it is called Mykonos. It's a very touristic location. \ I would like to visit it one day too
You should definitely if you like the beach! It has one of the most beautiful beach landscapes I have ever seen. \ I agree. I am watching pictures of it right now
My boyfriend is adorable. He gave me a gift and wrote a romantic note with it. \ Aw, that is really sweet of him. What did the note say?
it says he feels his heart doesnt belong to him anymore, but belongs to me and that time and space will not change the way he feels for me \ Wow. That is incredibly romantic. You're a lucky girl! 
I could not believe that Donald Trump won the election. \ Yeah, that was a surprising result.
I still do not know what to make of it \ Does it make you feel like you're living in an alternate reality?
A book I borrowed from the library got rained on and now it's destroyed \ Oh no. I bet they are going to charge you for a new one.
Yeah. I feel pretty bad about it.  \ Maybe they will understand.
My grandmother recently passed away. She had more flowers and grieving cards that we could have hoped for. \ I
Thank you \ Mine passed away too. She was a great woman.
I did not like being alone at home at night. \ it can be scary at times. How do you deal with it?
I try to go to bed earlier. \ That is a good way. I have a dog that makes me feel safe. Do you have anything like that?
My family left for the weekend and I'm so bored. \ You can watch some movies
What should I watch? \ It depends on your preference. I watch korean dramas.
I volunteered to babysit my neighbor's children. \ How did it go?
The children are so sweet. \ I bet they love games.
I have realized that I have it good in life \ Life is always a lot better when the sun is shining.
Yes, I appreciate everything, even the sun  \ When the sun is shining walking and seeing the beautiful sights makes me smile.
I love to go for nice long walks in the park with my dog. \ Nice, how long do you usually take your dog for a walk?
When we are walking we sometimes go for about an hour. \ Your dog must be very healthy !
I can definiely count on my best friend for anything \ That is good you have someone to share your happiness and problems with
It is. Do you? \ my best friend is my boyfriend. So I share everything with him
I was beaten by my ex, when I was pregnant of his child.  \ I'm so sorry! Report him!
yes I did report him, he went to jail and we broke up \ You are much better off
I love volunteering. \ Same here! where do you volunteer at?
The humane society. I just love animals. \ That is so generous of you! have you ever thought of joining a volunteer organization?
We made the most amazing meal tonight \ What did you make?
Corn on the cob, steaks, homemade mashed potatoes, and cheesy brocolli \ I would love some of that right now.
oh man I can't wait for next week! \ Why!? What happens next week?
I'm giving birth! to a computer! my parts start coming in next week! \ Dang! I hope you got them big discounts before you ordered them!
Something terrible happened. I discovered I have cankles \ what are those
It is a terrible disease where your ankles and calves are fused together \ ??? is it a cancer of some sort??
I love to volunteer for others \ That is excellent! I wish I had the courage to do so, too. 
You should try! It is fun! \ I think it would be fun to help someone build a house.
Stuffed animals are always an endearing thing to hang on to. \ They are. I have several.
Really? Which animals do you have? \ I have a few bears.
I was nervous for my first day of college. \ oh yeah? was it because you didn't know if you could do the work, or because of all the hot college girls
Just nervous for new beginnings. \ well how did it go? did you do well?
god, im at the lowest point i've ever been in my life \ I'm so sorry. You should talk to a therapist.
yeah, im going to need to. my girlfriend said no when i asked her to marry me \ I'm sorry. Maybe she just needs time to process things.
I hate when it rains, especially for several days at a time. \ Oh I do too! I like a nice sunny day.
How has the weather been where you are. \ It's been really rainy. My power just went out awhile ago.
Oh no, does that happen a lot when it rains near you? \ Yes it makes me pretty upset to be honest.
My dress ripped in public. \ What!? Did anyone see?
Yes, a lot of people saw. \ Dang, it must have been embarassing
I played with and hugged my dog all day today! \ That must be nice. I wish i had one.
You should! They need a lot of attention though! \ Yes, they do. And lots of care.
I found my dog's old toy. It brought back memories of when I first got her \ Aww. I had to put mine down last month. I miss her.
I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of dog was she? \ Border collie. She was great!
I was nervous for my first day of college \ What about it made you feel nervous?
just nervous for a new start in life \ Yeah I understand. Big life changes make me feel uneasy sometimes too.
He was looking very sharpy, so unkept and I wonder if he was my friend \ Who are you referring to?
My best. I never new he was having a serious issue with his wife and he got himself drug that I was very disappointed \ Oh no. That sounds awful. I'm sorry to hear abut your friend. Is he better now?
I'm really happy that I'm able to attend a university and get an education on something I'm passionate about \ Congregation but what are you passionate about?
I'm passionate about becoming a nurse. I'm studying to get my degree so I can work in a hospital! \ That is good
I traveled out of the country for the first time last year. \ where to?
Poland, it was where my father was born. \ how was the weather?
I  found some pictures of my dog I had to put down. I miss her \ I lost my dog last year, I miss her too. 
Dogs are too good to us \ I agree, they are the best. 
I realized I am happy with life \ That must feel good.
Yes, I am starting to appreciate lots of small things in life! \ Small things like what?
I was expecting a important mail. I had to wait for a month. \ Wow! Must have been really really important
It wasn't really really important. Maybe third-tier important. \ Oh, then its okay
When I stepped into the chicken coup, I was rushed by a bunch of hungry chickens! They apparently are fed someone comes in and opens a bucket. \ whoa that's nuts. how many did you have to kick to get out alive?
There were around 20 at the time. However, I soon learned that they didn't want to eat me. \ oh good. well what did they end up wanting?
The chicken feed, apparently. The neighbors usually feed them every morning, and they were waiting expectantly. \ well I hope you're ok now
I has cured my fear of chickens, actually! \ oh sweet, how many do you own now?
I had a really good night last night after a lot of stress \ It's always good to unwind after a tough day. How did you celebrate?
well my cat is really sick at the vet and the vet said he only has a week to live. but I had a dream that he would be ok, and now I believe it :) \ Erm. Well, I hope that comes true for you. Betting better can sometimes be more about believing it. Maybe your cat believe he is fine.
he is fine and will be fine, thank you. I trust my dreams \ Good.
how's your cat? \ My cat is doing good. : ) He's gained some weight, since I trimmed his fur. NO more hairballs.
oh god ugh, I am so revolted right now \ Oh shoot, why is that?
I go into the bathroom tonight and find my girlfriend plucking out her nose hairs into the sink \ That may be gross, but she is just putting effort into her appearnce.
I thought I saw my friend at the store but when I said hi, it turned out to be a stranger. I went red in the face. \ how'd they react?
They were very confused when they faced me. \ oh man that sounds embarrassing. I would've just run out of the store and country
I didnt want anyone to talk with my boyfriend. \ Oh no, what happened?
I dont like it when he talk with others especially girls. \ You should be able to trust that he won't do anything shady when he talks to other girls. If you can't trust him then that might mean you need to reevaluate your relationship with him. 
I just finished my final exams and have been constantly checking my phone to see if the marks have been uploaded. \ Oh, Do you think you did well?
I hope so, I am very eager to get my marks back. \ Wishing you all the best!!
My wife is truly been trustworthy, she never keep secret from me". \ Have you ever kept secrets from her?
We don't do secrets from each other \ It must be nice to be in trusting and safe relationship like that.
I have no intention of cheating on my partner and I hope they know this. \ Its good you made that decision
I just hope that they realise that. I would hate for them to ever feel unsure or insecure.  \ Who are they you are referring
A friend of mine recently had their car breakdown.  \ Dang! Did they get home safely?
Yeah, thankfully i was able to drop off my car to help them over the weekend \ I wish I had a cool friend like you!
One time my mom gave my brother a Happy Meal, and I got nothing! \ Wow thats completely unfair!
Yup, it scarred me for life. I have mental issues now \ Well i mean sounds like favortism to me. Siblings always get the better things 
I remember when we used to compete with Yo-Yo's to see who could do the best tricks. \ My brother used to have a yo-yo! He did a trick called "Around the world" and also one called "The cradle." Know those?
Yes, my favorite was called "Walk the dog". \ Oh yeah! I remember that! I wasn't good at doing any of them. I mostly just watched him. Good memories.
After months of job searching, I finally got a good offer \ What kind of job did you get?
I got a job in statistics \ What do you do as a statistic
: "My wife knows I could seldom lie to her,she can vouch for me". \ It's good that your wife trusts you
Yes, and I trust her too, she one of the best women on earth \ You two are lucky to have each other!
I love to play lottery scratch offs!   I once won 4000 on one. \ Wow, lucky you. I play those once in a year only
I can understand that, as I usually dont have the money to play to very often.  I couldnt wait to go cash it in.   \ I do not play too much because if I do not win, I feel it is a waste of money.
I found a phone, cards and money in the washroom at the mall. I gave it back in customer services \ THat is extremely noble of you!   YOu did the right thing!!
Yes because if this happens to me I would like to get my things back too. \ I would too.  I have lost things before and never had anyone turn them in and its not a good feeling.
man I feel kind of bad for something that I did \ What did you do?
my gf sent me some....photos, and I showed my mate a couple of them.... \ Dang! Maybe you can send me some too
I studied all night for a test. I think I can pass it, even though I was sleepy \ well that's good. what's the subject?
Organic chemistry! \ I hate chemistry because I think we should leave all that stuff to nature and just live our lives as the animals we are
I agree! \ do you have a good teacher?
I was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. I wasted my time! \ Dang, was it from craigslist?
Yes it was. \ I am too scared of getting scammed from those
One time they gave me ketchup packets instead of spicy sauce. I was so mad! \ Wow that is annoying. Did you get a spicy packet after?
No, I was pouting all day!  \ That is okay, mistakes happen all the time.
I recently purchased a Nintendo Switch and playing it reminded me of my childhood playing games with my friends. \ Dang! What kind of games did you play?
I played Mario Odyssey which is incredibly fun. \ I heard it is one of the best games of this generation!
One time when I was drinking coffee, all the memories of my childhood kept coming back \ Did you drink a lot of coffee when you were a child?
No, but I like losing myself in my thoughts when drinking coffee! \ I see, that is such a nice way to remember your past,.
I am praying that I did well on my exams. \ praying won't do anything, but did you study well?
I would say that I studied well. There was not one day that I took off to do something else other than study. \ and what was that?
man, I can't believe how fast my best friend was in the 5k today \ Did he exceed your expectations?
you could say that....I mean, I knew he was good at running, but I never knew how good he looked doing it..... \ That is the thing about athletes, it is crazy how gifted they are compared to an average person.
My family is one of the best on earth, I feel proud to have such a wonderful family \ Family is one of the most important things to have in life. 
Yes, just like my. Am so favoured, we shear so much love \ Yes your a lucky person and I'm happy for you.
do you havde children I do and my little girl made aF- on her spelling test last week. \ Yes I do
She promised she would do better this week I asked to see her spelling test and she made a A+. \ Wow, you must be very proud of her
Has your house ever been caught in a flood or natural disaster? \ Yes, Hurricane Harvey destroyed my city!
I haven't had one that bad but wee expireced a flood last week and it almost came the door of our house , my neighbor was not so lucky his  whole house was breached by the water and it did extensive damage. \ Dang, well I hope these things don't happen again!
One time I studied all week for my final exam! I think I can pass now! \ Well did you pass or did you fail?
I failed unfortunately, but I liked my optimism! \ Well I guess you might want to study harder next time.
We have 100 people coming over soon to pray over my sister and her house. I'm excited! \ I bet you are , So did she just purchase a new house?
No, she's got stage 4 cancer - it's the last day of a 24/7 week of prayer, with 100s of people around the world praying for her. There's been some incredible things happen! \ That is incredible , my dad had canswer and we had people from our church pray for him and others did as well and his cancer went into remission.
My girlfriend has been away visting her mother for 3 weeks now. \ Wow - that's a significant amount of time! How has that been for you?
I think about her every night and I wish she was here with me. \ It sounds like you really care about her. I hope everything works out great for you guys!
My son wet his pants at the park the other day.  \ Oh my! I hope that he did not feel badly about it. That sort of thing is normal for children
He turned red in the face. Luckily I was there to cover him up and get him to the bathroom quickly \ Aw, I love that he had you there with him when it happened. I bet that made it feel a bit better for him
I will be meeting my mom again after she went missing for 30 years. Meeting her soon, and I'm not sure if she still loves me or not. \ That is amazing! A parent will always love their children regardless of past decisions. How did you find her?
I searched for her on the Internet for the past 20 years. Finally, 6 months ago, her address came up in an Internet search for the first time! \ That is truly amazing! I wish you the best of luck! And I am sure she loves you still!
do you have any kids in college? \ No. I have kids, but they are toddlers.
well they grow fast and mine is all grown up and going away for college and we are going to miss her so much. \ I imagine. I left my parents and my country when I was 25 years old. 
my boyfriend sometimes looks at his ex instagram or facebook.  \ I bet that makes you angry , mine use to do the same thing and it made me furious.
I blocked my ex from social media. But sometimes he watches my ex facebooks and instagram too.   \ HJow do you put up with it , I Know I could not do it.
well, life's looking pretty crappy for me now.....sigh \ What!? What's going on?
I didn't get the promotion I thought I was going to get, and now I can't take my girlfriend to Disney World. she'll probably leave me now \ That is very unfortunate, I hope things turn around for you my friend!
One time I went to the doctor and I was really anticipating my test results for cancer! \ oh you must love getting cancer results!
Well it does get my heart beating fast! \ that's why I do it, for a great cardio workout. so what were the results?
god, I am going to SMACK my brother right now!!!! \ Why? Did he do something terrible?
he's just so obnoxious! I was trying to get w my girlfriend and he kept coming into the room to interrupt us, on purpose! \ Wow, he is super rude! Beat him up!
One time my house started flooding from a hurricane! \ and then what happened??
I woke up \ and then what happened
man, I was just looking through my parents wedding album.....I can't believe how young they were \ Dang! Do you look like your parents?
sort of...but it just made me think about how young I used to be too....the time sure has passed by \ Yup, time goes by too fast!
One time I skipped my friend's birthday party to watch TV \ I hope something good was on
There was! But I felt so bad afterwards. I'm a monster \ yeah you are. what show was it?
many years ago when my wife and i first moved in with each other there were lots of debates about money \ Financial stress can be a major burden. How did you get over this issue?
Well since i work more than I am at home we decided that she would handle the money and only have to consult me on major matters or purchases. \ That is a smart and well thought out plan
I told her that if she ever messed up and we lost a house or something devisating happened that we would switch and i would take over. \ Would you be able to forgive her for such a large mistake?
I like to believe i would, though i would be handling the money from then on. \ That is true. And the mistake would not happen again so you do not have to worry about that
My girlfriend has a male friend she always confides in. I do not feel like she should discuss some of our personal issues with him. \ I can understand that. It took me many years before I learned to have complete faith in my wife.
That is good any advice for a young man and his relationship? \ The only thing I can tell you is to have faith in her judgement. If you ever lose it, it is time to cut your losses and run because it will only lead to hurt and ruin.
That is great advice I truly appreciate it. I love her to death and we recently had our first child together.  \ Love her while you can and enjoy your life together. Children grow up fast, i have two, a six year old girl and a nine year old boy. They are handfuls
Before any meeting I always make sure I am ready in case the boss calls on me.  \ Does your boss call on you a lot?
Yes he does. I always try to come up with outside the box ideas to solve issues \ You should keep your head down, not make eye contact, and make a mean face! He won't call on you then!
One time my mom bought an ice cream from Mcdonalds! \ Really? what kind of icecream?
A plain vanilla one. It is rare since their machine is always broken! \ That is a good one! it is not always broken though. Sometimes they are out of ice cream mix because the workers eat it all
If one of my customers has an issue I always find them an answer. \ That's really kind of you. What good customer service!
That is how you keep clients happy! Best part is it makes you feel good when you go home at night. \ You deserve a raise for that mentality
I participated in a marathon with my friend last week \ Wow that is impressive! how long did you train for it?
1 month of training. And it would have been if I actually finished it. I had to stop halfway through \ Oh no! did you get hurt?
My foot started to bother me but mostly it's because my asthma was preventing me from getting enough air \ That is scary! I am glad you played it safe and decided to stop! there is always another marathon to run!
That's true. I can always try again \ Absolutely! And I am sure next time you will be able to finish 
One time when I was little, I was scared of going to sleep without a night light \ That is a rational fear when you are little. How did you overcome it?
I became depressed and I felt nothing \ Oh that is a bad place to go
My son recently was jumping on the couch and broke it. \ Wow! Did you punish him or anything?
I was so mad! I ended up telling him to get to his room and he would have to work off paying for a new couch \ Well I hope he learns his lesson!
my girlfriend has been threatening me recently..... \ Why, that's not good
she thinks I'm cheating on her but I'm not. I think she might hurt me \ What do you plan to do
I believe in my son, I know he will make me proud when his result will be out". \ result for what
Exams. He has always made me proud his result. I read well \ yeah you clearly are well read. what does he study?
One time there was this really cool person I was talking to on a chatroom \ Oh really? What were you guys talking about?
About topics that really impressed us. It was you <3 \ Aww that's so sweet <3
Have you ever been cliff jumping before? \ Nope, it is too scary for me!
Yeah me too! I went one time with my friends and I was really scared cause of the heights but I still managed to do it! \ Nice, I hope I can overcome my fear one day too!
In High School I loved to play sports. Football was my favorite \ ah I was never much of a sports guy, but I do work out a lot. do you still play?
Unfortunately I do not. I was not the best on the field and my brains were always my strong suit \ and now they're rattled around by 250lb guys smashing into you
Exactly! I am glad I got out of the sport without hurting myself perminantly. \ haha yeah. I'm worried about hurting myself by working out too hard
As long as you stretch properly before working out you should be fine! \ haha I wish it was that simple
oh no oh yes oh no oh yes!!! \ What is that?
my girlfriend just told me that she's pregnant! \ Congrats!!!! It is an amazing experience! I just had a little baby girl 3 weeks ago
what do I do!!! I'm totally shocked! \ Take it one day at a time man. It is a truly amazing thing. You will love that baby with all your heart
I hope so I'm just so overwhelmed right now \ I understand. Just be supportive as your girlfriend is probably thinking the same thing. Just remember you are now both in this together so enjoy the experience.
: "I am fully ready for my exams which is starting next week \ Wow what kind of exams are you taking?
My Master's exams in philosophy \ Sounds hard! I hope you do well in your exams!
One time a person offered to drive me home when it was raining outside \ He must be a good person bit if he's a stranger, is it safe?
It was super creepy, I did not take the offer ! \ That is good safety first
I was sick, but I needed some milk, so I let my neighbor take my credit card to the store to get some. \ That's very trusting. Did they come back with the milk?
Yes, he got the milk and brought the receipt to show that's all he bought.  \ Good for them. Nice to know that there are good people left in the world
I know! I was happy about that! \ I bet!
I trusted my brother would pay back the loan I gave him \ Sometimes it can get tricky when family and money are involved. Did he pay you back?
He is in the process but he is definitely behind our agreed upon payback schedule \ Oh man! I hope it all works out for you. 
I was very angry, my boss embarrassed me for nothing". \ what'd he do?
It was transfer of aggression, someone annoyed him but he later apologized \ well maybe you should find another job
my dad bit someone \ Who did he bit
a family friend. I'm getting so tired of his drinking! \ What can you do to help him stop drinking
 My cat passed away because of old age \ I am sorry to hear that! what was its name?
I called him Pizza Guy \ That is cute! is there a meaning behind that name?
I just got home from the hospital and we carried with us my first child! \ Wow congrats! Is it a boy or a girl?
It was a little girl! I am truly terrified right now that I am going to break her. She seems so small and delicate. \ Dang, well I hope she has a wonderful future!
I was recently passed up for another promotion at work.  \ I hope there was a good reason for that!
I truly am starting to think my boss hates me. He never gives me the good assignments and always degrades my work.  \ Maybe you should talk face to face with him next time you see him.
That sounds like a great idea! I will try that. \ I talked with my boss recently because I thought he was angry at me but it turned out he was just having problems at home.
That is true there may be some outside events causing this trouble at work. \ I am sure everything will work out just fine!
maybe you shouldn't have gone in that room.  \ Why? what is in that room?
The smoke you did not like because it reminded you of you're fathers smoking habit. \ The same habit that I took up
I have a reoccurring nightmare that I am being eaten by zombies \ Really?  Have you watched any zombie movies or shows lately?
It all started after watching the first season of walking dead \ Well that might explain it, those zombies aren't very nice!
I decided one day that I would adopt an animal at an animal shelter, and I picked up a dog. \ Cute!!! what did you name it?
I named her Abby, it seemed to fit her and she learned it pretty quickly. \ What kind of dog is she?
In all my relationships,i always choose to honest as much as i can. I never want to my partner to stop believing in me \ That is good! Never accept anything less!
Exactly,you receive what you get. Nothing less. \ I'm rooting for you! Get your dream person!
One time I kept waiting for this person to respond to my texts. He never did \ I can imagine how it feel,more so if its someone who never leaves his/her phone down.
Yes, I do not like being ignored >:( \ The writing is very clear on the wall. You have been ignored.
I find spiders to be extremely creepy \ I find them creepy too. I am actually very scared of them.
Same here! They are just 8 legs of death. Do you know an average human eats 4 spiders every year while they sleep! \ Oh no thats pretty gross! I hope that is not true, because if it is that is gross.
My dad wants me to work this job that I am completely uninterested in. \ Have you voiced your opinion to him yet?
Yes. He is very stubborn though and wants me to live the life he believes is best for me.  \ Parents always think they know best. Until their children prove them wrong they tend to think that. 
i can't wait to ride in a race car for the first time! \ What kind of e
i don't know but i've been waiting my whole life for this! it's going to be great! \ As you're hopeful, you will get it
I still believe my hubby will remember our anniversary, cos he always forget". \ I'm sorry to hear that. are you angry at him?
No he's the forgetting type but romantic, he promised he will never forget again \ well you better make sure of that. tell him if he forgets again you'll divorce him
My family is helping out with the money for my marriage ceremony! \ you're very lucky to have such family! when are you getting married?
Some time within the next 2 weeks, we're still trying to decide on the exact date. \ well , that's insane! i'm glad you find you life partner , and i hope everything goes the way you guys planned !
i'm starting university in two days and i'm kind of stressed because i'll be studying with new teachers and i have no idea what they will be like \ Wow, that sounds intense! I hope you'll find out there was nothing to be stressed about after all!
yeah but i hate having mean teachers , the ones that are not open for different ways of explaining things. so i really hope i won't have anyone like that \ Well I hope you won't have any of those mean teachers! Maybe you'll have some awesome ones?
I was so prepared for the track meet. I spent the previous 4 years getting ready for it. \ Wow that is a long time! How did you do?
I ended up coming in 5th overall, but only the top 3 were able to represent our country. But its ok, I knew I had come into the meet in the best shape I could have. \ Exactly! that is a great outlook to have. You did your best and as long as you are happy personally all the rest does not matter
I recently found out I need a root canal \ Oh no! Have you ever had one before?
No I have not I feel like it is my fault and I should have brushed more \ Yeah, but sometimes these things can't be avoided.
 School is starting back up soon, I can't wait to see all my friends again! \ that's sounds amazing, you
Yes, me very happy! \ you didn't talk to any of them during summer break? is there anyone specific you're looking forward to see?
sometimes i get scared because i fear not being able to achieve my goals in life \ I feel you. I am still scared even though I am sort of successful now!
it's that fear of not being able to control everything that hurts the most \ Uncertainty is the only certainty!
Last year I took a trip to Mexico and basically hung out on the beach for a week. \ You are so lucky,i have been long for such a break for so long.
I know, I saved up for a couple years and finally got a vacation, it was so peaceful and I was happy and relaxed! \ You get relaxed and even get more productive when you get back to work. 
I like to work with people who are fast on their feet and get things very fast. \ Have you always felt that way or have changed your view over time?
That is just me,we seem to get a lot of things done within a short period of time. \ Well that is a good way of doing things as long are you getting the job right in my opinion.
I have everything I need in life. My girlfriend is amazing my son is kind and I have a new baby girl \ That is amazing! It is nice to hear that things are going so well for you and your family!
Thank you! I am truly blessed to be where I am in life right now. \ That is wonderful! I wish you and your family the best! Sending positive energy, love, and light your way.
I accepted a job in a career field that I know I am not interested in.  \ Is it just temporary?
Yes, I am just accepting it for the time being. Just taking the position for the money.  \ Sometimes things are a necessary evil. And who knows as long as you keep your options open the perfect job may be right around the corner.
i will release my project soon, and i'm so excited because i worked insanely hard on it \ Yes I believe in you
thank you, i'm believe in myself and all the hard work i put in this project \ Your hard work will not fail you
 "I fell down on stage while dancing, I felt so bad". \ oh dear, that must've been embarrassing, are you okay though?
You could imagine ! \ i hope that you didn't get hurt
My boyfriend got me a new fridge for my bday! I am super happy. \ Girl,you are so lucky. You got a good one. better things are on the way for you.
: ) Thank you. So kind of you to say that. What's the best gift you have ever received? \ On my 30th birthday, my wife bought me my dream car. A Jeep. I never saw it coming.
My new car was extremely damaged in a road accident last week being my very first car,i;m shuttered \ I'm so sorry. : ( 
To make it worse,i was the one on the wrong. The insurance is seeming difficult to compensate. \ Well, at least you came out without an injury? Or did you.
I'm very excited about this weekend. Two days with literally no plans and no responsibilities! \ Dang! What are going to do with all that free time!?
The plan is to just relax. Maybe some TV or a book. \ Nice! Well I hope you have a nice and relaxing weekend!
One time I found a cockroach in my hamburger! OMG! \ Oh my god, that sounds like the most terrifying thing ever! Where was this so I know never to go there?
It was at Mcdonalds! \ Not surprising. How long did it take you before you were able to eat a burger again?
my grandmother is so sweet, I love helping her :) \ it's nice to have someone who can help you always, i'm pretty sure she loves having you by her side always
yeah she does. I'm helping her clean her house next week, and I'm not charging my usual $300 \ she probably appreciate you so much for doing that. 
i hate seeing all those people breaking their promises just so they can follow their desires and wishes \ what kind of promises? who hurt you?
nobody hurted me , it's just seeing people get hurt is kind of annoying for me \ what is the worst hurt you've ever seen?
nobody hurted me , it's just seeing people get hurt is kind of annoying for me \ so I hear....
I was happy because my best friend called me to ask about his first time moving away from home. \ Wow that sounds like good news!
Yeah. He was going to college. He went for a couple years. He didn't finish there.  \ I'm glad to hear he has moved on with his life! A huge step forward.
My landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so I had to leave my dog with my parents. \ That's too bad. I can't have dogs in my apartment either. Why won't they let you have one?
Everything is new inside, I guess they are afraid a dog would destroy something. \ Our second family dog died last year. She was the runt of the litter, so it was a surprise since she was a small dog.
My son starts his first day of kindergarten next week! \ Ah, that's so exciting! Is he looking forward to it?
Oh yes! he has not stopped talking about it all summer! \ That's so cool, I'm sure he'll love it and make some great friends!
I was recently going through some cupboards and I found my old school tie and some photos. I'm not really someone who holds onto things, and I hated school, I don't really know why I kept them. \ Do they have any sentimental value for you?
Not at all honestly. I'm not a very sentimental person generally. I think I kept them because I thought I might 'value' them later on, but looking back I really don't. \ Well then maybe it is time to get rid of them?
One time I was having a couple of drinks with a friend and we started roughhousing and I broke my tailbone \ Wow, did you fall on your butt that hard?
ohhhh yeah, I was pretty embarrassed to say the least \ That is unfortunate, but funny at the same time!
Once I was going to get fried chicken, but then I remembered I was loyal to only eating vegetables \ Wait, you forgot you're vegetarian? That must've been pretty shocking
My girlfriend makes me! And she is always watching! \ Oooo you have to be sneaky with your meat habits, my friend
Last week I was offered a new job but I dont know if I will take it. I am scared to leave my current job. \ why are you scared of leaving your current job? if you have been offered a better job then just leave you know?
Thats that thing, I dont know if it will be better at the new company. \ maybe you should ask i think that's the easiest way of discovering what is better for you!
i love helping people, just seeing that smile after you finish helping them makes me so happy! \ Who have you helped recently?
well, i always help this old man to cross the road. \ That's really kind of you. Does the old man appreciate it?
well you see, i do it more for myself , i don't really mind if the other people appreciate it or not it's more for me to be a better person. \ You are a good example to others.
I had an hectic interview ,I really don't know what to expect ,I'm curious to know what's next". \ What made it hectic?
I mean the rigorous process of the interview weighed heavily on me \ oh, I understand. Was it a long interview?
I was really embarrassed at school one day when I made a fool out of myself in front of my crush \ What happened?
I peed my pants. I was 7 years old, mind you \ Uhnnn,most of us did!
This one time, a girl I've known for a long time lost her place to stay. She had a lot of cats but, I let her crash at my place for a while. \ What about the cats though?
Well, they stayed in my room too. They were sweet but, I'm not a huge animal fan \ You monster! Everyone loves animals
I can tell my best friend anything! \ Sounds like a great friend! Do they just listen or offer helpful advice?
I usually ask her for advice and tell her embarrassing stories because she never snitches! \ Loyal and caring. You've got a winner on your hands!
I;m living my best life. I could'not be any happier." \ good to know. and what makes you life so good, huh?
Family is doing great, bussines is booming \ what if it all comes crashing down on you!
mmmmm I just had the best meal and I'm super full \ What have you eaten?
a huge home cooked meal and now I'm lying in bed and I couldn't feel any better \ You are living life. 
Ok, buckle up this one's sad. My fiance died when i was 18 \ What happened?
It was an accidental OD but, I still feel like I could've saved her \ Dang, that is very unfortunate.
One time I stole something from the grocery store when I was little \ Did your mother find out?
No, but the guilt haunted me for a long time! \ How have you managed it? Have you thought about returning to the store and admitting to it?
I got into a fight with my wife lately and we were so mad with each other.  \ At least you have a wife. Probably would if it weren't for fights over dumb things.
Well we don't ever really fight over dumb things. And we also fight rarely. we are over the worst fights lol. \ I hope you are right.
There was a race in high school I should have won. I didn't see the guy trying to pass me as he was coming out of the last turn. \ That sounds unfair. Maybe you'll get another chance to win.
The funny part was I threw the baton at the end and got my team disqualified for the race. \ Oh wow, well there is always another chance, we all learn on mistakes.
I drove past a lonely road where is a hideout for criminals". \ Did you feel scared?
You can ask that again.... Really scared! \ Was the drive a necessary one to take?
I asked a woman to keep an eye on my bag whilst I went to the toilet. \ Uhmnnn,you really did?
Yeah, I felt I could rely on her for two minutes \ Did you have a sum inside?
My employer provides me with lots of training and support so I have become very faithful to them. \ It's always good to have a boss you can get along with.  It makes work a lot less stressful.
It really does. It makes working there much nicer. \ Yes a boss who is helpful and has a good attitude will have earned my loyalty from the beginning.  The better I feel about work the better I perform in the long run.
In my spare time I like to watch tech reviewers on YouTube.  But whenever I see their high end gaming PC setups it makes me want something as good for myself. \ I am not much of a gamer myself. What is your favourite game?
My favorite game is Assassin's Creed.  It has a great story.  When I see it running on a gamer's expensive PC I wish I could get that performance. \ You need to save your money to be able to afford it.
I let people so much in my life and they've ended up betraying my confidence i had in them." \ I can sympathize with you. I've had a lot of betrayal in the past. The ONLY thing to do is to continue looking for trustworthy individuals. 
I have learnt the hard way,keep your friend circle small. \ Not for naught but, a dog won't ever betray you <3
You wanna know the most contented and peaceful time of day? \ Tell me more,i would love to know!
Drinking hot coffee outside. Your only company; the morning dew and the rising sun \ Perfect state of mind.  I will take that any day.
One time I was building a tower of cards that was over 8 layers tall. It fell when someone walked by \ oh my god, did it take a lot of work? and did it annoy you when it fell down?
Yes it took me over an hour! I was so mad! \ maybe this time you can do it somewhere alone?
do you ever feel lonely? i do. i hate my own company and i have no friends. \ Same. I hate my life. I sit in front of my computer all day
i do too, it's normal to runaway and sit in front of your computer i guess \ Well I hope things turn out better for you
i'm ashamed of always deceiving my family. \ why do you do it?
i don't do it on purpose , it's them they want me to be a doctor but i don't like medicine. \ oh I see. what do you want to do instead?
well, my friend won the lottery \ your friend is probably one of the luckiest people on earth. how do you feel about it/
I'm green with envy! why does he get to win and I don't!!! \ well, you know everything happens for a reason. 
Would you like to hear about one of the most anxious and exciting times of my life? \ of course I would
One time I took a Greyhoud bus from Atlanta Georgia to Seattle Washington. I was going to work on an organic farm \ What made you do that?
I had to work with a partner for my senior thesis and he did nothing! Do you like group work? \ Oh I hate group work for that exact reason. I'd rather just have company while I did the work
Me too! I spent months on it and we ended up with the same grade. \ What a shame. I wouldn't make them my partner again. (and I might venture so far as to notify the professor)
Remember our beautiful dog at home? Well unfortunately he did recently. The family are so so sad. \ I am so sorry to hear about your dog. What happened to him?
He was old and died of old age. He was such a big part of the family. \ At least he lived a long, happy life. 
I have a final exam that I've been studying for for days. \ How do you think it will go? Are you confident?
I think I will do really well. I feel prepared for it. \ What subject is it?
i had a fight with my sibling today and she started shouting at me and it really annoyed me \ That's unfortunate. Did you make up afterwards?
