a band called Death, they are no longer around and rarely put out new merchandise \ Oh, I bet I could guess what kind of music they'd play. Sorry about your shirt problem, though.
I was thinking about my Granddad the other day. I remember this one time where we fished on a lake. It wasn't anything special really, but I still remember it. \ i used to go fishing with my grandpa a lot as a kid, brings back awesome memories
Yeah. I don't really fish much anymore so it only kind of adds to the thought of fishing being a "my grandpa" thing. I miss him. \ i feel the exact same way. i haven't fished in years for that same reason
My friends went to dinner without me \ that would hurt my feelings. are you alright?
I'm fine, just disappointed mostly \ i totally understand that. i'm sorry.
i took a pregnancy test just to find out it was negative \ That's a good feeling
no. just the opposite. at least for me. \ How many kids do you want?
I didn't get any of the classes I wanted for this semester \ Oh dang! Did you file for classes late?
I had to re-register and they were all full. I don't think I am going to do well now \ I'm so sorry to hear it! Were you able to take anything?
I broke a finger the other day and couldn't do any dishes! It was terrible  \ I hate doing dishes any way
I was super lucky though because my husband just went up and did them all for me!  \ That's sweet
I log in to facebook every day just for the facebook memories part \ That's my favorite part of facebook!  Especially when I see old pics of my kids.
I know right!  I love it! \ About this time of year, there's a lot of 'first day of school' pics.
Yep. Then there's graduation and prom in may.  \ And in between football games and soccer games, and christmases - it's a healthy reminder that time flies so quickly!
So true! I wish my phone would just do it automatically \ I know Google Photos has a little reminder thingy where it says something like, "Remember this day?"
So I managed to get all my school shopping done this week so the kids have all their things ready to go for tomorrow! \ Cool I just finished today
I got an early start this year.  Most years I start late and they're out of stuff I need by the time I get around to it. \ Yeah we had a hard time today lol
And then the stores get so crowded after a certain point!   \ I am going to do like you next year for sure!
I am waiting intensely for a call back for a new job! I figure I have it! \ Oh that is awesome! Im sure you do! Waiting for that can really feel like forever when its only been a few minutes!
Yeah, it is definitely building up!  I can't wait! \ Its good that you are excited! Im sure you will be a great asset for them!
This is going to sound silly, but yesterday I realized when I went to change a diaper that I could not find a single baby wipe in the house. I didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. I was scared I wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers! \ Haha!  I am only laughing because I know exactly what you are talking about!  That has happened to me a couple times!.  I had to use a hand towel once!
NO YOU DIDNT! I would use my fiances old yucky gym shorts before I go for a kitchen towel! Yikes! Lol \ Ha!  I wasn't thinking at the time.  I was just grabbing whatever was around!
I woke up and my car had a flat tire \ That sucks! Did you have a spare on you?
No, but I was able to get it towed easily enough \ That is good to hear.
I was really scared a few days ago when I went on a trip. \ Why's that?
I visited a haunted house and there were a lot of jump scares! \ Did you go with anyone?
Do you ever feel surprised at your abilities? \ No,i don't feel surprise d
You must be very talented then? \ Yes,i am
I will  make it in the exam \ which exam are you taking?
Entrance exam \ Entrance to what?
I have finnaly gotten used to being single \ Thats good! Relationships aren't for everyone all the time. You have to love yourself before you can love someone else right?
So true. And I feel so much better now that I am not even looking \ Yes, and you will end up meeting someone when youre not looking and n ot expecting it. 
After my fiances PTO days are over that he likes to use almost two weeks in a row, and things get back to the usual grind, it stinks because I feel so alone in the house trying to control my child. \ Thats no good
Yeah its hard, and having no other adults around me for a while feels isolating \ i know that feelingh
cant wait to get the phone call about the new job. i fell very good about it \ That's good. Your interview must have went really well.
it did.i felt like he was eating out of the palm of my hand \ Well I hope you get it then.
My daughter spent the sumer studying so that she will do well this year \ thats good.its very important to instill good learning and study habbits. something i wish i had as kid
I think she is going to really shine this year \ sounds like she is ready to succeed 
I am so glad I didn't move into a place that I couldn't afford from the beginning \ That is good to hear. I am glad you did not overspend and go into debt.
I lost my job and I can still keep my head above water \ I hope you can find another job soon.
I am feeling good because I got myself a gift recently. \ I love self gifts. what was it
I recently upgraded my car due to a raise I got. I am very happy \ Thats pretty cool
I am watching the new episode of Castle Rock \ Really?Is it a good show? I've never heard of it. 
I don't like scary show but I can't stop watching it. It is truly frightening \ I'm the same way! Although now that I know it is scary I probably won't watch it!
I was having a bad day the other day and everything just kept going wrong  \ That happens sometimes
The worst part of the day though was when I dropped my last cookie I was really looking forward to \ I probably wouldve cried
I fought off hordes of people shopping for school stuff all at the same time and I won!  I got everything on their lists! \ Was it like black friday? lol
YES.  *chuckle!*  School starts tomorrow here and it was absolutely insane.  The worst part was, usually I go to the store regularly before 10A because there's less people in there and I can just kinda stroll through the aisles.  Oh no, not today.  It was just about elbow to elbow! \ Stick to your routine next time
I have to grocery shop on Thursday and hopefully the furor will have died down.  But I was in the checkout line and I swore that next year, I'm ordering stuff online and having it all shipped and just keeping my happy self at home!   \ I hear ya! I am definitely shopping online
Especially since I was just browsing and a lot of online places have deals better than the ones in store! \ plus you can usually get some kind of cash back. I love deals
My 2 nephews were eating ice cream and the younger one dropped his in the dirt. The older one gave his own ice cream to the younger one. \ Awwww.  That is so sweet.  It is nice to see when young people are actually being nice to each other!
Yes but then my older nephew realized he had no ice cream so he picked up the one out of the dirt and ate it. \ OMG LOL.  Well maybe that wasn't so nice!  Ewwww.
I am so proud of my son. He just graduated college last month! \ That is outstanding news. You must be a great parent to raise a son who got through college.
Yes I am so happy for him!  He finished in just 3 years too! \ Great that he finished early!
I will pass a examen next monday. I reviewed all the content for the course \ Good for you! Studying can be a real challenge sometimes.
Yes, I feel ready. I can't wait to take that exam \ Awesome, that's the best way to go into exam. I'm sure you'll do great!
Last month, my boss gave me a 10% raise, even though I didn't ask fo it. It was quite the welcome surprise! \ That is great. Probably he think that you are doing a great job.
Yeah, we have always gotten along well, and he has always been very supportive of me. \ That is good
The other day I was getting a glass out the cabinet and There sat a spider  \ Ew, I hate spiders. We are in the process of getting them out of our garage.
I hate the little things too! It was IN the glass at that!  \ Oh no, throw it away!!!!
I am glad cause some antibiotics fixed my swollen gum. \ I'm glad too. What made it swell up anyway?
Maybe not cleaning teeth properly, it was around a wisdom teeth that needs to come out or some work. \ Oh I get that, I had that happen near one of my wisdom teeth too.
In freshman year of college, me and some friends got invited to this really sketchy party and we were really hesitant about going. \ Interesting, sounds like a metal band concert I went to where people were a bit goth. Did you go?
Yeah, it was a house party and it was a great time despite my original thoughts. \ College was an odd time, people the same age you didn't know that well.
Thats pretty sweet \ It was so good and unexpected.
MY daughter never talks to me until I am busy \ That sounds about right. How old is she?
13. She never even says anything interesting lol \ At 13 everything is interesting to her. She may just want attention.
I have been preparing for grad school and it is making me a little anxious. \ I just got in a few months ago, best of luck my friend!
Thank you, what are you studying \ I am in the Information Systems field
I am so hype for the new super smash bros, are you a fan of the series? \ Yes! My husband and I bought the old school Nintendo and played a couple of months back.
Those games still hold up, their style is timeless, such a commendable move \ They are, I really enjoyed playing them. We also played Donkey Kong.
My son is turning two in a couple of months and it is making me a little sad. \ Why is that making you sad?
Time just goes by so fast. \ That is true, well there is a lot of time left
I cannot wait for the newest Mario Party game, it looks like so much fun to me! \ I love playing Mario!
Mario Odyssey was really good as well! \ I haven't played that one, I will have to try it out.
I am cooking for my boyfriend tomorrow. \ That's nice of you. Is it a special occasion?
Just because I have never done it. I am so nervous \ Use a recipe and stick to it. If he is a good boyfriend he will appreciate your effort.
I went out to get the mail and there was a snake right up against the house. I was freaked out. \ Oh my word! I wouls have just died
I froze at first and then backed up slowly into the house. \ Where did it go?
It's not that I am adverse to avant garde theater, but this "play" I went to recently was a little too much. \ How was it too much?
Well, to their credit, they had advertised it as being quite interactive. A little contact is OK, but they wanted me to eat "mystery candy" from a box while blindfolded! \ That sounds very strange
A co-worker was having issues finishing a project \ That's understandable. What kind of project was it? Were you involved?
It was a major work project, I stepped in to help him \ That's so generous of you. It's people like you that make the work week bearable!
I get emotional thinking about my brothers, they re really important to me \ That's sweet! Family is so important and relationships with siblings is a very significant one in our lives. I felt the same about my sister.
Are you guys far apart age wise? \ We weren't, only 2 1/2 years. It was just the two of us and we were very close, she passed away several years ago.
Around this time of the year, my husband usually always gets a large bonus, but it's not a promise. It's not easy waiting to see if he will! \ How big is the bonus usually?
It all depends, but always has been thousands. So, the waiting drives us nuts! \ Wow, well I hope you guys get it this year then!
I am super excited for the new super smash bros game, do you like the series? \ I do, I used to play growing up.
It is worth a look for the new one, it looks awesome to me \ I will have to try it out!
I have been preparing to take the gre and I cannot wait for it to be over. \ What field is that for? I am sure that is a lot of stress
It is like the SAT for Grad School. \ That makes sense, well I wish you the best of luck!
I am ashamed of how much I have gone to the gym recently, I have been slacking since I have been working more \ Well, you can't do everything.
I know, but I sure wish I could \ Give yourself a break. Your financial health is important too.
I'm focusing on being more financially wise these days. \ That is smart, money is tight these days
Yes, it is and I'm trying to stay afloat by not making mistakes. \ That can be tough to do, but will pay off in the long run!
I am confident in how I perform at work, I wish I was rewarded for it accordingly \ Everyone has bad bosses. Just keep working hard and they will have to recognize your greatness.
I sure hope so, I have been here for a few years though, and no promotion \ Then maybe you should think about trying to find a job somewhere else?
I am so thankful for my great freinds and family. They gave me a lot of cool presents for my birthday.  \ What did you get?
Well I got a nintendo switch and a bunch of games that wanted for started.  \ Seriously? Do you like super smash bros? It is coming out in december, I love my switch to death man, it is amazing
Somewhat happier today because my bank account was in the negative but I wasn't charged a fee. \ I have been there, I hope everything works out for you!
It was a mistake from a company, they reversed it but you know it takes a few days to credit.I  was able to settle it quickly today. Phew! \ Thank goodness, that will make you stressed.
My friends put together the best graduation party for me, I was so shocked. \ Oh that is nice! What happened at the party?
We swam and just enjoyed each others' company. \ Oh that's nice! Enjoy summer while it lasts. What did you go to college for?
I knew that there is a lot of studying entailed when you are in law school. I was up all night studying for the Bar. \ Law seems difficult it seems..
You know, it is more tedious than it is difficult because you have to do a lot of reading and memorizing. I cannot remember not going a day without studying.  \ You should  also have a sharp memory to remember, what ever you have studied..
I am so chuffed to see Croatia in this year Football world cup \ You seem to be an avid soccer fan. Is Croatia your favorite team?
Soccer is my passion. Nothing likecroatia is my fav team, they were the underdogs this world cup. so am happy about they made it \ Oh I get it, that is pretty cool. I like a good underdog story. So this World cup should be very exciting!
I was shocked when Nintendo announced Ridley for super smash bros, I had been wanting that for years \ Yeah that was awesome! I feel like they have a less than stellar track record when it comes to fan service.
I agree on one hand but disagree on the other, sometimes I think their fans are a bit childish, with Smash Bros in particular \ I get where you are coming from. Nintendo fans are not easy to please!
When my friend told me to give him my last $400, I thought he was crazy. But in the end, I am glad I did. \ Why did you do that?
He has these crackpot schemes but they always work out. We turned that $400 in to $2000 a piece selling posters at a music festival! \ Wow, good for you guys!
We went to our local county fair a couple of days ago. \ I love the fair! Did you have a good time?
We did. We listened to music, rode some rides. \ That sounds like a great time!
I am applying to grad school and I am hopeful I will get in. \ What is your field ?
School Psychology, I want to be a counselor. \ We need you. Hang in there.
I got some BHB salts that are for keto in the mail today and I am VERY intrigued and couldn't wait to try them! \ What are they for?
I sometimes eat too many carbs or sugar now and again and wanted a way to get back in too ketosis quicker \ Ah okay, that is good then, I hope they are effective for you!
I was upset when I found out my job does not pay for you to take a lunch break, that ruined my day \ Oh, most jobs don't unfortunately
Ours does if you are full time, but I have been working full time hours recently but not getting that perk... \ That's very unusual. Most jobs don't. I would talk to the managers about it! Paid lunch would be great
I feel so worthless right now.  I think im just going to spend the day in bed tomorrow \ Well, maybe the time in bed will help you relax
I was in line for a promotion at work and I just found out that I didnt get it \ That must be quite dissapointing
The most beautiful thing in the whole world have just happened to me  \ That sounds really exciting? what was it?
I just adopted a son :) \ Congratulations.  Thats awesome.  I hope you give him the world
I was kinda a lonely child. \ I'm sorry to hear that, growing up can be tough.
Yeah, I was an only child, and over 300 miles from any extended family growing up. \ That is hard, especially being so far away from family.
I am having my first son in a couple of months. \ That's wonderful. I have two daughters 10 and 13. I wish you the best.
Thank you, I am so excited, but nervous. \ You'll do fine. As long as you love him, everything else will work out.
I was really shocked when Nintendo announced their Super Smash Bros direct, it turned out to be an awesome one \ I haven't heard about the "direct" yet. What about it do you like?
It is cool how they just zoom through all these awesome announcements, that is what I like \ That sounds exciting! I can't wait to what they come up with next!
Not all of my high-school memories are fond ones. Like the time I drank too much and passed out at a party. \ How old were you?
I was about 16 at the time. The thing is, I passed out right in front of the entrance to the house. Everyone coming and going had to step over me! \ That is young, I wish someone had helped you!
I get frustrated by my job sometimes, the people who call in just are not competent sometimes \ I know that feeling.  I do phone support too.
Ugh, it is not fun when it gets busy or there are not enough agents, but it is what it is \ Yep, but you can only help one person at a time.
Wow, I thought I was going to be gator food tonight \ Why is that?
I was out on a walk and I thought I saw an alligator in the grass next to me.  It scared me so bad \ Oh, that would not have been fun! They do not like people!
I was hurt a lot when I was passed up for a full time position I wanted at my company \ That's terrible. 
Yeah, I have been here awhile, I though I deserved it \ Are you going to say anything to your surperiors.
I am sometimes a bad parent \ Why is that?
I always eat all of the ice cream before my kids have any \ Oh, well they probably do not need any ice cream!
that's what I say while I eat it lol \ Haha, they can eat ice cream when they are the parents!
My son's second birthday is coming up and it has been thinking of when he was born. \ Aw he's still a little guy.
I know, times just goes by so fast! \ Cherish the moment while you can!
Our coworker who has been with us for over 20 years just quit out of the blue. \ Oh no, I hate to heart that. I hope everything is okay.
I hope so as well. We're all waiting to hear back from her. \ Something big must have happened.
Last week, I was unfaithful to my wife. I feel bad about it. \ Oh no, did something happen to have caused it?
No. It was with a female co worker. She has been seducing me for weeks. \ I'm sorry to hear about what happened. Are you staying with your wife?
I had tickets to play, but they canceled because the actress got sick \ That is bad. What are you planning to do instead?
Probably going to catch a movie with friends. \ That is good also. Hanging out with friends is the best thing to do.
I stole a pair of shoes once, I feel so bad about it. I was young and poor and needed shoes for work. \ Wow, it was because you were young, that is why
Back then, I felt like the world owed me something because of my bad childhood. \ It is really nothing, children behave like that sometimes
But finally, it happened that I passed \ What did you pass?
My university result, when in school \ That's great! I bet you feel relieved.
My son took his first steps a few days ago. \ That's great! I must have been so cool to see that!
It was so exciting! \ That's really great!
I came home from a long day of work ready to eat this steak I had marinating when I found my roomate had eaten it. I was so upset! \ No way, that is the worst. Did you ask your roommate why he or she ate it?
All he said was that he thought it was free game even though I had specifically told him it was mine.  \ I am sorry to hear that! 
I am so ready to drop the kids off at school on monday \ Is that the first day ?
Yep. I am going to iron everyone clothes tonight lol \ That's nice. Mine started a couple of weeks ago.
I always try to predict the needs of my family too. Like how you're ironing clothes. \ That's a good thing. It can sometimes be overwhelming though
Yes, August is always the toughest month of the year for us. Everything the kids do starts then. \ I know what you mean. We are getting club schedules together for my teen
I don't know how you are with Calc, but I can get pretty anxious before an exam. \ Math has never been my strong suit. I'm more of a history type of person.
Me neither! That's why I was amazed when this girl said she had made a study guide and would e-mail us all a copy. I ended up with a B! \ That was very altruistic of her! 
I am so anxious about my son being born in a couple of months, it will be my first child. \ You are very fortunate. Have you decided on a name yet?
We haven't yet, it is so hard to decide! \ You will know when the time is right. I am adopted myself, so I have a special place in my heart for new parents.
My friends put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea! \ That sounds fun!
It was, it was nice to be able to see everyone and relax. \ Did you get a lot of gifts too?
My kids can be little angels \ Children are angels!
Until I get on the phone. Then they are little devils \ Yes, that happens everytime!
I am impressed with how much content they stuffed into the new super smash bros, they went way too hard for that game \ Those games are usually so fun.
This one is the ultimate version of it, it is worth checking out \ I will do that.
My child is having his first birthday soon. \ Congrats, how fast did it go by?
Way too fast, it was like I blinked. \ Ugh I was hoping that is not the case, I would want my kid to be young forever
I was really shocked when my parents threw a party for me for my 21st birthday! \ I had to work when I turned 21. That must have been awesome
It was, sorry you did not get to enjoy your day though... \ I went to the casino after and won 250 dollars but I was by myself lol
MY best friend is moving 500 miles away with her family \ How do you feel about that?
I am sad. She has been like a sister to me \ Sorry to hear that, i hope you get chances to visit!
I am so happy that the preseason for football starts tomorrow, the Eagles play tomorrow, that is awesome \ I enjoy football, but I mainly enjoy that when football happens, fall comes.
That is true, the only down side is my job gets busier \ What do you do for work?
I am so thankful that I am able to stay home with my child. \ I am so thankful that I am able to stay home with my child.
That is a blessing, i would like to do that \ It really is!
I am so happy with my life right now. \ Why is that?
Everything is so good right now. I recently had my first child. \ I am glad it did not make you depressed!
I am glad it did not make you depressed! \ Me too.
I am mad I got passed over for a position at work, I thought I was qualified for it too, but no contact \ I am sorry to hear that, I have been there before.
Have you seen previews for the meg? \ I think so, that's the giant shark movie, right ?
yep! I can't wait to go and see it \ I've never been much for sea stuff for some reason.
really? does it bore you? \ no, it's just not my thing. I like sci fi and horror...just not sea stuff
I wish more people understood the concept of personal space. \ I know exactly what you mean
It's like when I'm at a store, they won't back up off me at the register. \ I hate that too. Especially when you are paying and they are right behind you... like, why?
My neighbor bought a new porsche. I envy him so much. \ Does he at least work hard for it ?
No, that is also a problem. It is not clear what is job. I don't understand how he manage to have that much money. \ Hopefully he  has worked hard for it. I'm sorry you have to deal with that
My cat kept doing her best to wake me up last night  \ Why she is doing that?
She was trying to wake me up to get me to play with her!  \ Ah ok I undestand.
I was out walking with the kids yesterday and these loose dogs who are always running around the neighborhood came up and ran up to attack us. I was so scared that they were going to bite one of the kids, I just stomped at them and yelled loudly and luckily they were scared off and left.  \ That is really brave of you, thanks for doing something about it
Oh thanks, I just didn't want them to bite my kids! They had bit my ankle once before and even though they weren't huge dogs it really hurt.  \ Yea and it can be bad for infections too, scary stuff
i almost got swept away in a storm last year, was scary stuff \ Oh no, were you okay?
Yea barely made inside in time, was scaring me to death \ Wow I'm glad you were okay! I'd be so scared too.
Getting everything ready for grad school is so stressful. \ I can imagine. 
I will be glad when it is all over.  \ You have a lot of hard work ahead.
My sister just got a new car \ That's awesome. What kind of car.
a yukon. it really nice, but I have had my car for forever and I really envy her right now \ That is a nice car! 
Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I was very depressed and alone \ I am so sorry to hear that. I am glad you found people to count on.
Me too, life has gotten a lot better \ I am happy for you
I didn't get the promotion I work hard for at work. \ Me neither, how do you feel about it?
I was pretty upset, but I will just try harder next time. \ me too, best of luck!
I really care for my family, they mean a lot to me \ That's really sweet. Is there any member of your family you are particularly close with?
My brothers, neither in particular though \ Siblings can be our closest confidants, and in a lot of cases, lifelong friends.
I never thought I would be where I am today. If you would have told me I would go back to school at 27, I would have thought you were crazy. \ why did you go back?
I had always wanted to be an electrical engineer, but had settled for life in the service industry (not knocking it). I re-taught myself basic algebra, and was accepted to a state university two years ago!  \ good for you, best of luck!!
i was so stressed when i found out that i did not get accepted in my dream college \ Oh no. Did you have a good backup plan ?
yeah i got into another college that was not as good haha \ Maybe you can transfer after a bit ?
I love it when it is quiet around the house. \ do you like being home alone much?
I do, but since I have a family it doesn't happen often. \ yeah i can relate to that, alone time is sometimes very relaxing
I was so excited when I held my son for the first time. \ I bet. That is a special moment
It really was, like no other moment. \ What did you name him?
Knox. \ That's so cute. I have a son named Ethan
I let my daughter go school shopping with her friends \ That sounds fun, did she have a good time?
She did. And surprisingly she got everything she needed and didn't empty my bank account! \ That is even better! School shopping can be so expensive.
My son will be turning two in a couple of months and it has me looking back. \ Uh oh, are you ready for the "Terrible 2's"?
I am trying to prepare.  \ He will be into everything. I know what you mean about looking back. Kids grow so fast.
I lost my pet turtle. I am feeling devastated. I think he escaped the yard. \ Oh no, I am so sorry! I hope you find him.
I do too. I really miss him. We were best buds. \ I'm sure he will return!
I was really apprehensive about going to university at the age of 30. \ That's okay, I'm 25 and still in college. How did it go for you? 
It went pretty well! I got great grades and made friends despite the age difference. \ That's awesome. I'm glad it worked out well for you. :)
My boyfriend cancelled our date last week to go to the movies with his female best friend... \ How did that make you feel?
Annoyed. I feel like he chooses her over me a lot. I hate feeling like I have to compete with her.  \ I understand! I would feel the same way.
I watch my son when I'm not at work, usually for a day or two in a row. \ That's cool.
Yeah sometimes I have to remind myself to spend time with other adults.  Every once in a while I find myself missing quality interaction. \ I was told that recently. My ilfe revolves around my kids
Yeah sometimes you find yourself missing your old life. \ I know exactly whaat you're saying
My boyfriend cooked me dinner for the first time. I did not trust him in my kitchen \ Well that's fun!  Did he do a good job?
He did amazing. He made fish tacos and it was just like the ones we had in mexico \ Cool I'm glad it was a success.  I hope it reminded you of good times!
i cant believe the growth video games are having this past couple of years \ What do you mean by that? I'm not a gamer really
gaming has blown up this past couple of years  \ Oh you're right, it has. I hear about it more and more
I wore the same dress my mother wore at her wedding to my own. \ did you like that? i find reusing dresses very combinient
I loved having such a treasured piece of my mother with me. \ that is really nice, i still have my wedding dress
My two daughters keep me happy. \ That's so nice!
I know I had them sort of late in life, but they're worth the wait. \ Hey children are a miricle. 
I was really proud of a coworker at work. They gave a great presentation. \ That's nice. What sort of work do you do?
I'm in finace.  \ Great, how about a loan ? Just kidding.
This is just a very good day for me. I never thought my brother will pay me back what he owed me, but he did when i needed the money most \ aaawwww, thats very impressive of him. it must be a lucky day for you
Oh yeah. I was considering getting a loan when i got my account credited. I will have to call him now and thank him \ wow. thats good. it is good you were patient too for him to pay back
this lady has just popped in when i needed help most. I had forgoten my wallet at home and needed to refil my gas. she offered to help \ i am so happy for you. I know how it feel when you are stranded 
yes. i was so relieved, thanks to her \ You can collect her contact and make friend with her
We went to Gulf Shores on vacation for the first time and it was so nice. \ wow, it sounds like a very exotic holiday
It was nice, but not quite exotic. \ Ok, but at least you got to do something you have always wanted right? visit gulf shores
After been beaten by a mosquito last night, I am very scared of sleeping in my room \ I hate how itchy you get after being bitten.
Exactly, i'm glad someone understands how i feel \ The bites take forever to go away, too!
Once I was stranded hours from home in a snowstorm. I ended up going to a stranger's house to wait it out \ Oh wow. I would have been so scared. more of a stranger than the storm
Well, she was really nice and we had been waiting together in the snow for awhile, so I felt I could trust her. \ Well that was nice. How long were you stuck there
I have to accept the fact that my kids are growing up \ It's a difficult fact of life
They aren't my little babies anymore and I am not handling it well lol \ I think that's normal! Eventually you will adjust
I wrecked my car and have no way of fixing it. I need it for my job, my life is ruined. \ Can't you just get another one?
No, I'm broke. \ Maybe you can just get another job.
My teacher saw me cheat on a test \ Oh no, you should probably deal with the consequences
Yeah, as a result my teacher failed me. \ How do you feel about that?
I'm a bit worried because my SATs are coming up and I feel unprepared. I am scared I will mess up bad. \ Don't worry too much about it, worrying can actually make you preform worse. You can always retake the test!
That is good advice. I will try not to stress out too much about it. \ You got it!
I am preparing to take my GRE, the graduate school SAT, and I have so much to study. \ Wow, then you know how it feels. I hope you do great.
I do, it can definitely be overwhelming.  \ I bet you won't have anything to worry about. We will both excel.
I love roller coasters, but I hate that my favorite amusement parks close during the winter.  \ I hate that most parks close during the winter too. Do you have any indoor type amusement parks near you?
Not that I'm aware of. :( When February rolls around, all I can think about is how much I miss them and how I can't wait to go back. \ I feel you. You will just have to go as often as possible during the other months to make up for the winter time without!
I'm excited to graduate college and start my career soon! I have a feeling that my life will get much better once I do. \ Ooh, congratulations! I'll be graduating soon too. What's your major?
I'm an Engineering major, electrical engineering specifically. And yourself? \ That's very cool. My dad's an electrical engineer, actually. I'm a cybersecurity major myself.
I used to get so scared by the movie "The Village" as a kid \ Oh no! I've never seen that movie, but it sounds like it was very horrifying! Have you watched it as an adult?
I have, it  certainly is not as scary, but still holds up okay \ Well, at least you were able to conquer your fear!
I'm so mad. I bought a used car for my son and found out later the odometer had been rolled back. \ Wow, that is sleazy, what did you do?
Well, I've contacted the police, the DMV and their bond company but I'm not getting anywhere. I don't know how people like that can sleep at night. \ I do not know, how did you discover that was the case?
I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I did not know what to do \ that is sad i wish you and your family the best of wishes
Thank you, it still hurts me a lot some days \ that is normal when you lose someone, but time heals everything
i really am thankful for everything that i have and had \ What is your most prized posession?
it is actually a little medal my dad gave me when i was little \ Why is that?
My daughter hides food under her bed, how nasty! \ That is gross, what kind of food?
Anything she snacks on late at night, I guess. I even found a half eaten bowl of spaghetti with meatballs! \ That is nasty, you have to kill that habit!
I am happy with my life right now, everything is going okay for the most part \ That's great, we all deserve to feel peace and happiness with how our lives are going.
That is true, I wish that for everyone \ You're a kind person to wish that.
I learned a new trick to putting up a ladder that I wanted to try out at our countywide training the other day. \ How did it go?
Not too well.  I ended up dropping it which was really loud.  I could feel all the eyes on me. \ Oh no! I hope you didn't feel too humiliated.
I was looking at advertisements of my childhood toys recently and felt strangely overwhelmed with emotion. \ Did the ads bring up good memories I hope?
Yes! Especially the ads for toys I haven't thought of in years, like Boglins. \ I have absolutely no idea what Boglins are, but I'm sure they were awesome!
My little brother has gotten really good at bowling recently and it kind of floors me! \ Oh wow, maybe he can get a scholarship! I know some colleges now offer bowling athletic programs.
Perhaps! He's joining the high school bowling team so that may help his chances as well. Do you like to bowl yourself? \ You must be very proud of him! Yes, I love to bowl with my family but I'm not very good at it!
I keep hearing strange noises in my house. My husband is out of town and I'm all alone. There has been reports of break ins on my street. \ That is scary. Do you have means of defending yourself?\
No I don't, I do have two dogs! They keep growling at the noises to! \ Maybe you can call a neighbor or something to see if they see anything suspicious outside your house! Don't hesitate to call the police if you feel you should!
I didn't expect my wife to buy me a new car for my birthday. \ Wow! that must have been the best surprise for a birthday. You are so loved.
Yes, I was very touched by her gift to me. \ You are so lucky to have her. 
4 \ I didn't understand you
I feel extremely terrible i did not invite my best friend to my wedding \ That is bad. How could you forget?
I'm really pleased with myself! I've worked really hard lately and I was able to pay cash for all new kitchen appliances! \ That something which you should be proud of.
Yes, it was nice not having to pay interest on such a large purchase! \ I hate interest too. It is always to pay cash.
I have been given a very hard project to work on. I am sure that I will succeed even if the other doubt it. \ If you were given the project, it's probably because someone thinks you can do it!
My manager has confidence in me.It is good to have someone that trust you. \ It's a very good feeling when someone has faith in you! Good luck with your project!
My best friend just got these new sneaker that make him jump higher. He is always dunking on me when we play basketball. \ You should get the same sneakers then.
I want to but can't afford them. I wish I could be like him. \ Just save up and eventually, you will be able to get them.
As I was walking a dog started running towards me. \ Were you scared? Hope it wasn't a mean dog.
It looked mean so I started running as fast as I could. \ Good idea. Glad you got away safely.
Once when I was a kid I got caught in a riptide with my sister. It was very scary! \ Sounds frightening! Was this off the coast of a beach or something?
Yes, Martinique Beach in Nova Scotia. The currents are very strong. \ That is one of my greatest fears. Did you have to swim sideways from the current to escape?
Yes that's right! I was a strong swimmer so we made it. \ Great to hear that you made it out ok!
So I suck hard at bowling, but tonight I tried to be pro and putting spin on the ball. I ended up just throwing it down the lane instead. \ Ha ha! I have done that, too. So embarrassing.
Yeah, my face was bright red when the ball almost went into the other lane! Thankfully there was somebody that sucked even worse than me in my party. \ Phew, so they got most of the attention.
I have my ob interview tomorrow. \ Oh, good luck! Are you nervous for the job interview?
I really thought I would be, but surprisingly I am not! Maybe because I've been preparing for it all week. I feel pretty good about it. \ It's so great to be prepared! I'm sure the interviewers will be impressed!
It's hurricane season in my area and I've been stocking up on supplies just in case a storm comes! \ Sounds like you're ready to ride out the storm. Are you afraid?
No, I've been through many bad storms. I've learned to buy water, canned food, batteries and LED lanterns early in the season to beat the crowds! \ True. I bet it was a mad house at the supermarket today.
I have my final math test tomorrow. \ That is so nerve racking. I'm sure you will do great.
I'm not too sure. Frankly, I am quite nervous about it since I haven't studied. \ Do you usually do good in math? It is my favorite subject and always came so easy for me.
My son is starting high school and will be a freshman. Tonight he wanted to go to a get together with a bunch of high schoolers at the park. It is so hard to let him go. \ Yeah, that can be a tough time. Pretty soon he'll be off to college!
Yes, I know I have to let him grow up, but he is my baby and I want to know he will make the right choices. Sometimes it is the other kids you have to worry about more and the influence they have when they are starting high school. \ Well, I am sure he will meet a bunch of jolly good fellows while he's still in high school. You just got to keep on top of him with his grades and he will be fine.
The new madden finally comes out friday! \ Hey, I'm looking forward to it too! Can't wait to crush my co-workers.
word, what system do you play on?  \ I play on the PS4. It's the only way to play Madden.
I got to go to the park and read a book today after a tough week of work. \ what book you reading?
I am reading Game of Thrones. It was nice to kick up my feet and feel the sunshine on my balding scalp. \ lol i feel you, i too am lacking in that department
When I was playing ball at the gym someone got hurt. \ That is too bad. How did they get hurt?
The ball hit him in the mouth. \ Ouch. I hope he didn't lose any teeth.
I saw a clown walking down my street yesterday. I got so scared because I thought he was after me. \ Why did you think he was after you?
He kept looking at me and walking towards me. I locked my door and hid under my bed cowering in fear. \ Although you might have really been scared your story sound kind of funny!
I suppose to be on a committed diet but I kind of cheated today. \ Well, I can understand that. It's very hard to be on a very strict diet, without a break here and now!
It is my coworkers said they was going to Burger King and I couldn't resist I feel so bad and guilty. \ Well, i am sure you are disappointed, but all you can do now is just get back on the diet again and try to be more dedicated. It's hard, I know!
I have a very good friend and her boyfriend made sexual advances towards me. I never did tell my friend, for various reasons, but I feel really guilty and bad about it@! \ It can be hard in those situation I know you don't want to loose a friend in the end.
Yes, and there were financial and personal reasons of her own that is why I didn't tell her. Plus, I really hated to hurt her, but I guess I should have told her. \ Yes you should but when you feel comfortable don't feel guilty you are the victim he is a sad case you got this.
My husband shocked me when he bought me a new kitten for my birthday! It is so cute! \ Oh, lucky you! What's his or her name? 
Her name is Smoky!  My husband knows how badly I've been wanting a kitten. It was sweet! \ That's so wonderful. My boyfriend has a cat named Smoke (I call him Smok) that I love sooo much. Good luck!
I still live and work in the place where I grew up, but all of my friends have moved away. \ Aw, that has to be tough not to see your friends. Do they visit often?
No, everyone's so busy with their lives and work that it's hard to arrange. Most of the people here my age do drugs or stay out all night, so I keep to myself at home, alone. \ How awful! You're much better off staying at home. I hope you find new friends soon!
I like the feature on snapchat that shows you videos you took a year or two ago. \ Yeah, that feature is pretty nifty. Makes it so you don't have to keep hardcopy photo albums anymore! 
Oh for sure.  Sometimes it gets me though when it shows me videos of my son when he was just a baby.  Really gives me the feels. \ I feel you man. Seeing pictures of my baby son tears me right up.
My girlfriend gave me a box of chocolates the other day. I thought it was so sweet of her. \ That's really nice of her!  Was there a special occasion or anything?
Nope! It was just because. It made me feel like she really loved me. \ Dang, kind of reminds me I should probably do something nice for my wife...
My mother recently went to the bank for me. I love her so much. \ That is really nice of her.  It is nice to have someone to help you do things sometimes.
Nice people are the best. Empathy is something we all need more of! \ Yes.  Too many people these days are mean to one another!
Last week someone broke in my house and robbed us. Now I am scared to even live here! \ That's intense. I am sorry to hear that but stay positive!
But its so scary to be here now I am afraid it will happen again. \ I hope that it does not. Is it a bad part of town?
I have an exam tomorrow, but I'm at work pretty late \ That's unfortunate. What type of exam do you have?
It's a finance exam. So many people already dropped out. \ How ironic. Unable to study finances because you're at work making your own.
Oy. I'm on the edge of my seat right now. \ Oh no, what's up?
I finished taking my PA certification exam, and I have to wait weeks to get my results.  \ The anticipation must be crazy.
Our coworker brought in a cake. It was delicious! \ Nice! What kind of cake was it?
I think she called it tres leche. It sounds spanish. \ Those cakes are really good! I believe they are made of dried milk.
I went swimming in the lake yesterday all by myself. It was quite lonesome. \ Was it planned?
Yeah, but all my friends ditched me. I was quite saddened. \ That's terrible. Did they give you a reason?
Ordered some pho, and the delivery guy gave me pizza, too. \ Wow, what a lucky day for you!
Heck yea, I love pizza. Should last me a few days. \ Pizza is my absolute favorite, I could eat it for the rest of my life.
My friend's new boyfriend is so good looking, I wish I could get a guy that cute. \ aw looks isn't everything.
They are when a guy looks like HIM. \ Wow. I've gotta see this guy then.
So college is starting up soon and I'm worried I won't be able to deal with the workload again. \ School can be tough. How many credits are you taking on?
I wanna say 14 credit hours for engineering classes. I have a part time job too I work 20 hours a week at. \ Engineering is already tough. If you can get through this, I'd say you'll be very successful in life.
I worked so hard on this project, but my professor said it was horrible but didn't want to fail me \ How unprofessional of your professor to say that! What was your project over?
It was a marketing project. Apparently, it wouldn't have convinced her to invest in the product. \ Silver lining: she said she didn't want to fail you, so at least you passed your project.
I been out of school for about 5 years I am finally going back to college. \ Is this a career change?
Yes I am going for nursing I can't wit I am over joyed going to be hard work but I got this. \ Oh hey, I'm a nursing graduate! It'll be difficult at first, but you'll get the hang of it.
I should be helping chip in on a friend's birthday, but I only put in $5 \ Atleast you gave something it's the thought that counts right.
I wish I could give more.  \ As long as she knows where your intentions are the amount doesn't matter we all wish we can do more but we do what we can don't be down.
I stole some candy from Party City when I was a kid. I was so afraid that the cops were going to nab me. \ Oh man, I bet you didn't sleep for weeks!
I didn't! And it was only a few chocolate coins. Definitely not worth it. \ No, it wasn't. I bet you learned your lesson not to steal pretty quickly.
An old friend of mine is a medium and told me she connected with my grandfather recently. \ That's so cool! What did you think about that?
I thought it was pretty weird at first and I am skeptical but it was interesting. \ Very interesting. Maybe I should look into that to connect to my great grandmother.
I cheated on my test yesterday. I'm not sure if it was worth it. \ How did you cheat?
I looked at the other student's test beside me. Felt kinda guilty. \ Hopefully, you pass at least.
At the end of the day when I was small at summer camp I looked like no one would pick me up. \ Oh dang. Did anyone come eventually?
Eventually my mom came. She was just running a little late. \ Well, at least you weren't left there for all eternity.
I thought about my first kiss on my ride home from work today. \ Reminiscing on memories how old was you are ya'll still together?
That must've been when I was in first grade. A long time ago, but the sunshine and a warm breeze always makes me remember. \ So young lol well at least it's a good memory and the good weather makes you happy and think about it. 
We lost our faily dog she had been with us since I was 15 years old. \ Aw, that sucks. Did you give her a proper burial?
Yes we did my mom loved her so much especially when me and my brither moved out she is hurt and down so bad. \ Awwww, I am so sorry. Have you thought about getting a new pup?
i just went to a wedding this weekend, it was very emotional. \ They usually are. Who's wedding did you go to?
it was my cousin's, it was intense because i grew up with him you know.  \ Of course! I'm sure he appreciated you being there!
So college is starting up soon and I feel more ready than ever to do well this year! \ oh you're gonna be awesome i bet!
Thanks, I'm going to try! Last semester wasn't bad but I procrastinated more than I should have. \ yeah that always happens, don't be hard on yourself as long you do great
i was thinking about my leftover Chinese food, came home and someone had eaten it \ I hate it when that happens. You should get a lock for the fridge.
yeah i though about it \ Some people just have no consideration. You deserve to eat your leftover Chinese.
I finally go on vacation next week. I can't wait. \ i bet your excited, wish i was you
I have been waiting for a long time. I will have such a good time. \ good for you, send me a post card, enjoy
Do you think your friends are looking out for you? \ I only have a couple really good friends who are always there for me. The rest of my friends don't really care about me that much.
I feel the same way. Maybe it's normal? \ Yeah, we have to watch out for ourselves. At least we won't let us down, lol.
It was so creepy when I saw a black cat following me on my walk. I was scared it was a shapeshifter. \ Like from harry potter?
Yeah, I thought maybe it was Dumbledore but when I got home and turned around it was gone. I later saw it eating some mice in the yard. \ Dumbledore is one of my favorite characters of a ll time
I loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower \ Well that's nice of you. Did he give you anything in return?
Nope. They used most of their money on the home. They forgot they would need to mow it. They only have one lightbulb \ Wow. I wonder how they even saw that the grass needed to be cut living in darkness.
My cat spit up a hairball into my shoes today. \ Well, at least he/she feels better now? Sorry about your shoes.
I was so mad her! Those were ten million dollar shoes! \ Wow. I didn't know shoes could cost that much!
I quit a 80k job for a 20k job after paying off the house. \ Wow, that's quite the career leap! What made you do it?
I was just really miserable. \ That makes sense to me. Money doesn't always equate to happiness. Hope you are doing better now!
So I just had an amazing dinner and am now relaxing in my room. I feel very at ease. \ Nice. What was dinner?
Surprisingly enough, a pizza from the bowling alley. I never said that I was picky! \ I haven't met a pizza I didn't like yet.
I miss my dog. I wish I would've spent more time with her when she was alive. \ Aw, I'm sorry. Losing a pet is very hard. I recently lost a cat. It hurts.
I'm sorry for your loss as well. They are really like family. \ Thank you. Yes, even though it's been a month since we said goodbye, I still look for him around the house. 
I was so terrified, but I went skydiving a few weeks ago! \ Oh wow! Are you afraid of heights at all?
I'm deathly afraid of heights! I'm so glad I was able to overcome my fear because it was a great experience! \ That's great! Maybe I should conquer my fear of heights that way, too!
After going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college \ Wow, that's incredible! Good for him.
Yea, I'm pretty happy for him. I'm sure he'll do a lot for society. \ I think so too, he knows what it's like to be down and out and to work hard for his own success.
I am sick and need treatment but not sure if I want to go through with it. \ I'm sorry to hear about that. What are the risks if you were to go through with it?
All sorts of things, headaches, it may not work, it could give me other fatal issues. \ That is definitely risky. Is the alternative of staying sick better?
I aced my final math exam today. I was so hyped. \ That's awesome! Math is pretty tough.
It is! I studied a ton though. It looks like it worked out. \ Glad all that studying worked out!
Visited my mom last weekend and remember all the times we fought. We fought over such little things \ Aw, I am sorry to hear that. Are things better now between the two of you?
Yea, it's a lot better. I guess we needed the distance. \ Distance is sometimes the best healer. Glad to hear things are patched up.
my son is teething really bad and he is so inconsolable that breaks my heart. i can't wait till these molars cut thru \ I remember my kids going through that. Do you have teething rings for him?
I do but he doesn't like them. he can barely eat his mouth hurts so bad \ Poor boy. I hope he gets through it soon.
My dog has been acting flaky recently. I am worried he might be having some health problems. \ Oh no :( did you take him to the vet? what kind of dog is it?
I will take him tomorrow. I hope it is nothing serious. I have a Great Dane. \ Those are such smart dogs! I hope it's nothing
I'll be giving my first speech in a long time next weekend. \ That can be scary! Do you feel prepared?
I'm terrified of public speaking. I'm not sure! \ You'll be okay! Use the age old public speaking advice, picture everyone in their underwear! Good luck!
I recently underwent surgery and radiation for breast cancer. I'm feeling optimistic because the doctor said everything went well! \ I hope it turns out well!
Thank you! It was quite an ordeal, but I'm glad it's behind me and I can continue living my life! \ It must be such a relief. I'm happy for ya.
I think I will be very busy Monday night playing my new game. \ What is the game about you must love games it will take up your whole night.
World of warcraft. I'v got a deeper reason then it being a game- it's how i meet my husband. \ Really that is a cool story to tell when asked how you 2 met did ya'll play online together a lot?
Starting a new job can be different on my first day last month I can say that was me. \ Yea, a new job is useless pretty stressful.
I would say I was more nervous then anything I think the new setting was over whelming but a month later I feel a lot better now.  \ It will be ok in the end.
I baked a cake for my girlfriend. Never baked before. \ Nice! How did it turn out?
I'm not sure. Waiting to give to her actually. \ I am sure she will like it as long as you followed the recipe.
I have my final math exam tomorrow. I think I am going to crush it. \ That's awesome! Good luck to ya.
Thanks! I feel like all the time I spent studying is really going to pay off. \ Are you a math major?
I made a pizza with cheese, eggs, onions and tofu. It sounds crazy, but I think it's wonderful. \ That's an interesting combination. Did you make it up off the top of your head?
I normally put eggs and onions on pizza anyway. Just trying the tofu for some extra protein. \ I like how creative you got with it, I'll need to try it sometime.
I am so jittery over starting my new job tomorrow. \ New jobs nerves is pretty normal. Get a good rest!
If only I could fall asleep! \ Oh man, that nervous, hu?
My father almost died. His recent health problems have been devastating. \ That's so sad, I hope you've gotten over it.
It is tough, but I think I will make it. \ That's good, death is a natural part of life.
I just got this $500 phone, and it's already broken. \ Dang, that sucks. Do you have an insurance policy on it?
Yea. It's within the return period. \ Nice. At least you won't lose any money.
My daughter said her first word yesterday. Never been so proud! \ That's adorable! What was the word?
It was "money"! I hope that means she is going to be successful one day. \ Oh my. That is quite a unique first word!
I am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person I care about at times. \ Yeah, it can be tough. Especially if you're in a heated argument.
Yes or when they try and bait you.  It is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. It requires a LOT of strength and tough love. \ I know right?!? Sometimes it's just best to be quiet, even though you know you are right, to help things get better.
My dog took a crap on my new rug yesterday. \ I know how you feel! I don't have carpet in my living room for that reason- Sometimes they have accidents. I hate poo accidents especially!
I know! I was very irritated cleaning it up, but I quickly got over it. She is in the learning process after all. \ Oh yes, best to have her not alone ever during this time.
I am really happy I had enough money to correct a bank mistake today. \ Was it yours or the bank's fault?
Well it was a bank mistake based on a company charging me early. I normally wouldn't have $200 extra dollars sitting around. So it was good! \ If it was the bank's mistake, even if you didn't have enough money, they're responsible for fixing it.
My girlfriend is fostering 3 cats. She's such a sweetheart. \ That's perfection. I rescue animals as well.and have many more cats then that lol. It is very needed to help cats
Wow. I really admire peopel who put themselves out there to help animals. \ Me too! It's very hard sometimes, like running an orphanage but it is rewarding as well!
I still have my first gaming PC. It reminds me of my best friend. \ How old is it? Did you guys play on it a lot together?
It's about 6 years old now I think. Nah, I built a new one since then. \ That's cool, I don't know the first thing about building my own pc.
I really believe my therapist has my best interests at heart. \ Did he/she say something you may disagree with?
Sometimes she can be a little harsh. \ That sounds unprofessional. I thought they were supposed to sound neutral.
I won free grocery! I kinda of wish I would have bought more now, haha. \ I didn't know such a thing existed! What store?
Mina's market. It's local. \ Oh! That's a nice program. Well getting any amount of groceries for free is nice, but yes too bad it wasn't a supermarket sweep
I have not been in the best mood today. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Is something wrong?
Oh many things, I guess it manifests in making everything get on my nerves. I hope I feel better tomorrow because I hate being in a bad mood ever. \ LIttle things build up sometimes. I hope you feel better as well.
I got this pizza with 7 toppings and extra cheese. It's heaven. \ Was it Domino's pizza?
Yea lol. How'd you know? \ Because I love Domino's so that's the only pizza I think of!
One day I ran to answer the door after the bell rang. \ Oh who was there?!
The mail man to deliver me my iphone 7 that I ordered. \ Oh sweet. How's the new phone?
I come home from work and my parents always seem to be arguing. It's very frustrating. \ Oh that's not good. Do they argue about small things?
Yes they do. They act like children and I am essentially the most mature/responsible one in the house. \ Yikes, that shouldn't be. I think you've really stepped up in this situation. Hopefully they can see that and change their ways.
I went to work today and someone parked in my designated spot. Turns out they didn't even work there. I was so p'd off. \ That would really annoy me! Did you end up taking any action against them? I know some companies will tow a vehicle that does that.
I reported it to my boss as soon as I walked to work from a far away spot. Not sure if anything was done about it though. I hope it was... \ Man, the nerve on some people. I would never take somebody's spot if they have a sign up for it!
I was at a restaurant tonight and watched this man eat 5 plates of foods from the buffet. It was gross. \ What a glutton. Did he happen to have a mountain of crab legs?
Ha ha, no.  I could understand seafood but this was piles of meat and potatoes and then a plates piled with desserts.  How can a stomach take it? \ Man, I feel bad for his stomach. It's probably as worn out and bloated as my great granddad.
My son, the devious scamp, stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. Never been so disappointed in him. \ 50?  That might be a world record or something.  How did you find out?
Well, I was off to the freshly stocked cookie jar and there were none left! I figured his aching stomach was punishment enough. His agony was quite palpable. \ I guess he learned his lesson.  Only eat 25.  ha ha.
I think storms are wonderful, except when the power goes out. \ I love storms too but yeah, that's a nuisance.
It was extra loud and my husband was at work, bit scary. \ Yikes! Lightning didn't strike real close by, did it?
I love the show Rugrats, watching that show is one of my most beloved childhood memories. \ I agree, I loved that show so much when I was little.
There's nothing better than 90s cartoons. \ I agree, what's your favorite?
I felt very sad for someone I know who has a mental illness and works so hard sometimes to get better..but then other times they destroy it all. \ Mental illness is very tough to deal with it by themselves.
Yes..but it's even harder on the caregivers... I felt very compassionate for them today though ...as here they are working hard again. The rollercoaster is not easy...I feel sad for them today. \ Who are the caregivers? His/her parents? Or Children?
I ate the last ramen we had. \ Are you in trouble?
I may be, but I think my roomie is pretty cool. \ Well they can be, but make sure you buy it next time. Ramen is super cheap :)
My friend bought a new car. This makes me so jealous! \ No,u don't have to be 
It makes me feel inferior. Hopefully I will get over it. \ Yes,u will surely get over it
I was extremely lucky when my girlfriend said she would date me, she is my world now. \ That's wonderful. How long have you guys been dating?
We have been together for close to 5 months now, so not very long haha! \ Time flies by pretty fast. Could be together 10 years from now!
I've lost my job and am behind on my mortgage. It scares me that I could lose my home. \ That's awful, I'm sorry to hear that. I lost my job once as well and times got really hard. What kind of stuff are you doing to try and avoid that outcome?
Thank you. I've been working odd and ends and am looking for a job that pays more of course. How did you overcome that time? \ Well, at the time I was holding out for a similar paying job like I had before but I could not find one and I ended up working fast food. I had to downsize my place as well.
I pulled out a memory box of my kids old crafts the other day. \ That must have been very nostalgic
It really was.  I had forgotten so much of it that it was nice to see it again and remember when they were little.  \ Kids grow up so fast. Gotta cherish every moment sometimes.
My girlfirend is recovering from an eating disorder. \ That is tough.  How is she doing?
She's doing good. Just had to get away from her parents who was always pushing her to be thin when she was a kid. \ That is terrible.  Has she cut off all contact with them?
Me and a classmate compared scores we got on a test. \ How'd it go?
He did better than me. \ That sucks. And you guys studied the same amount?
I'm finally meeting my online girlfriend in person next weekend. \ How do you feel?
I'm totally excited! \ That's great! Hopefully, the meeting goes well.
My pet alligator bit me today. Never been so irritated in my life! \ Pet alligator! Why do you have him as a pet, is he a rescue?
Nope! I got him 20 years ago at a Turkish Bazaar. Little tyke bit my hand clean off. \ Well, I'm not sure about that or how are you typing?! 
Pleased with my new dog today. \ Oh yeah? What did your dog do?
She is learning after just a week, all the commands. She even understands when I am upset now and when she is doing something naughty. \ Awwwww, that's so cool. I remember when my dog was going through all that over a year ago. They learn so fast.
I have a co-worker putting the finishing touches on a big project and work, and I am really putting all my faith in him. \ Nice! What is he working on?
It's a proposal for some new things in our department. I really hope he doesn't blow it haha \ I'm sure he won't. Sounds like he's a hard worker.
My armadillo bit me today. Never felt so irked! \ Oh wow. I wonder what that kind of bite feels like. Did it hurt?
Naw, he's just a little thing. I was just a bit annoyed because I don't want it to be a habit. \ Right, have to train them not to I suppose, if at all possible.
I've been studying for my math exam for the past two weeks. Never felt so ready in my life! \ That is good. When do you have the exam?
I have it tomorrow! Pretty pumped to go in and crush it. \ Good luck.
I have been stealing internet from my neighbor since two months. I feel bad about it. \ Dang. Why don't you just get your own?
I have spme money issues currently. I can'r piad for it. \ That's reasonable. Just make sure you get your own when you have the funds available.
Fall is coming and my family used to have a big festival every year. I wish we still did that. \ That sounds like a lot of fun. What do you do now?
We don't get together anymore. It basically stopped when my Grandpa moved off his farm and passed away later.  It was so fun with pumpkin picking and a huge BBQ.   \ Oh so sorry to hear that. Well maybe you can round them up for something.
My biggest pet peeve is litterbugs. I want to go up to them and scold them for not respecting the environment. \ I completely agree!  I am all about keeping the earth clean, recycling, and low waste living.  They should get bigger fines!
Yeah, maybe someone should litter in their house so they can see how it feels. And don't get me started on cigarette butts... \ I'm right with you.  Oh, cigarette butts gross me out, not to mention second hand smoke which has been found to cause cancer too.
Saw a person who seemed very sick and unhealthy..spit in their hands..sneeze in them..sling it everywhere..then touch the doorhandle to the store \ Oh god. Does that store have sanitizing wipes?
Nope! I just can't believe how gross and selfish they were..If you want your sickness ok..but don't share it with everyone. \ Some people just aren't considerate of others like that.
I gave my friend a makeover. I think her date will be fairly surprised. \ Do you normally do makeovers?
No, she asked if I could help. She's never worn makeup. \ Wow that would be so cool! I don't do makeup good on others. Did you do anything with her hair?
My nephew said his first word today! \ That's wonderful. What was it?
It was "uncle"! I was so proud! \ That's so cute!
I'm going to be across the ocean from my girlfriend for school. \ Nice! Is she happy about it?
No. We're both kind of sad actually. \ That's too bad. Maybe she can come with you?
I was at a bus station and a woman was sitting in the bus station. A homeless person came close and started peeing. \ That sounds about right for the bus station, unfortunately. How did everyone react when they saw it?
We were two at the bus station. I told the woman to get away. She pretend he doesn't exist because he was behind her. It was disgusting. \ Wow. I hope you don't ever have to see anything like that again!
College is starting soon and I'm feeling like I'll be able to stay on top of homework this semester! \ That is good. Will it be a difficult semester?
It probably will be, as I'm studying engineering. I feel confident that I won't procrastinate as much this time though! \ That is good. I am sometime a procrastinator.
I've been stealing my neighbor's internet for awhile now. Feel kinda bad about it. \ Haha, I wouldn't worry about it. There is much worse things you can do. Unless you're doing something you shouldn't be doing online!
Yeah, I know. But it's just something I know I should be paying for. \ Yeah, well maybe you can offer to pay for half of it instead?
My friends didn't invite me out drinking last weekend. They didn't even bother texting me! \ That's terrible! Did you say anything about it?
Yeah, they said they forgot but I think it's because there a guy I don't get along with that went with them. I'm still pissed though. \ Yeah, I would be too. Hopefully they'll invite you in the future.
My dog peed on the carpet today. I was so peeved. \ Oh no, is it a young dog or an older one?
It's a young one, so I can't be too mad. \ Right, puppies are like that. It took mine a year and a half before they weren't having any more accidents like that.
A co-worker of mine just got the promotion they wanted so badly. I feel really proud. \ It's really nice that you feel that way, even though you wanted it. Think you'll get it next time?
Yes, I think I will. No one left but me now, so it's a waiting game haha. \ Well, it certainly sounds like you deserve it. You sound like a good person.
I finally paid off my car and my house. Its such a relief and life with my family couldn't be simpler now. \ That's awesome. Debt really is an awful thing.
It really is.  I've been under that burden along with medical bills so to be clear of it all is something I worked really hard for.  I am happy with life now and there's so much less stress. \ Glad all that hard work paid off for ya. I aspire to get there someday myself.
Applied to another unit and got it. \ Oh wow, that's great.  What unit are you in now and what made you want to change?
I'm in med/surg now. I'm changing for the higher pay. \ That's awesome.  Are you a nurse?  I used to work in the NICU.  It was a wonderful job.  Good luck with your new position.
My friend is pregnant with her 6th kid \ Wow! That is pretty amazing IMO..unless she isn't good with kids..My first almost killed me..and I am terrified to do it again..
I know she's always wanted a big family, but I didn't know she meant 6 kids big. \ Aw well, as long as she is a good mom, more power too her :) Children are great fun.
I am feeling uncomfortable in my body today. \ Oh no. What's going on?
I am not sure why...but ever since my body changed so much in pregnancy..and I am having to work so hard to get it back to normal..somedays I am just uncomfortable and don't want to wear anything and I don't want to go out \ I'm sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about changing your diet and exercise routine?
I have my math final tomorrow and I am so nervous about it. \ Did you at least study?
I did not. That's why I am so nervous. \ ok
I was finally able to do a handstand. \ Nice. How long did that take you to learn?
Months so I was great that I was finally able to do it. \ That's really great. You should go join the circus.
I let out a nasty burp at work yesterday. Everyone heard it! \ Must've been a good burp.
Oh it was, but I thought it was going to be silent. I was so mortified. \ Must've gave them a good chuckle. Don't worry. They'll get over it.
I mistakenly hugged another girl instead of my girlfriend. \ Oh man. Was she mad?
You bet she was! I really thought it was her. Should've worn my glasses. \ Dang. Well, I am sure you won't make that mistake in the future!
I got some fast food today and it was sooo good! \ I bet.  I love fast food soooo much.  What did you have?
Oh lord...The bad one..mcdonalds! lol- I can't have wheat so I can't eat much..I wanted nuggets SO bad too..I don't eat it often..but junk food tastes nice now and again. \ It really does.  I feel your pain on the no wheat policy.  I used to eat fast food all of the time and now I am a no wheat no oil vegan, so No fast food.
Oh you know, I need to go vegan as well! So much has wheat in it. Most of the vegan stuff here does. I am in the midwest and I can't have too much fruit..I don't like most veggies and I am on keto :/ SIGH! I am getting there though. You can have fries though unless youre a celiac!  \ I'm not celiac, but I just eat whole food plant based.  It has been hard for me because I also hate vegetables (not good for a vegan) but I drink a lot of fresh vegetable juices and whole food smoothies to get the nutrients in.  I feel so much better now, though, that I can't go back.  Check out the Happy Pear on youtube, they have great vegan recipes.
I am in a RAW group, I just don't have the kitchen space and money yet to commit too it but I am working towards it! That IS the best diet ever! Kudos to you for taking care of your health! Even fries can get me so sick sometimes, I am pretty much allergic/intolerant to MOST foods- I keep saying that I just need to do fruits and veggies- I also have SIBO I am trying to get rid of...Dairy...meat..sugar...carbs..NON organic food..Dyes/chemicals..Sensitive to it ALL lol! \ I am very sorry to hear all of that, it is a little more expensive, but I found I feel so much better I can actually work more o make up the difference.  Check out Dr. Michael Greger, too if you haven't he is a great resource as well.
I ate so much I broke through my Lap Band. \ Oh no!! When did this happen?
It was about 6 years ago.  It was a real turning point in my life.  I knew I had to change, and it was really embarrassing to have to tell my doctor. \ Oh, I feel you! I used to be a food addict as well when I was younger. It is a hard habit to break! It's amazing how far you have come though! So many don't realize that fresh real food make a difference and you feel so good when you get real nutrition!
I lost my favorite shirt and I wanted to wear it for a concert. \ That's too bad! Do you know if you can buy a new one before the show?
I looked but I can't find anything like it anywhere. Guess I will have to settle for something else. \ Yea, maybe you can find an alternative. I lost a few shirts over the years before too, it's no fun.
I'm planning a surprise party for my brother. I already have all the supplies ready to throw a bash! \ I wouldn't be able to keep a surprise like that!
Yeah, I have all the balloons, food and gifts stashed in my basement! \ Sounds like you're ready to go!
I recently heard a music artist for the first time in a long time that brought me back to my childhood. \ Awww, what fun.  That must have been so nostalgic for you!  I wish I was back in childhood again sometimes.
It sure was! I enjoy reliving the memories, things were often simpler and more carefree back then. \ I saw a toy that they are bringing back from a couple decades ago when I was a kid and wow, it was so neat to see!
I am getting transferred out of the country for my job. I sold my house and all my furniture and am ready to go start a new life. \ Wow, that's quite the shift! Did you have any difficulties leaving things behind you?
I will miss my family but I'm kind of ready for something new and exciting.  I am a list maker and always ready so this is out of my comfort zone. \ Best of luck to you, I hope everything works out great in the end!
My dog pooped on my carpet. I was so mad! \ Was the dog upset about something or was he/she just telling you whose boss?
I think she was just telling me who is boss haha. I put her outside immediately to contemplate her mistake. \ She probably bad mouthed you while out there.
My friend lost her job. I'm glad she paid off her home though \ That's too bad. Maybe she will find a new one soon.
I hope so, too. In the meantime, at least she doesn't have any big expenses. \ That's always a plus. I am sure that will make the search less stressful.
My dog pooped on the carpet. I was so peeved! \ Is the dog potty trained?
She is! Which was why I was irked! \ That's why I don't have carpeting.
I haven't seen my friend in 4 years, and she was at my doorstep yesterday. \ That's really nice! Did you guys reconnect?
We did! I'm really glad she reached out. \ It's always great to reconnect to old friends.
I recently met a new person that I am very fond of. I want to give her my love and care. \ That is very special and I am so happy for you.
I am very happy, too. Do you have someone special in your life? \ Yes, married for 15 years and it is still great.
I was so afraid to go to sleep as a child. \ Fear when you are a child can be so gripping.  What were you afraid of?
I was afraid that there was a monster under my bed! \ That is really terrifying.
I can't stand it when my wife hugs other men. I know it doesn't mean anything, but still. \ That is really mean. Why does she do it?
She is just saying hello to old friends, but I get so mad. \ I would too if my wife did that. It's alright, man.
So I consider myself a decent bowler but my brother came out of nowhere, he's actually really skilled. I'm kind of shocked actually. \ Wow. Sibling's got skills.
For sure. I am here doing the traditional bowling style and he is spinning the ball across the lane getting strikes often. He makes me look bad! \ How long has he been bowling?
My favorite restaruant closed down, so I'm trying a new one. \ That's unfortunate! What style food did your favorite restaurant serve?
dim sum. I looked forward to it every weekend. \ Dim sum, huh? I haven't heard of that before. What exactly is that?
My date sure ate a lot for a small girl. \ Where did you take her?
It was a Mexican restaurant. \ What did she eat on your date?
I am not happy I didn't get to buy a new car. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Are you saving more?
Yes, but with my bills getting higher it will be tough. \ Yea. You should definitely hold off on buying a new car for now.
I was eating lunch today at school and some woman let out the biggest fart I've ever heard. I almost spit my food out.  \ Oh my god!! she must have been raised in a barn!
Yes that's what I was thinking. I mean, couldn't she have at least went somewhere more private! \ Like a bathroom maybe!  some people really just dont understand manners.
Once when I was a kid i hugged this man I thought was my dad and looked up to realize it was a random. \ Haha, that's funny you mention that. I seen the same thing happen to a girl when I was at the grocery story one time.
I didnt know how to feel, I would say I was confused most of all. \ Yeah, it must be a pretty embarrassing moment. Although it's an honest mistake.  
My neighbor returned my possum yesterday. \ You have one as a pet?
I do! I thought he was dead, but then he was just playing dead. I was so grateful towards my neighbor. \ That's great, losing a pet would have been awful.
I am so nervous to start my new job tommorrow. \ I am sorry to hear that, I am sure you will be fine. What kind of job is it?
it's a desk job. Its my first time in a place like this. \ Well, it shouldn't be too bad. If you couldn't do the work I'm sure they wouldn't have hired you.
Sometime I envy my coworkers because some of them have a better career than me. \ Yeah, I sometimes do that as well. But, as long as the bills are getting paid, I guess you can't complain.
You are right but sometime I can't keep think about it, mainly when the coworker is not smart. \ True. But, you can't help stupid people from getting high paying jobs. I am a prime example.
My dog ran away yesterday. I am so distraught. \ Is the first time that he ran away?
It is! I don't know if he will come home... \ Then it is a little bit scary. Did you try to find him?
My friend just transferred to my school. I'm so happy \ That sounds awesome! Have you guys been friends long?
Yea, since we were in diapers practically.  \ That's pretty cool. You guys must have a good relationship. 
I was at a hockey game and bought a ticket on a draw for a new car.  \ How'd it go?
Well, I'm hopeful although statistics are definitely not on my side. I have a 1 in a 10,000 chance to win! \ I wish you luck anyway!
So I had a customer sign the wrong form today. I feel kind of bad because I'll have to have them sign the right thing next time and I'll look incompetent. \ That's a bummer. At least you will be more attentive next time?
For sure, that is a silver lining. Mistakes happen I suppose, can't expect to be perfect! \ Indeed. If everyone got worked up over things like that, we'd all be out of jobs.
My cat pooped on the carpet the other day. I was so mad! \ That's disgusting! Why are cats so rude?
I know, right?!?!? She needs to learn her place! \ I hope that that was the last time you have to clean up any messes! Sending my prayers!
My school is low income, but we score in the top 5% statewide. \ Really?
Yep. We get looked down on so much, but I think some schools are gonna rethink their attitudes now. \ I would like to come there and see it, how are you doing it?
Have you ever been out to sea? \ I haven't actually. Have you?
I was in the Navy, wish I could do it again? \ I've heard good things about the Navy and also how tough it is.
Been studying really hard for my final exam tomorrow. Never felt so ready! \ That's awesome! Good luck on your finals!
Thanks! I am sure I will crush it. \ Don't forget to get some rest though.
I found a new restaurant, and they charge about $5 per dish. \ Nice! What kind of food do they serve?
They serve authentic mexican food.  \ That sounds incredibly tasty. I think I will have to go there.
My family is very loving. They care about me so much. \ That's good to have a loving family.
I agree. I hope you are also close to your family! \ I am i love them very much. However we live on opposite parts of the country.
I found a bird in my backyard that had a broken wing. I took it inside to look after it! \ That's so kind of you!
Yeah, I gave it a splint and fed it food for a few weeks. It's all better now and we released it back into the wild. \ aw I'm so happy for it. Do you miss it?
My girlfriend cooked for me all week while I was sick, although she had to work and go to school. \ Wow, that's pretty nice of her. I wish my girlfriend would cook for me!
She's a true sweetheart. I'm sure your girlfriend does other things for ya! \ Yes she certainly does! I guess she makes up for it in other ways!
My friends threw me a surprise party yesterday. \ That's awesome! Was it your birthday?
It was! I got so many cool gifts. I was so surprised. My friends are the best! \ They sound great! Happy birthday to you!
So I went on a road trip to Utah a few months ago after my friends backed out. It was awesome but I did miss them. \ That sounds incredible. Did you visit the Great Salt Lake?
No I didn't get around to that area! I did visit Arches and Canyonlands national parks though. Even though I was by myself, would do again! \ Man, I definitely have to go there. Sounds like a great place for sightseeing.
I was so scared to sleep alone when I was a little kid. \ I think that's normal. What were you afraid of?
I was afraid that there were a bunch of monsters in my closet! \ Must've been really terrifying. What did your parents do?
This 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. We all cried. \ That is so sad. What happened to her mom?
Her dad has passed away, and her mom is working on her own to support them. \ That is really said. I hope that she gets a new mom some day.
I am getting my exam results back tomorrow and I feel scared to even look. \ I am sure you did fine. Did you study hard?
Thanks, I did study pretty well (I thought). I suppose I'll have to look at them eventually. \ It will be fine! You'll be staring at an A before you know it!
I went to the park the other day. It was so nice relaxing reading a book under the tree. \ Oh my that does sound really relaxing. The weather was nice?
It was! The sun was shining and I felt so content. \ That's great. I'm glad you got to feel that feeling.
I went to the park all by myself yesterday. It was so lonesome. \ That is no fun! I have been feeling lonely lately too, Where are your frineds?
I was! My friends ditched me...I couldn't believe they would do such a thing. \ That is lame! what was their excuse?
My little sister came in crying saying she didnt get accepted to any college! \ Oh no! Does she have any applications outstanding?
NO! I cant believe it,  Maybe she needs to apply at some less prestigious schools. \ True. Sometimes you have to lower your standards to something more realistic.
My kid has been staying late at school so much lately. \ That's kinda sad. Is he studying or something?
I think so. I hope she doesn't push herself too hard. \ Yeah, pushing herself could end up to her having a horrible life.
Some dude was staring at my girlfriend tonight at dinner. Made me feel some type of way. \ I would've been angry.
You're telling me! I took my two slices of pizza and slapped him upside the head with them! \ That's funny and also kind of a waste of pizza.
So my brother got my dream vehicle as his first car. I am feeling a certain way about this! \ Oh my god, Do you think he got it just because you like it so much?
I don't think so actually, I haven't let him know that I love that type in particular so much haha. I am definitely wishing it was mine though! \ That is hilarious, In a cruel kind of way.
Without the help of my professor I would have failed my first english class! \ They sound very helpful and caring! Would you take their classes again?
Yes! she made sure I aways had a study guide, and I was always prepared! \ Awesome! That makes me glad that there are still teachers and professors that truly care!
Tomorrow is payday...I am looking forward too it and NOT in a few ways \ Why aren't you looking forward to it?
I don't know what will happen. But either way I am not letting it bother me. \ I hope it turns out well whatever it is.
My friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused. \ She is a saint!
She indeed is. I knew she was kind hearted but even this surprised me. \ I don't know how anyone could turn an abused child away..it's not easy but they need help.
Clocked out of work , and i checked my messages  and my friend said my brothers house just got broken into \ Whoa that's terrible. Did the police catch the robber?
They put a warrant out for his arrest , and that is all they can do for right now we are all pretty angry right now  \ Yes I would be too. I hope you catch them and I hope he didn't loose too much stuff.
My partner leaves abroad for work for long periods of time. I am always respectful and never do anything that would hurt our relationship. \ Thats a strong relationship , im happy to hear people like you still exist in this world
Yeah, I wish I could say the same thing about some of my friends. They even brag about cheating sometimes. \ thats disgusting , then why even be in a relationship waisting someones time
I just ate a granola bar with a bit of chocolate in it. \ Nice! Was it tasty?
Yes, organic one- I shouldn't have sugar but it's low in it- I feel happy and full-  \ I love having that feeling. Especially after eating a healthy snack!
I start my new job tomorrow and I am so nervous about it. \ Oh lord, I bet! Do you start early and what is it?
I do! I start at 4AM. I'm a cobbler in a Nike sweatshop. I signed up because they have some really awesome health benefits once you reach the age of 90! \ That's comical. Most of us don't reach 90.
I stole my friend's Pokemon card when we were 7. I still feel guilty about it. \ Wow, 7 years? You were really young then
Yes \ But did you tell your friend about it later?
I expected something good, that was why things are working well for me now \ That's great news to hear. I hope things continue to stay great for you.
Of course, it is good not to lose yourself when things are difficult \ I agree. I think that difficult times are best navigated with a calm mind.
My dog pooped on the rug yesterday. I was so mad at her! \ That happened to someone else today too! That is a bummer but is she just a puppy?
She is! So I knew I couldn't be mad at her forever. I got over it quite quickly. \ That is good. You are better then me..I rescue but I would hate having that on something new.
Haven't seen my neighbor in days..he was sitting on his porch almost 24.7 for a week..now no lights and all is quiet. \ That's kinda creepy. What do you think happened to him?
I do not know...I am creeped out as he had two dogs who he was VERY close too...and they just disappeared..I fear he is starving them and locking them inside..he is mentally ill for a few months now- And he says strange things..yells at me..But I am not surethe police will come check on him..They are So corrupt here...And also what can they do if he doesn't answer the door? \ Hmmmm...Maybe he just went on vacation?
I'm going on vacation tomorrow and have everything packed. I've never felt this prepared in my life! \ Wow. Where ya going?
I'm going to the North Pole! Can't wait to wrestle some polar bears and drink coca cola! \ I don't think the polar bears are gonna let you near their coke, man.
This little girl was dancing at her family's restaurant. She's gonna be a star. \ That's really neat. What kind of dance was it?
I think it was hiphop. She is really talented. \ Wow, sounds pretty impressive!
i knew i shouldnt have trusted by brother to care for my dog \ Oh no. What happened?
got out of the gate, and ran away \ How long ago was this?
This house is kinda empty without the kids. \ where did they go
They have their own families now. \ oh .. do they visit often? 
i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door \ Your car door?
yep \ Was it parked at home? That sucks
I was stunned by the amount of people getting last minte school supplies. \ was it tax free weekend?
That was last weekend. The stores were still crowded today. I'm gad I got those things weeks ago. \ ah.. that sounds like a smart move.
Turns out my professor is millionaire. \ Wow really? That's interesting. And yet he still teaches? 
Yep. He's one of the more popular teachers, too. \ I guess he really does do it for the passion of teaching then.
I'm feeling very happy at the moment. \ That's good to hear. What's going on?
I have a meeting this weekend with some old friends that I haven't seen in a long time. \ It's good to reunite with them again, hu?
I was in a 5k marathon last weekend and I won first place! \ That's pretty awesome. Do you usually run marathons?
I do sometimes. I trained really hard for this one. \ Glad your hard work paid off. Was this marathon for a good cause?
I'm so glad I have enough money saved in case anything happens. \ That's a really good idea, smart thinking! 
Thank you. I sacrificed a lot to save this much. \ Well hopefully nothing bad will happen and you won't need to use it.
it made me mad when i saw a dent in my car door last week \ Oh no, do you know what caused it?
someone elses door  \ Oh god. I'm guessing they didn't take responsibility?
My friend is taking 18 credit hours this semester \ oh wow.. do you think they can handle it?
I hope so. I know she's trying to save on tuition by doing this. \ thats a good idea then if she can manage it 
Last year I lost my dog. \ Sorry to hear that! Losing pets is tough, it's essentially losing a family member.
Yes indeed! I felt very sentimental, when we buried him. \ I hope you find the peace that you deserve and know your pet loved you!
So I want to buy a new vehicle but I'm nervous about pulling the trigger on it. \ Ohh, I feel you. I felt the same way, when I was planning to buy a new car.
Yep. Like, my current car is dying, but I almost literally want to drive it until it no longer runs at all. \ Yeah. I believe you are emotionally attached to it!
My son started writting. He is three years old. He is making so much progress. \ Wow! That is awesome!
I keep helping him to pratice. It is really awesome. \ Will he be in school this year?
My daughter is starting pre-k tomorrow \ That is nice. How old is she?
she is 4. She loves learning. I know she will do great this year \ That is awesome.
Now that I live alone, I miss having dinner with my parents \ Oh, pity. Speak with them daily.
You're lucky. I live too far from mine to see them. \ I'm away from my family for the past 10 years.
I'm loyal to my neighbor family. \ That's good to hear. Have they been there for you in the past?
Yeah, They helped me in the risky situation when I was alone. \ That's so kind of them. I'm glad you're repaying their kindness.
I can't wait to enjoy my vacation, pending it doesn't rain the whole time. \ I hope it doesn't rain. Where are you going?
Panama City Beach, FL. I am really looking forward to the beach and resting in my suite. \ That's great. I have been there before. It used to be a Spring Break hotspot.
I one time lost my trunks in the pool! People saw me in a way I didn't want! \ Oh no! That must have been super embarrassing! How did you react to that?
I covered my body and then went to the bathroom and got a towel! \ My goodness, well I guess that happens to all of us at least once.
I worked so hard this semester, but I overslept for my final exam. \ were you able to make it up?
I'm still waiting to hear back from the professor. \ oh good luck!
i was upset when moviepass pulled the movies from their app so we couldnt purchase tickets \ What. Are they still viable?
nah they are always on the brink of going belly up. they are playing games with customers to prevent them from purchasing tickets \ Will you get a refund?
PEople are crazy now a days. I watched people try to take a gas can from my yard! \ Wow why would they even do that?
It was during a power outage during a hurricane,  still made me mad. \ Sheesh, people will take anything that's not nailed down these days.
My grades come in tomorrow for my language exam. Crossing fingers for a good result... \ I hope you did a really great job.
Thanks, I do too. I am going to stay confident that I got the grade I want. \ That's all you can do at this point 
My mom dropped off food for me out of the blue. \ That was so nice of her! What kind of food?
It's Ethiopian I think. I didn't even know she can cook Ethiopian food. \ Wow, that's impressive. A very exotic dish for sure!
So my car wouldn't start today after work. I kind of hate my car! \ That's terrible to hear. Is it old?
Oh yes, very old. It's a 2002 and while I've had it for 6 years now, I'm finally starting to grow tired of it. \ Are you thinking of getting a new car?
I have a big tennis match tomorrow against my rival. \ Tennis? I am terrible at that game
I've been playing for years so I'm pretty good. Definitely good enough to beat her! \ Well if you were playing me you would definitely win
I used to go out with my girlfriends all the time \ That sounds like fun. Do you not go out with them anymore?
They all do couples things now. I am single. \ Hey being single isn't that bad! You'll find your soulmate one day when the time is right.
i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work \ i would feel the exact same way , how come it did not work ?
