It was a happy moment that day I checked my result, I was so afraid but later it varnished \ Hahaha hope you did very well
Of course, very excellent result \ That's good....  I did well too
I was very expectant of money last week \ So, did you get it?
Noo, but hopefully I will get it this week \ That is cool. Definitely you will
I went to the optometrist, and my prescription got strong. She warned me about being at risk for losing my vision. \ That's not good. I know my eyes hurt when staring at the bright white screen on computers . So I change them to a darker color when possible.
Oh yes. That is smart. After the warning, I use the screen dimming program called f.lux. \ Haven't tried that yet, but I have heard of it. I will check it out. thanks !
My old high school is being sold and turned into an old people's apartment complex. Sad to see it go.  \ Nostalgia. Is there another HS nearby for the kids to go to?
Yes, They consolidated and it's awful. The kids now have a thirty minute bus ride one way to school. \ That's pretty terrible. Thirty minutes in a day pretty much just commuting one way. School is already tough.
I'm so looking forward to college football season, Saturdays are going to be awesome! \ Fun friends and good food. Who is your team?
Oklahoma Sooners!  But I enjoy just veging out and watching games all Saturday! \ Boomer Sooner!
I just took visited my friend in the hospital that had a baby. I love being around new borns.  \ Ah, that's awesome, it's always a joy to see a new born baby experiencing it's first view of the world!
It is, those quiet snuggle naps. Makes me miss my kiddo being little.  \ How old are your kiddos now?
I'm so grateful to have awesome neighbors, they look after my house when I'm on vacation! \ That must be nice. You can focus more on enjoying yourself while away.
Yep, and I trust them a lot so no worries at all! \ That is awesome. They must really like you.
I made in A in all of my classes last semester. I have never done that before. I am really happy with myself.  \ Congratulations! That is great, definitely will help your gpa.  Plan on doing the same this semester?
You bet. I will continue to work hard. The payoff is well worth it. \ That's the way to do it, you will be thankful you did in the long run!
I'm scared to go to the cottage \ It is a big change. What is scaring you?
I don't like bugs! \ I hate bugs too. You should exterminate before you move in
My kids were sweet when they wre babies \ Aw, are they not anymore?
They are bundles of never ending energy now lol \ LOL! I hear that :)
When I was a kid, I would bake a cake for my dad's birthday and take it to his job at the fire station. \ That's incredibly sweet. That's like the best birthday gift too, since it probably tasted really good, but then showed your time and effort all in one. I heard once to make them taste like a professional made it, you just add like extra eggs and sugar and butter or something
That's a good tip! His birthday is coming up and I'm going to reinstate the tradition. He's retired now, but spends Tuesday's playing dominos with his buddies. I'm gong to surprise him then. \ Damn.. hope when I have kids that they're like you. That all sounds great. You'll probably make all of his friends jealous
Smacked a fly on my desk earlier. Was really happy that I finally killed it.. noticed it was really big.. looked closer to see why.. and it had lil babies crawling out of it onto my desk! Didn't feel like eating lunch after that \ Oh my gosh that's disgusting!!! I hate when there are flying things buzzing around Soo annoying
I let it make me much more annoyed than it should have.. to the point where I was snapping at other people unnecessarily just because of how mad it was making me. But yeah, not gonna lie, felt a little satisfied too that I prevented it from creating more little nuissances \ Seriously. I wonder where those babies would have been laid? You probably saved someone's lunch from being a birthing suite.
I won first place in a chili cooking competition at work today. \ Did you get a nice prize for it?
A $50  gift card and bragging rights. \ That's amazing, how many people entered?
About 15. \ Huge win, do you plan on entering again next year?
I'll probably give it a try. They do little events like this a few times a year. \ Maybe if there's a hot dog one I can enter it too.
I could've believe my eyes seeing my mom walk down the isle and getting her degree. \ Congradulations you must be very proud of her! What is her degree in?
She ended up getting an arts degree! \ I think that's great to hear. Does she already have an art gallery started?
She has just recently got in to painting, would you like to see it? \ I would love to but we can't share images on here :(
I was going to invite you to see her work sometime! \ I enjoy watching art. Maybe I'll hapen across some of it!
I bought groceries to make the kids' school lunches \ What kind of lunches do you like to pack for them?
Sandwiches and fruit usually. I have to go back to the store though \ Fingerfoods are always good kid lunches. And I hate having to go to the dang grocery store!
So, my mom thinks she's sooo funny every christmas because she always wraps up one of the gifts in a poptart box (or something similar). The big surprise this year was I opened my present up and it really was just poptarts this time. \ Lol! That is hilarious. I hope you got it on video
She's always recording every christmas. You know what the kicker was though, was that it was the poptarts with no frosting/icing on top. \ omg. I love your mom lol
I walked up on a snake in my backyard a few days ago. \ That's never a fun thing to do
Yeah, it startled me at first. Then I got a hoe and killed it. \ Do you know what kind it was?
I hate how our country is so divided right now \ It is, but I think it was all along and people are just standing up for what they believe in more now.
True. I hope we can become less divided in the future and solve things \ Maybe, but I think the best we can hope for is tolerance.
I just got back from a job interview. It went really well. I feel I might get an offer. \ What job did you interview for?
It was for a Financial Analyst job. I really want the job. \ That's amazing, you must be so excited right now
Can't believe I just saw all my possessions disappear. \ Whoa. What happened?
The whole place burned down in the middle of the night \ Oh that is devastating. I hope insurance covers.
I found my deceased grandfathers watch in an old box in my parents attic. It is actually quite valuable, but I don't think I could bring myself to sell it. It has way too much meaning to myself and my family. \ I believe there are things in life that are irreplaceable and priceless! There is no amount of money that can give you the true value of your grandfather's watch. I think you should pass it down to your grandchildren.
I agree.  No amount of money could replace it.  I will end up giving to my kids for sure. \ I consider this a family heirloom and your children would be happy to share this story for years to come.
I have a 7 year old daughter that asked to play piano. I found a piano teacher and she is very intense. I thought she would scare my 7 year old but she has excelled in just 7 months of playing. Maybe the teacher is not all that bad. \ Wow!  That is amazing!  I guess a little tough instruction and training has paid off!  No need to worry then.
That is exactly what I thought, but recently she has started to push her a little bit harder and wanting to her to compose music because my daughter has a great ear for music. \ That's fantastic.  It sounds like she has tapped into her inner musical talent!
I am so excited for the fall \ What is going to happen?
Two fabolous weedings of my two fabulous friends \ Oh boy, have a great time!
I am sad my cousin is moving away. \ Is it really far?
Yes, another country \ oh no. im sorry to hear that
I can't believe I just finished my first running race! \ Well done, you must be very proud of yourself.
Yes, I am.  About 3 months ago I couldn't run for a minute. \ Well done, great job.
I always get excited the day before Christmas. \ Yes me too,  is that because of the gifts?
Thats right, I guess since I was a kid have always anticipated opening the gifts in the morning. \ Yes it was so exiting! what about now, do you receive many presents?
My father passed away about 2 years ago. It was so very difficult for me and very unexpected. We didn't know he had a life-threatening illness and weren't prepared in any way for his sudden departure from us. \ I'm very sorry to hear that.  Losing anyone close to you, especially a parent would be very hard.  Are you close to other members of your family and were you able to help each other through it?
Yes, my family and I are close and we were there for each other. But, my sister had passed away around 6 years before, by committed suicide. The last few years have been very difficult. \ I bet it has.  Keep sticking by with your family.  I'm sure you are all there for each other more than you know.
I had some friends over and went upstairs to my room.  All the lights were off and when I left my room a bat flew at me and landed on my leg. \ Well, that would be terrifying! Were you afraid that a vampire was there?
Hahahaha, that piece hadnt crossed my mind although it should have with all the vampire movies I had seen!  I let out a scream and one of my friends captured the bat and let it outside to be free. \ Well, that would be very creepy! They would hear my scream in the next town over!
I was totally ready for my garage sale \ You were ready? That's good to hear.
Yes and we made $1026.25! \ Aweomse.  Treat yo self.gif
A fly landed in my cup of coffee this morning. \ Ew, what did you do?
Dumped my coffee out and drove to work  without my morning coffee.  I didn't have time to make another cup. \ Aw, that's disappointing!
I feel like a terrible sibling right now.  \ What did you do to feel that way?
My sister, who lives out of state and i don't see often, was recently in town visiting our dad. I didn't visit with them. \ I'm sorry to hear that, you could make it up to them by going to visit?
My sister just passed away. \ Wow, That's unfortunate. Sorry to hear. were you close?
We were, it's so tragic. Cancer spares no one. \ I hope you are finding ways to cope with your loss. That can't be easy to deal with. 
It really is difficult, I've started therapy recently. \ I hope that helps you and that you find peace. 
I have an interview coming up.  Its for a position that someone else already has but I need to do this interview to get my name out there and let the higher ups know I want to move into management. \ Are you prepared?
I am prepared for it.  I'll be a lot happier once it is over. \ I bet. Good luck to you
I was so upset when my daughter left with my earbuds \ I'm guessing she didnt ask to use them?  Has she taken them in the past?
she isnt very good at bringing things back \ That would be very frustrating. Hopefully she will learn to replace things as she gets older!
I finished last semester with a 3.5 GPA. I cant believe I did that well. All that hard work paid off. \ You worked hard, what are you studying in school?
My major is Finance. I will shoot for a 4.0 this semester.  \ I believe you can do it, what do you hope to get a job doing after?
I got to see my favorite guitarist last night, he was amazing. \ Amazing. I bet that was awesome. Do you play yourself?
I play a little bit but I could never be as good as Anthony Green. \ I bet you were having a great time.
I recently moved from Alabam aall the way to Indiana. I like it a lot better, but I hate having to leave my family behind. I miss them. \ Yea that is really far. Give it some time and I am sure you will meet some new people.
Thanks for that! I've been feeling pretty blue, so I appreciate it. \ It takes time to adapt to a new city. Get involved in some groups to meet like minded people.
I feel really good about this job interview I have coming up. \ Oh, good luck on it! What are you applying for?
Its an accounting job. I feel well qualified. \ That's a great attitude to have going in. They really pick up on confidence at interviews.
I am going to a concert very soon. \ Cool! Who are you going to see?
Imagine Dragon and Grace Vanderwhall, do you know them? \ Of course! Grace is so talented! She was on America's Got Talent, right? I get all those reality talent shows confused.
It makes me happy to see my cat waiting for me at the front door when I come home after a long day of work \ Aw, that is really cute of your cat to do.
Yea, she's a sweetheart. First cat I've ever owned and I realize now that I'm a cat person as opposed to a dog person. \ It's good to have a pet in your life, makes you happy.
I don't order chicken anymore from restaurants \ Why not? I LOVE chicken!
I got sick the ;ast time and i am too scared \ Oh no! Maybe the restaurant you ate from wasn't clean?
When I'm driving around and I see a stray dog or cat, I feel so bad that I can't help but stop to pick them up and bring them home! I can't believe how many people neglect their pets! \ Its sad. How many rescues do you have?
Oh, man, I have a LOT! I have a pretty big fenced in back yard. I'd say around 20. I need to stop soon, but I can't help it! \ Well I appreciate you. 
Thanks, I appreciate that. I hope others get inspired to do something similar when they hear my story. \ i want to rescue but I have to wait until I move. No pets allowed here
So my dog passed away a couple of weeks ago. Its been really hard not having him around. \ Oh no!  How old was he?
I had him for 12 years.  \ What type of dog was he?
I went to work the other day, and I was the only person in the office. \ Where you supposed to be there? If so, then that is a nice feeling.
Yeah, everyone else was just gone.  It was nice for a while, but got a bit lonely. \ Oh I see. That could make the time go slow also. 
I found a hair in my sandwhich at lunch. \ That's gross. Did you make the sandwich yourself or buy it from a restaurant?
From jasons deli :( \ Nasty. That makes me want to not eat there anymore, but I guess it happens sometimes.
Yeah, Pretty gross. Not the way to end lunch on a friday. \ I hope you got a refund.
I am starting back at school next month. I am excited about getting back into my classes. \ That's great. What classes are you taking?
I'm a computer science student. The one I'm most excited about is Microprocessors. \ That's pretty cool... Are you going to go towards hardware or stick with programming?
I want to be a software developer I think, so I like the programming. \ You should go all out and get a EE degree to go with it.  You can do microprocessor design.
I really like school, so you never know what I might decide to go for next. Thank you for the advice. \ Any time. Have a good weekend :D
Hello, I just woke up to some nice sunlight! \ Great, it hasn't got here yet.
Hmm, you are probably in a time zone behind me then. \ Central.
One time I was driving my car at it's maximum speed potential because I was late for a meeting. \ Wow, and you didn't get pulled over?
No, I had not tried to max it out. But at 95 it pretty much shook and wouldn't go faster. \ Must've been some important meeting!
Don't you hate it when you're feeling confident in a new hairstyle or some clothes you're wearing, and then someone makes fun of you? Had that happen the other day. Makes you want to be able to hide in the background and never try anything new again \ That is just the worst, who made fun of you?
It was actually a stranger, and I was on public transportation. They didn't actually say anything to me, I could just tell the way they were giving me a look, and kind of shaking their head and then laughing to themselves, that it was pointed at me. Maybe I read too much into it. Either way, made me want to sink into the ground \ That's so disappointing. People should really not be judging others when they don't know how much effort was put in to the outfit.
I think it was my haircut :( But thank you for the kind words. I need you to hype me up in the morning and make me feel confident! \ Hi are you still here?
Yes, it seemed to bug out, not sure \ It did, what were we talking about again?
I was so sad when my cat passed away. \ I can understand that. I lost my dog a few years ago. What's worse is I wasn't around when it happened--I was out of the state. I hope you at least got to say goodbye.
It was the worst, I didn't get to say goodbye she got hit by a car. \ Man.. I'm so sorry. I remember when I was really young, I was in the car with my mom and she hit our neighbor's cat driving home. They just ran right out into the street. She drove home and cried for a while.
It was so difficult, I don't even know if the person cares that they took away my favorite pet. \ Who knows. They could have been like my mom, and maybe they were different and were too ashamed to say anything. Might not have noticed, either. Or they were just bad people. Hopefully you can focus on your pet and how much you loved them instead of those things you can't get answers to.
I was at work the other day, just sitting at my desk. \ ... then what?
I felt really calm because I was working with numbers. \ Aw, wonderful!
My dog just died in my arms. \ Did that happen tonight?
No, it was a few years ago. \ Well, it must've been something you said.
I had a particularly meaningful Thanksgiving gathering with my family. \ Well that's good!  What did you all do?
Each of us took turns saying how thankful we were about certain things in our lives.  \ We do something similar at our Thanksgivings.  Did you make a home-cooked meal?
Yes, everything from scratch, even the pie crusts. \ What sorts of pie did yo umake?
We make cherry and apple and my grandson makes pumpkin. How about you? \ We haven't really done pies in a while, but my grandma makes a chocolate roll and my mom makes some awesome pumpkin bars.  Do you roast your turkey?  We use a turkey fryer for ours.
My step-daughter just turned 16 in the past week. \ Did she have a party?
We're actually having it this coming weekend. \ Does she have her license yet?
No . . . that's a long story involving her idiot father.  I'm somewhat glad, though, as she can't seem to set her phone down. \ Well, there's no hurry in driving, is there? What does she do mostly on her phone? Text??
Text, video chat, watch some goofball put makeup on, and shop.  Things most teenagers do, I suppose. \ Does she play any sports?
i never really had thought to do this, but the other day I just grilled spur of the moment and watched the sun set with my sister. It was really nice, honestly. \ That sounds pretty awesome.  What did you guys grill?  Was she over for a special occasion at all?
We grilled a couple of hotdogs and hamburgers, and we're roommates basically. It works good because I'm so used to living with her that it's a lot better than an average roommate. \ I agree.  I had a cousin living with me for a while until he got on his feet.  I really preferred that over a stranger.  It sounds like you both had an awesome night!
I watch my girlfriends dog every once in a while and she just isnt getting potty training.  She is a little over 5 months old and some weeks she does a great job and the next week she'll go to the bathroom everywhere but outside. \ That's super frustrating! I've only ever had outside pets so I can't really offer advice, but it's one of those things where your anger is all misplaced because you know you can't really be upset with the dog since it doesn't know any better.
I do understand that part too.  I actually got a puppy a couple months before her so I went through this all.  I just wish her puppy listened as well as mine because he took a couple months as has been doing great since.  I know it'll click eventually...I just wish shed hurry up :) \ It'll be well worth it when she gets the hang of it, but urgh. Bathroom problems are why I don't think I want a kid anytime soon!
My friend is coming in from out of town today. \ cool
Thanks, we're gonna have a blast this weekend. \ i bet. I miss my friends
my daughter has matured so well \ That's good to hear. How old is she?
14. she can babysit her younger siblings now. im proud of her \ Hey, you can go out and not pay a babysitter. 
I was shocked by my present. \ You got a present? How lovely! What was the occasion?
It was my anniversary. \ Well, happy anniversary! What was your present?
Our new property management person is remarkably efficient. She emailed me details of a conversation we had yesterday. The others promise the earth and don't deliver! \ Wow, that sounds amazing!
It is. I've been trying to switch apartments for months and this is the first time someone has actually done anything about it. \ Great news then!
Get to hang out and play cards with my girlfriend and her parents. Her parents are actually pretty laid back and fun to be around, so I'm looking forward to it. Glad I don't have to deal with overbearing in-laws like some people \ That's good. Were you nervous at first?
Heck yeah I was. I think everybody is. But then once you get over the annoying stage of saying all the general stuff about yourself, and meeting them for the first few times, it got pretty easy \ Well that's nice that you all get along. you ar actually pretty lucky
I feel bad \ Hmm.. what's that mean? Do you feel like you did something wrong?
In the past couple of months I have barely cooked. We have eaten a lot a fast food.  \ Ah, I see. Yeah, that's an easy habit to have. I would be that way too if I wasn't too cheap to spend money. I just try to do a lot of croc-pot stuff since I stink at cooking and am poor
Humanity is the worst. \ I agree.. Did something happen?
No, just frustrated \ I'm sorry.. Not everyone is bad.  Just a lot of people.
I am bummed out today. I failed a big test and my co-worker passed. \ OH no! Did you study?
A little.. I mean it was an English test.. I know English. LOL \ LOL! English is a tough subject.
Have had this roommate for a year. Decided to renew lease with him. Been pretty good so far.. except he has a problem remembering to flush the toilet--no matter whether it's #1 or #2. Getting kind of old. \ That is a very big problem to me! However, if you signed a new lease with him it seems as if you can deal with it right?
Yeah I guess.. I mean it's much more annoying to me to have to do another roommate search. Searching for roommates and apartments in general is just so annoying, and I'd rather spend the time trying to make money for rent and all that. But yeah, not sure why some people have these kind of quirks. \ Well it seems that you have to deal with him for at least another year. With that in mind I hope you have more than one bathroom. I suggest you let him keep his poop in one without cleaning it up until it starts to bother him!
I received this email yesterday saying that I have unclaimed money and all I have to do is verify some information to receive it. I confirmed the validity of the email and it turns out to be a substantial amount of money. \ Dang, that sounds too good to be true. If you're 100% sure that it's not a scam, and then 100% sure again that it's definitely not a scam (please really really check in every way possible), then I'm happy for you!
I am totally laughing out loud at your response! I thought the same thing when i first got the notice, however I have spoken with a representative and it an actually gift from a deceased family member. \ Whaaat! That was cool of them. If it were me, it'd be torture trying to figure out what to do. Put it into stocks? Savings? Pay off debt? Go on a vacation? I hate making decisions cause I feel like I messed up no matter what I choose. But maybe you deserve a vacation, eh
I'm impressed with my new used car that I bought for cheap. It runs great. \ Congrats. you are lucky
Yeah I am, I only got it for 2000 dollars as well! \ really? wow
my daughter gets to pick the movie tonight for movie night \ That's fun, do you think you will enjoy it?
i know i won't. She has been saying all week she is picking a horror film \ Uh oh, well at least you won't be a lone when you watch a scary movie.
I miss the old times when there was so much less crimes. \ Do you honestly believe there were less crimes back then? Or were they just better concealed
I really believe there was less crime. My parents were never closing the exterior doors of the house back then when they were in the house. People were more trusting each other. \ That's cool.  I feel like that was true in your world.  But as far as I knew the world was a living hell for colored people more so then than now...but I'm positive the news today only highlights what is convenient for corporate America
A lot of people think Tony Montana in Scarface was the bad guy...but I think he was really the epitome of hustling for the American Dream, even moreso than Rocky because though he got killed at the end he still left a fortune behind and stuck to his principle: never rely on anyone but yourself \ I understand. Do you like Tony Montana in the movie Scarface?
Yeah he was the freakin man. haha \ It is a very nice movie.
I had to fend off this girl at a party. \ What was she doing?
She tried to kiss me when I already have a girlfriend. \ Ohhh wow.  I hope you were successful!
I came home from work.. and opened my mail up.. and you won't believe what I got in the mail. \ What did you get in the mail?
I got a repo notice for my car.  I am so upset. \ That is awful, did you miss some payments?
Yes.. but I had a valid reason.  Cries.. \ Whats the reason?
I couldn't work I was taking care of my sick husband. \ I'm sorry to hear that, how is he feeling now?
I can't wait til I get to try my new Jet-Skis out on the lake. They will be fun. \ Nice!!! When are you planning on going?
Not this weekend, but we have plans for the weekend after that! \ That's so close. Have you gone jet skiing on that lake before?
Do you own a pet? I feel very motherly toward my cat lol \ I know that feeling! I have 2 dogs and 1 cat. Love them to death.
Isn't it nice to come home to them after a long day of work? \ Yeah! and they are so excited to see you and welcome you home!
I'm getting anxious about visiting my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it'll be our first time meeting. \ Why has it taken so long?
We have only been dating a month. \ Sorry.. when I first read what you said I read it as Grandparents.. I don't know why.  My brain is tired from work.
I was so scared.  I was at a graveyard in the dark with my drunk boyfriend. \ Oh no, how did you end up in that situation.
I thought it would be entertaining.  But I sorta lost him for a bit because it was so dark.  LOL.  I just stayed near the road/car and waited till I saw him again. \ Haha, that's awesome, at least you two made it out of it safely.
I was shocked. I was at the state park walking through the woods and I swear I saw a Bigfoot. \ I would have been so excited lol.  What did it look like?!
Just like you think it would.. big, tall, hairy walking ape sorta thing \ Was anyone with you?  Did anyone believe you?
My younger sister graduates from college this year, I can't believe she's going to get her degree. \ Thats awesome though.  I didn't graduate until I was 40 something
It was 30s for me!  She kept at her classes, even though she had two kids pretty young and worked. \ That really is quite an accomplishment.. the type that makes you cry at graduation ceremonies!
I'm so happy I have my dogs in my life, they are so loyal and happy. \ That's very sweet. I was just dog-sitting my neighbor's dogs last week. They were a little annoying at first, but I had to watch and stay with them the whole week, and I really grew to like them. They felt like my little sisters I had to take care of and play with
Yeah, after awhile you start to love them no matter how annoying they can become sometimes. \ Right, yeah, you just get used to their presence. I hated that they'd bark so much at thunderstorms, but other than that, their little quirks were growing on me. In fact, I miss them right now
I've been having to pee a lot lately. I know that's one of the symptoms of diabetes, and my dad has diabetes, too. Kind of worried to go to the doctor and get checked out. \ Have you been drinking more water lately? or it's just happening for no reason?
I feel like it's been for no reason, but I might be paranoid. Everything has been the same so far. I just figured I'd go get a check-up anyway, since it's been a while.  \ That would be a good idea, it's better to get tested and treated early if it is anything serious!
I forgot to put gas in my car and I ran out of gas on the side of the road! \ Oh my!  You must have been pretty embarrassed.  Did someone bring you gas?
Yeah, I was so ashamed! I had to call my dad to get him to bring me gas.  Felt bad. \ I'm sure its happened to him before and understands.
My daughter and I just got home from her high school freshman orientation. \ Awesome! How was that? do you think she will enjoy high school?
She got her schedule, locker and was able to figure out where her classes were.  I think we are both ready for school to start now. \ I know that feeling, I'm waiting for the college to start myself!
My grandma passed away earlier this year. We used to always get together as a family and play cards on sundays. This sunday is the first time we're doing it again without her. It will feel weird, but nice to be with family again \ Aww, that's so sad. I'm sure she would have wanted ya'll to keep having fun times together.
Yeah, you're right. And we figured the same. We just didn't do it for a little while because it felt weird at first, and then it was easier to not be doing it once we got out of the habit. Glad we didn't let it go too long though. \ Yes, it's good to keep bonding. I understand not being able to do it at first, though
School for my kids started again this past Thursday. \ How was that? Were you excited for some more quiet and for them to get back on a schedule? Or are you sad that it shows that they're getting older?
It was good. I am dealing with a mixture of both emotions about them being back in school. I was happy I had all the supplies, clothes, shoes, and other odds and ends in time. \ Ah, that's interesting you say that. I thought you'd just be like everyone else, who say, "Happy to nudge them out the door!" You sound like a good parent
My children ask me so many questions every day \ Oh, man, mine too! It's so annoying.
The most question are asked when I'm talking to someone else. does that happen to you too/ \ Sure does. I think they get a little jealous and just want our attention. They're also very curious about the world, which is a good thing!
I need to buy a new phone soon, I've been having this one for so long. But I'm having a hard time letting go, I'm sort of attached to it. \ Is there not an upgraded version?
There is, but it's more of an attachment to this specific phone itself. I've had it for so long. It feels like an old friend! \ Oh. I know what you mean. I am like that with shoes. I always change my phone
I am so mad. Someone took my crystal ball. \ I would have though that your crystal ball would have forewarned you? ;)
No.. in fact... I can't even try to get it back now because the energy in it is now ruined. \ Did you keep your receipt?  Maybe you can exchange it or get your money back?  ;)  lol
Summer is almost over, school is starting again soon. \ I feel your pain totally.  I take an online class and I am a teacher at a new school this year
My daughter will be a freshman in high school.  I am so stoked about it!!! \ Fun times!  Makes you think back to being in HS.  I am working in a HS this time.
I was surprised that I was able to get into the apartment I wanted without any problems. \ Nice! I hate looking for apartments. I'm in college and have looked for apartments for the past three years. It gets really old after a while, since I'm on a budget and it's hard to find something cheap but not a rat's nest. Glad you found what you wanted.
Right? I'm in the same situation and was expecting this place to be filled up since it's right next to the campus! \ I live right next to my campus too! The downside is it's a building made in the '50s and looks terrible on the inside. But I can bear it since I'm saving money. Most college kids have their parents money and just choose a fancier place because they don't care about money. 
So... Last night I saw a huge black spider in my room. Took me like 20 minutes to muster up the courage to attack it. Well... I tried attacking it, and missed, and it went behind a piece of furniture and I couldn't find it again. I slept in another room.. \ I hate that!  Knowing a spider or any sort of bug is in your room and then knowing you have to go to sleep.  I would have done the same thing.
Yeah no joke. I want to just burn the place down and move on. I bet the spider would still be alive in the ashes somewhere though, just laughing at me, like, "Thanks for the free land, chump." \ Haha, while he builds back up his spider web.
Every day I thank God for my blessings. I'd be in hole right now if it weren't for HIM \ Praise God man! He really is amazing and we should always be grateful for we have 
especially since he takes care of us even though don't deserve it \ amen! so true. Its especially awesome when He picks us up in every fall. His love never fails
Once during an important school sporting event, my entire sports team was counting on me but mid-way through my event, my shorts fell down and I tripped  \ for real? that must've been embarrassing. Sorry to hear about that
yea! it was! I thought everyone would be annoyed at me but the next day when I went back to school, everyone just made it a joke so its alright. This was about 5-6 years ago now haha \ well that's good and bad. hopefully the joke didn't carry on too long
I'm jealous of anyone who doesn't have to deal with student loan debt! \ LMAO.  LOLOL.  I pay 600 a month.  You?
I'm at 350, It's horrible! \ see it can get worse!  lol... I am paying cash for my classes now but I only take 1 at a time.
I was totally disappointed today. No one remembered my birthday. \ That's sad, well, HAPPY BIRTHDAY! 
Thank you!  Its ok I guess because I am old anyways. \ I sort of feel the same way, the older I get, the less I care about my birthday.
My husband went away on a week long business trip, and took our dog with him \ Ah, so are you feeling pretty lonely? That's interesting that he took the dog with him on a business trip, but who am I to judge! Could be viewed as kind of cool that he's that close with the dog.
Yeah, we're both kind of crazy about the dog lol, and I hate being alone in the house \ Yeah, he should have left the dog with you so not only would you have some company, but some protection, too. But I don't know all of the situation so I guess I shouldn't say for sure! Hopefully it's not for too long so you guys can get back to being a trio
I'm in school right now and unable to pay for much since most of my money goes towards bills and that's it. My girlfriend is out of school and working, and so when we do go out, she has to pay a lot of the time. I feel bad for making her do that, but I don't have much of a choice \ Aw, you shouldn't feel bad!  At some point you'll have more cash and do the treating.  There's a lot of give and take in relationships.
Yeah, I know, I just hate people paying for me, or feeling like a burden. That's like my #1 thing. But it's weird to say "no, we can't go do this fun thing just because of me, even though you want to." So it's a rock and a hard place. I guess I will just have to look forward to when I can return the favor \ I totally get it.  I bet you think about it way more than she does, though I don't know if that makes you feel any better lol
My favorite neighborhood restaurant is closing \ What restaurant is it?
Its called lucy's. it's near my house. I have had so many good memories there \ What kind of food do they make? Sorry to hear that! That's awful.
Its a soulf food restaurant. Its been around since I was a kids \ Maybe they could get funding from the municipality.
Can't believe my professor marked all this wrong. \ Marked what wrong?
All the answers on my calculus test, I know the answers were correct so I'm confused. \ Did you speak with him?
I haven't been able too, he's been sick lately. \ Oh. Well he will probably fix it when he gets better
I hope so, but it's stressing me out big time. \ I can imagine
I decided to take the risk and start my own gym downtown. I think it'll do well, though! I know a lot of power lifters and bodybuilders. \ Wow, congratulations! That is a really cool endeavor!
Thanks! I can't wait to see it filled with people who are passionate about the iron! I'll probably take on a little personal training while I'm at it. \ Sometimes it is worth taking a risk like that to have a high reward.
I feel a bit sad about this weekend. I have to work on a big project for work instead of visiting my family. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Hopefully after this project you can get some time off to spend with your family.
Thanks, yeah it's important to find the time to spend with those you love. I just couldn't make it this time. \ I'm sure your family will understand. And look at the bright side, you'll cherish your next visit even more.
I'm really impressed with our city's new freeway, it makes getting to work so easy! \ That is always a good thing.  Is it free or a toll road?  Where I live most of em cost money.
It's free! That's also a huge plus, but yeah I save 10 minutes getting to work! \ Thats awesome.  Saves time and money.
I am excited. School starts Monday and I am working in an alternative school. That makes it more exciting. \ Nice! School is starting next week for me also, hopefully we both have a good school year!
I hope so.  I've had a week of training on how to control delinquent youth. \ Is this your first year working this job? If so, hope it goes well!
Can't wait til my wife gets home, I'm surprising her with flowers and dinner. \ She is most certainly going to enjoy that!
Yeah, sometimes I feel the need to surprise her after a long week of work. \ No special occasion then?
I am excited for my daughter starting school week after next. \ Yay! is it her first year or just excited to get some free time?
I nervous for her because its the start of her freshman year and she has all Honors classes. \ Oh wow, she's must be smart! But yeah, that must be stressful.
Recently, I've been working on a presentation for a client at work \ Interesting. What is your presentation about?
It's a pitch about an app our company is developing, like a chatbot \ That's so cool! Is it like a best friend for someone who may be lonely?
Soo the other day I was driving, got cut off, and when I honked at the other driver to let him know he almost hit my car, he flicked me off. I'm still bitter about it. \ Oh that sucks, I would honk harder at him
Lol I should've done that. Anything to show my extreme displeasure. I live in a big city so bad drivers are everywhere. \ Yeah, some cities have a lot of people and some really bad drivers. They're rude and disrepectful to all other people even pedestrians.
I glad I can afford the necessities and a little of what I want \ I hope you goodluck in the future
Me too. I am very grateful. Some people are less fortunate \ One day when you are successful, I hope you pass your good luck forward!
My mom spent a lot of money buying me a computer for my birthday \ That was nice
Yes, I love my mom and I will give her something even better for her birthday! \ Do you have anything in mind?
I can't believe he won't let me play baseball anymore. \ Oh that's terrible! If you don't mind me asking; Who and why?
My stepdad won't let me play baseball anymore simply because I hurt my arm throwing. \ Maybe he is trying to do what he thinks is best. I'm sure it's out of love not just being mean.
I had planned a beach trip about a month before we actually went. \ What beach were you heading too?
We went to Virginia Beach earlier this week. I was so giddy up that whole month I could barely contain myself. \ Who all went with you? That sound so fun.
My husband, 2 kids and my mother. My kids had never been to the beach. \ That's awesome, have you ever tried surfing?
I feel really bad. I cheated on my husband. \ Why did you do that?
I met a guy who lived down the beach... My husband knew about it. \ So he was ok with it? or?
I've got all my fishing gear packed up. I'm ready for tomorrow morning. \ OMG I am so jealous I love fishing.  Where are you going?
We're going to be fishing near black duck bay. \ Fun times!  I did a little beach fishing not long ago at New Smyrna.  I hope you catch some cool fish!
The weather is supposed to be ideal. We should do good. \ Have fun for me!
Movies about vampires terrifies me a lot \ Why do they terrify you that much? 
Because i nprmally wathem at night \ Oh. Yeah, some people don't get scared enough because they didn't turn lights off. 
I watched the testimony of Peter Strzok earlier today before Congress. I think it's creepy more so even than vampire movies.  \ Honestly,thats very true
Such abhorrent arrogance and ungodly show on his part.  \ Thats the way he is,can u imagine,so ungodly show
I bought a ticket last week for the lottery, when it was over 100 million dollars. \ Did you win? LOL
I was so excited watching the numbers being drawn, but no I didn't win. But someone did! I'm sure they were happy. \ Winning those huge jackpots is always a curse.  Go for a smaller win :)
This lady at my work is so sweet, and no one there seems to like her. I feel so bad for her. \ Oh, bless her heart. I hope you are nice to her.
I am.  I can tell she's lonely.  She told me her husband died awhile back so I think she's lonely too. \ That's really nice of you for being nice to her. I bet she is happy that you are her co-worker.
My husband just found out he will start getting a monthly bonus! This was unexpected and great news \ That is so exciting. A little extra cash can always help.
It sure does. It came as a shock, but a pleasant one.  \ Yes, that would be a great surprise. It can also take a lot of stress off of you.
My husband was in an accident a couple of years ago. A van pulled out in front of him. A woman we knew was in it and she passed away. \ Oh, well that's terrible! Hopefully, your husband was okay and nobody else was hurt. But, it's awful that anyone was.
It was so sad. She was such a sweet lady. My husband had some minor injuries, but is better now. The emotional pain was the worst thing. \ Yes, there are many times the emotional pain from tragic events are worse than physical. It doesn't make it easier that it was a person you knew, I'm sure. 
So happy to have got my exam back and passed the class. \ Congrats!  What class?
It was calculus, just an intro class but I'm not so great at math. \ You deserve to be happy about that, that is not an easy class!
My car was backed into at the store last week.  I found out yesterday that the person who hit me does not have insurance! \ That's going to be a pain to fix yourself!
I'm more upset at the fact that they lied about having insurance! \ That was really shady of them to do that, wonder why they did?
Just found some of my long lost CD's. \ thats awesome , i have not purchased cds in ages lol
I burned these old ones, had my favorite pop punk songs ont hem. \ i bet that brought back a lot of wonderful memories , from the good old days
i saw the doom trailer today , im so pumped for it im in love with the series \ When doe sit come out in theatres?
not theater its a video game , they were originally on pc and even the super nintendo \ Oh I got you, what system is it going out on?
i was scared walking home alone \ Oh no, I hope you was paying attention to what was around you.
yea it was dark \ That is really scary when you are alone.
I just went today to visit my son in his new house. \ how was it
It was great! He has saved for so long to buy it.  \ thats cool
So tonight we are suppose to go eat out as a family but I cant get a single one of my family members to agree on a place.  So frustrating! \ You should make a wheel you can spin to decide.  I did that once.
That's actually not a bad idea.  Wish I had come up with that earlier.  It seems everyone wants something different. \ Yes you put all the places on it and spin..
Im going to have to sue that for next week.  I think this week they can all go make PB&J since they want to be difficult. \ Put that on there too!
Ok.. I was driving across S. Dakota last summer at night. Its super dark and you can see all the stars. Then my car broke down. \ Oh my gosh, what a place to break down!  I was born in ND and I know the dark you are talking about.  Were you stuck for long?
I am not sure how long it was I got abducted by aliens.  Time lapse. \ Oh yeah, of course.  I heard they are rampant up in those parts.  Did they keep you long?
I don't know it only seemed like a minute \ I hope they returned you with all your bits and parts.  It would be alarming to find they borrowers from you later!
The weekend is finally here, woohoo! \ Oh man truer words were never spoken! How are you gonna spend your free time this weekend?
Not sure yet but I am looking forward to sleeping in a bit \ That's my thought process like every week. I think I might be getting old because sometimes I like sleeping more than being awake.
Okay so I've never been a good cook but the first time I ever made a casserole was a diasaster. I went to pull it out of the oven and part of my oven mitt must have not been insolated well, so I dropped it and it shattered the door to my stove. \ Oh no! All that work for nothing
Oh don't worry, the casserole didn't spill, but nobody besides me wanted to eat it because they were sure there must be glass somewhere in it, ha. \ Did it at least taste good? lol
I had a tire low on air but, a co-worker of mine had an air compressor in his car he let me use \ That is good that he had an air compressor. Low tires seem to be the story of my life. I seem to always have to be airing up a tire.
I need to get one for myself. \ They are very handy to have. We got a box that airs up tires and has jumper cables also.
Yeah, I've seen those. Do they work good? \ They work really great. Well worth the extra dollars.
My daughter is going to be a senior in high school this year. I am so excited for her. I think I'm prepared to deal with this. \ Awesome.  Is she going to university after?
I think she is. We still haven't decided where she will go yet. She is an honor student, so she should do well wherever she goes. \ That's great to hear.  She'll be flying out of the nest before you know it.
I'm so happy that it is Friday! \ Oh me too! Do you have a monday to Friday type job?
Somewhat, I work 4 10 hour shifts and have a random off day during the week. Yesterday was my off day. What about you? \ Oh that is a pretty good schedule. I am a teacher so I'm off right now. It's wonderful. 
My daughter finished her degree and got a job in her field right away.  \ That's awesome! Not too many are able to do that!
No it's pretty rare. She's in Digital journalism, and she's working as a social media manager. It's a good gig.  \ Awesome. I'm glad that she has things going for her, and congratulations to you!
When I eat food from my home country I get nostalgic \ What type of food do you miss most?
Probably fried chicken, it's very different and much more flavourful than KFC \ It sounds like you might be from down south. I would miss it there, too.
It was terminal, and the doctor said they caught it too late. \ What?! Are you sick or your family member?
It was my father who was sick. He passed not too long ago. \ Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that, it must have been hard on you
some people like to move away when they are older. I think I'm fine where I am. \ I agree, it's better to live in your own surroundings and have your own independence.
Memphis is my home. It is the perfect size got me and my family. \ I'm happy for you. You only have one life and should do what makes you happy.
I like to be prepared when going on a trip. \ who doesn't? missing anything can ruin the whole trip.
I think I tend to go a bit too overboard and it can be a tad bit stressful.  \ I think it's better to have too much than not enough though. right?
I ordered something online and unbeliveably it was here the next day. I wasn't expecting that! \ How exciting!  Who did you order from that gave you such good service?
Some new clothing website... will definately order again \ I would order again also, that's a good company.
We got to go to Walt Disney World this February.  We didn't think we'd be able to go. \ That's great! I went a few months ago and really enjoyed it
I love going there!  We didn't find out till December that we could go.  Suddenly I had a lot of planning to do! \ I hope you have lots of fun!
feels disappointed because my friend fights with me \ Maybe its time for a new friend.
no i can't because i love him a lot \ ask him to stop being a jerk?
I saw a mouintian lion this morning when I was walking to my truck. \ wow that's great your are so lucky to see it
I get to go to Australia in a few weeks!  \ How exciting!  Is that your going to be your first time visiting?
Yup! I've never been so I can't wait to see it. It's been on my bucket list forever \ I hope you have a good time there.  Be careful in the interior, it's hot as heck there.
I live at home alone with my cat, but she had to move out for a week when we were doing some construction. \ Aw, was she stressed out?
Just a little, since she was around other cats for the first time. I think I was more of a wreck than she was though.  The house seemed so empty without her. \ Aw, that's no fun. I bet the constant construction didn't help at all
My dog passed away a few weeks ago. She was 12. I really miss her. \ Oh wow!  My dog passed away recently too so I can relate to your pain.  I am so sorry for your loss
Thanks, and to you too. They really are our best friends.  \ Most definetly she was my constant companion.  It will hopefully get easier for us each day
I have Lupus and it is getting worse.  I asked my doctor for a chance to try a new diet I found that is suppose to help me with it. \ Oh dear, that must be difficult. Are there medications to take that will help?
yes, but they are quite powerful which I am trying to avoid.  I am already on one and I am hoping that through this diet I can get off b/c the next steps won't be fun \ Oh, I'm really sorry. That is for sure a challenge. 
I am so pissed off at Trump, he is the worst president ever. \ Why do you feel that way?  Has he enacted any policies that directly affect you or anyone you know?  For the record - I'm not too fond of him either, just curious more than anything.
It is mostly because he is a racist misogenist \ I agree that he has said some things to suggest that.  However, I do think he has done some good and wouldnt necessarily be the worst president we have ever had.
My old roommate never did any dishes.  He also didnt wash any food off the plates so we had a sink full of dirty dishes and rotting food at all time.  It was miserable living there. \ So, I take you left to live someplace else?
Haha yes, I ended up saving up then moving out and buying my own place.  I wont miss the flies sitting around the kitchen and he's still just as messy...now its on his own though instead of with other people. \ Just remember to never invite you ex-roomate to your new place, EVER!!!!!!
My partner bought me a gift for my birthday, I wasn't expecting it. \ That is very thoughtful.  Happy Birthday! What did you get from your partner?
Thank You! They bought me an echo dot. \ Wow!  Now that's one cool gift if I may say so myself.
I was midway through a presentation at work today when I got a text from a coworker... \ What did it say?
Your fly is unzipped \ Wow, was it?
Can't believe my dad helped pay for my school. \ That's awesome. Have you been going to school for a while or is this for first semester.
It's my first semester, just started my busines degree. \ Awesome. Its great. Helps keep down the student loans.
Oh definitely, did you go to school as well? \ Yes, Mechanical engineering.
That's amazing, I was never great at math. \ Math and science is my strong suite.
Someone stole my luch out of the refrigerator in the break room! \ What did you have in there?
Some grilled chicken and veggies  I made last night., \ I love veggies, do you know who did it?
No clue.  Someone that's a jerk. \ That's mean of them, they better give it back to you.
I don't want it back if they ate it. \ I'd still scorn them for their actions.
I'm so glad it's finally August! It hasn't cooled off yet but all of my favorite holidays come up soon, and I'm really looking forward to the cooler weather. \ What's your favorite holiday?
I really like Thanksgiving. It's the only time of the year I'll make a pumpkin-sweet potato pie, and it's just a really comfy holiday. How about you? \ I love that pie!!! It's delicious! My favorite holiday is Christmas. 
When I think of the future, I am very positive. \ That's good! I think a lot of older people are pessimistic about the future, but I grew up on technology and am excited to see what new stuff comes out.
Agreed! I'm just excited for what tomorrow may hold. The future is bright! \ I think we need more people like you in society.
I recently tried to get a manager's job in my company, two others and myself were the last three in the running for the job. \ Very nice, congrats on making it that far. I actually was in the same situation about a week ago.  How do you feel you match up to the others?
I had much more experience than both of them, but ended up not getting the job. I am still pretty upset about it. \ I would be upset too.  However, I wouldnt get discouraged though.  There may be another opportunity even better that comes along soon.
My little brother graduated not too long ago.  He had to work hard but he made it through college \ That's great, it's good to see people finish what they start. You must be very proud.
I was.  I know how hard it was for him so it was great seeing that hard work pay off in the long run. \ Well, hopefully there will be nothing but great things for him in his future.
I always try to be prepared before a big trip. \ That's smart. You don't want to forget anything. Are you planning a trip soon?
Yes, and I think that I'm prepared. \ What a relief, right? Where are you going?
I love to reminisce about my childhood. I grew up during the 80s. \ I did too. Graduated High School in 85
I graduated in 2000, but all the toys and video games I remember fondly are from the 80s. \ Well, that's different then.
I found a picture with my dad from when I was a baby. \ Wow, very interesting, how did you see yourself then
What do you mean? \ I mean, how did you see yourself when you were small
I was flogged very well that day \ I don't know what flogging is.
Wow, I mean I was disciplined \ Looking up the definition tells me its punishment by being whipped or beaten, so unless you mean you were beaten metaphorically, you shouldn't be "wowing" me.
My little brother graduated not too long ago.  He had to work hard but made it through it. \ I am so glad to hear that.  Did he find a job?
He did!  He actually just started a new job that he loves and is related to his degree. \ That is good to hear.  What will he be doing?
I had to make a pit stop at the gas station this afternoon to get gas.  I bought a scratch off lottery ticket too. \ Pit stops can be fun.  How did you do on the scratch off?
I won $2500! \ No way! Congrats!!! I've never come close to that much on a scratch off.  I bet your heart was racing.
The club couldn't contain me when I walked in with a fresh new cut and kicks on. \ Hahaha, that sounds like fun
It was, I was like a boss in there. \ That's great! I like to go dancing too
I'm waiting to hear back about a promotion at work \ What type of work do you do?
I work at the bank \ You must be getting a big pay raise you ole banker.
My girlfriend is moving in this weekend.  It will be great finally living together. \ Oh that's wonderful! How long have you two been dating?
We have been dating almost a year.  I'm just excited to take this next step in the relationship. \ It's a huge step, congratulations! 
Last weekend my friends and I went away on holiday and two of them got belligerent drunk and completely ruined the night. \ I hate when that happens.  Did they end up apologizing at all or did they play it off like nothing happened?
We had to have a talk the next day. One had no memory of the night and the other half apologized. We've moved on, but I'm still sore about it. \ I would be too.  Its not fun when a couple people ruin a night that should be a great time!
My favorite watch broke today. :( \ That's no good, how did you break it?
it broke on its own accord. no clue. \ no good, are you going to get another one?
Its a tag heuer.  I'm gonna get it fixed. \ I'd buy it off you after it's fixed, I love tag heuer.
It was my grandfather's watch. I don't think you have enough money to cover its sentimental value. \ I wouldn't maybe I could get some recommendations for a nice one?
So excited to get my marks back from chemistry. \ Which chemistry class are you taking?
It's organic chemistry, quite difficult so I was shocked at my 95%. \ Yikes. organic chemistry was the last chemistry class I took.     Yuck reaction mechanisms... sn1 sn2 etc.
Exactly it's difficult to remember all that stuff. \ yeah I wasn't a huge fan of the class.
What was your favorite class? \ Depends on what way you're talking about Maybe physics 1 or maybe calc II.  Thats where things really started to come together for how things work +  the math to understand how things work.
I love to think about the past and my childhood days. \ What are your favorite parts about your childhood?
Riding bikes all over the county. \ That sounds like a lot of fun.  Did you do this with friends and family or alone?
My girlfriends aunt just died.  She wasnt close to her but is still devastated because of the impact it had on her sister.  I'm doing whatever I can to help them both. \ Sometimes deaths affect us even when we're not really close.
Thats very true.  I know she feels bad for not keeping as close contact as she could have with her aunt now. \ Guilt can be a terrible thing to live with.
Some time ago, there was a terrible tornado that came through my city. It destroyed many homes, a school and some people died. I was so fearful and petrified it would come by our home and destroy it, or harm my familY! \ I'm glad you were safe. Tornados are not a fun thing to experience.
No, they are so awful! They can destroy so much. \ Have you only had to deal with one?
My husband took me to get a new wedding band recently \ Well, that's very nice. I'm sure you were looking forward to that shopping trip.
I didn't know ahead of time! Mine had broken a bit and he saved up to get me a new one. \ That's was so thoughtful and sweet! Seems like you are a lucky wife!
I've got an employee review at work on monday. \ I hope it goes well!  Are you worried?
Yeah but not for any good reason. I do a good job. \ Then everything should go fine!  Good luck, I hope you get a raise!
Next month I teach a beginning cake decorating class. \ Do you have a lot of experience baking cakes?
Yes, about 5 years.  I've also taught this class before. \ Sounds like fun. Are you excited?
My friend and coworker hasnt been coming into work.  People are starting to talk but its hard to stick up for him when he only comes in once or twice a week. \ Is he sick or just being lazy?
A little bit of both.  He has bad anxiety but he also has told me he just doesnt like going into work. \ I hope he can get the help he needs and maybe a job he enjoys more.
I love the holidays. Driving around looking at decoration is my favorite. \ That is a lot of fun.  What is your favorite holiday to drive around in?
Christmas. It makes me miss my moms decor. \ Im sorry it makes you miss your moms decor.  At least you have those memories to hang onto.
I am going horseback riding for the first time this weekend.  I am really nervous for some reason! \ Oh wow I have never been either.  Try not to be nervous!  Who are you going with?
I am going with a couple friends who have also never rode before.  I don't think we knew what we were getting ourselves into. \ Well I am sure you will have fun.  Just follow the instructors lead!
I have a wonderful sister-in-law.  who is always there for me when I need her \ That must be comforting!  It is good to have people in your life that are supportive.
I feel so lucky to have her as a sister-in-law and a friend.  She is always there to offer a supporting ear and encouraging word. \ Don't ever take her for granted!  Make sure she knows you are thankful!
Can't believe my friend got those nice shoes and I didn't. \ That's too bad, did they fit your style?
They did i was so jealous. \ Well you saved some money at least?
One time I cheated in a math quiz, I really shouldn't have \ How come you had to cheat on the quiz?
I didn't study for it, I spent my time doing something else \ What did you end up making on the t est?
I love youtube. been listening to all my classic tracks. Tupac forever \ I love me some Tupac. Real talk.
I started out with one hit wonders but ended up at Pac. I miss my youth lol \ Me too. I always end up on the 90s hip hop station on Pandora.
I really regret ever dating my last boyfirend. \ I hear you. Relationships are hard. What happened?
He is just annoying and never keeps his word. He is the worst. \ promises are very important. builds trust. Ultimatums should do the trick ;) 
My boyfriend surprised me with a birthday trip \ Where are you guys going?
To Vancouver to see a drag show! \ That's awesome what a sweet boyfriend, how old are you turning?
26! \ Happy birthday! You must be excited
Seeing the bruins play on the ice was amazing. \ My favorite team used to the Bruins, but then I moved
They pass the puck so amazingly it was crisp. \ Did you sit close to the ice?
I was 5 rows up from the blue line, saw 2 goals by Chara. \ Amazing, I love Chara
It was Valentine's Day, and the jerk I was dating at the time turns around and tells me he's leaving me for his ex. \ Well, that was absolutely terrible! He certainly picked the worse time to do it. You're right, he was a jerk!
I know, right! So instead of going out to the fancy restaurant I'd booked for us, I spent the night on the couch watching Friends reruns. Alone. \ Oh, well I'm sorry, that is definitely an unpleasant Valentine's day. But, on the positive side, at least you found out what a jerk he was before you became more committed. 
A few weeks ago, we finally got a chance to get back to the beach for our vacation. But, it rained several days, so we didn't get to spend as much time at the beach as we wanted, which sucked. We were really looking forward to it. \ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you not live close to a beach?
Oh, no, it was about a 7 hour drive! My daughter was quite young when we went and didn't remember the first trip and she's a teenager now. So, a long time since we first went. \ That must suck not living close to a beach. Hopefully you get to go back real soon.
My boss pulled me into his office and gave me a raise!  \ Thats awesome!  I bet you were really excited!  
I was! It was quite unexpected, but very welcome \ You should go out and celebrate
My husband just a promotion at work he was really wanting \ Hah, seems we both had some luck. Good for him!
I know..ha ha!  He worked so hard for this and I am so proud of him. \ You guys should go out and celebrate! 
My kids don't listen to me as much as they should. \ Maybe its time to instill a little discipline.
Yeah, I guess it sounds like it. \ How old are your  children?
They laid off 3 people at work yesterday. Still haven't mentioned it yet. \ Do you think you'll be next ?
No. I'll probably be the last one. \ They'd shut down then.
Every hurricane season I make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case. \ Have you been through many hurricanes?  We stock up in case a tornado takes out the power.
I've been through quite a few. I live in Miami. \ I've been through quite a few tornadoes.  I live in Missouri, but before that I lived in Kansas.  Have you ever had to use your supplies?
Yup. Last year when Irma came I had to pull out my kit. \ Yikes!  So far we haven't had to dig into the water or food.  I do debate on getting a generator though.
I was looking through my Grandma's old recipes the other day. \ Aw that's so sweet. Did you find one to make?
Yes.  As a child we always called them "date balls", but I recently discovered they're actually called "Skillet Cookies". \ Sound interesting! It's a cookie or is it cake-like?
One time during Kindergarten, I peed myself because the teacher did not let me go to the restroom \ Oh, well that's awful on a little person! I never liked it when a teacher did that when a child needed to go to the bathroom!
Thanks! Luckily I am potty trained now! \ LOL, well, that's good to know. So am I!
We took a vacation recently and had to leave my daughter's teenage boyfriend a key to our house so he could take care of the pets. He's a good young man, so we didn't feel uncomfortable anything would come up missing. \ Lucky! I would not trust anyone in my house!
We didn't have much choice, as we had an outdoor dog and indoor cat, so if we didn't, we'd come back to not having pets. But, I wouldn't just let anybody, that's for sure! \ I am happy for you! 
Yesterday my sister left to go back to her state \ Oh that must be hard.  Are you guys really close
We are, and it's painful to see her go because I know I wont see her again until next year \ Man I know how that feels.  When I go to visit my sister and nieces, I have such a hard time when its time to fly home
My mother-in-law once told a secret of mine that she promised she would never tell \ Oh no! That's my greatest fear that people will tell my secrets
I know it really hurt me and I had to work on trusting her again with other things \ Aw, perhaps she just slipped up? It does happen even to the best of us
One of my well knows patients that has horrible diabetes came in today for a follow up.  \ Is your patient improving an following good medical advice?
Yes. After 3 years of working with her she finally started to take her medication as prescribed as well as watch her carb and sugar intake. I checked her blood sugar today and to my suprise it was normal! \ That would be a surprise.  A lot of people are not dedicated enough to change their condition, especially those with diabetes.
I am going to ask my for a raise at the end of the week.  I feel I deserve it but am really nervous to bring up the subject to him. \ You have done such a great job! You should be proud of yourself and not be afraid to do so. 
Yeah, my wife says the same thing.  My boss is kinda intimidating though and it causes me to second guess myself at times. \ Don't be ashamed or set yourself short espcially since you worked so hard. If you feel scared or hesitant to do so than I would talk to her boss to possibly set up a meeting.
Sucks that I didnt make the team, I tried so hard. \ What sport are you talking about?
Hockey, I play center. \ I really do not like hockey, it is boring as hell
I am so angry at myself lately. \ How come you're so angry?
I was dating this wonderful woman and I ended up cheating on her. \ That is no good at all, how come you did that?
One night when my children and I came home, I saw a shadow inside! I was so fearful and afraid! \ Oh that can be scary. I don't watch horror movies because I know that I'll do just that!
It was so scary! Luckily, it was actually my shadow! The light made my shadow show up, but it first appeared to be an intruder! \ Well I'm glad you were ok! Sometimes it's not just a shadow
I'm going on a flight next week and I haven't been on a plane before \ Well, I'm sure you are super nervous! Of course, I have no doubt all will be well and a new experience for you!
You're right it makes me quite nervous and scared, but I'm going to try and get through it! \ Yes, and worse case, perhaps you can carry something on board to help relax your nerves, just in case. There's always alcohol too!
I was amazed with the good performance I put up on stage yesterday  \ Well done, what type of performance was it?
Dance performance  \ Was it a ballet. I enjoy watching dance performances.
I enjoy playing squash and I always feel confident when I am on court. \ Woow, are you really good in the court? 
I think I am at my level. I generally win most of my matches. \ Woow, I guess I will like to play you someday
I found out that my wife is pregnant today. \ Are you excited?
Very.  It will be my first. \ Do you know if you're having a boy or girl yet?
No clue \ I hope it's a boy I love kids.
I'm rooting for a son myself.  I can't say she feels the same. \ Got to get him playing some sports for sure.
My girlfriend just left me, this is awful. \ That sucks. Did she say why?
She wanted to try something new, she was bored of me. \ Wow that's harsh.
It is, I don't know what to do anymore, any ideas? \ Find a new girlfriend.  That ship has sailed.   If you're really still want her consider trying to play the jealousy card.  (ie; make her jealous)
I'm gonna do that, thank you for the advice. I could try to kiss someone else to make her mad. \ You don't even have to do that. Keep it classy. Just show up with a pretty girl and have a good time and be a perfect gentleman.  Dont even bat an eye at her.
I'm proud of my wife and children for always being there for me. \ That's great! How old are your kids?
10 and 13 \ That's really when they start to come into their own. Must be really neat!
My headphones have replacable wires, so I bought a replacement cord for them. It arrived and I didn't realize but it is EXTREMELY short. Wish I hadn't wasted my money. \ Can you send it back for an exchange ?
I think I can, but I kind of felt like it was my own fault for not being more attentive. \ We all make mistakes, just send it back and have it the way you want it.
Last weekend, my family and I enjoyed a nice meal together, and then watched a movie. It was a relaxing time at home, just enjoying each other's company. \ That's the best kind of day.
Yes, it was drama free and a relaxing time. \ Must have been so nice, what movie did you watch?
My therapist was so kind to me, I had to tell her a lot. \ That's good you have someone that you can talk to about your problems and feelings. I'm sure it helps!
It really does, I was so grateful about it. She is very helpful. \ It can be hard to find the right therapist, so it's great you have found one that really is there for you and helps.
My dog, riley had to be put to sleep due to congestive heart failure \ I am so sorry to hear about Riley, I know he was an important part of the family. How is everyone holding up after the news?
It was one of the hardest things I had to go through but I know that Riley is not suffering anymore so that helps \ Yes that is true. You know there is peace in another place. He will always be remembered.
You know I really don't trust many people due to a traumatic event from my past. But when EP came along he made me believe in humanity again \ I am sorry you have had a difficult time.  What is EP?
EP are the initials for my husband. He is an amazing man and he shows character that I wish all mankind could have. \ I am so happy you have someone so special in your life!
I'll be getting a promotion in Feb. \ That's great! Is your position changing?
Yes, and I'll get a pretty good raise. \ Oh more money is always good
I'm excited for the plums on my plum tree to ripen \ I'm sure they'll be delicious.
They are, they are usually very sweet \ I'm glad they came in for you.
I didn't tell my friend when her boyfriend hit on me. She was in a bad spot and needed him for financial support, and that's why I didn't tell her. But, I still felt so bad about it. \ I can empathize with you there.  Do you think there might be another way to let her know? 
Well, she had custody of her handicapped grandchild and no job, plus she was very much in love with him. I thought it would just make things worse for her. \ Well money is not everything, one day it will come out and then the timing will likely be worse.
I came home today after a long day at work in a pretty foul mood. \ Well, work can be stressful for many and do that. Often, we can bring it home with us.
I was passed over again for a promotion. They gave it to someone who has been there less than a year. \ That would be very disappointing and frustrating I'm sure. No doubt you wonder why they would do such a thing!
The first time my girlfriend slept over I farted on her leg in the middle of the night.  She knew it happened but didnt say anything.  She also doesnt know that I know. \ Thats... uh... strange?
It was embarrassing but I think that she stayed with me is after is a good sign! \ I think so, you're two peas in a pod.
Me and my girlfriend broke up yesterday. \ Im sorry to hear that.  How are you going?
Doing ok i guess.  Probably better its over now rather than later. \ Thats true.  Just remember that as much as it might sting now there are plenty of people out there and you want to find one that makes you happy all of the time, not just some of the time.
My 15 year old dog just died.  He was my buddy and I am all broken up because of his passing. \ Man that is really hard.  I can relate however b/c my sweet Riley(dog) just had to be put to sleep due to congestive heart failure
Yeah, I understand it was his time to go, but it doesn't make it any easier. \ It doesn't.  Try hard to stay positive and remember he isn't suffering anymore
I am trying a new diet to treat my Lupus.   \ Really!  Good for you!  Are you excited to start or nervous?
I am nervous b/c so much rides on if this works or not.  If it doesn't than I have to take some really powerful meds that i would rather not take \ It's OK to be nervous, but don't let it stop you!  No risk, no reward!
There's a coworker that will not follow instructions on work assignments, so she makes many mistakes. It's so frustrating and aggravating, since it causes others more work. \ That sucks, I work with people like that and it's just more work for other people
Exactly! You try nicely to explain it to her over and over, but she won't listen. Such a nuisance! \ That's horrible, you should tell the boss and get her fired
I baked recently and I was happy to find that my cheesecake was fluffy like the Japanese kind \ Yummy! That's great. It's always nice when you bake something and it turns out just right.
Yes! The top kind of fell a bit flatter after, but it looked kinda like a souffle \ Well, that's okay. I'm sure it tasted fantastic.
My mother picked my daughter up for school to take in the morning, and found her cat dead. It was so hard for my daughter and made us all very upset. \ I bet it was.  Death is never an easy thing to deal with, especially for a child.
Yes, she was only about 9, and loved her cat so much. It broke my heart to see her so upset! \ I hope she will be alright!  I remember how devastated I was when my last dog passed away and I was an adult.  A kids emotions seem to amplify everything! 
I'm trying to get some work done and my dog just wants to play!  I love him to death but he needs to learn to be independent at times too! \ Pets are great, but they can be a bit needy for attention at times. It is great, but not when you are busy and trying to get things done.
Thats very true.  After our first conversation I might have to take a break and play with him a bit.  I might have to log off and go on a sort walk to tire him out. \ A walk will definitely help. He will probably be ready for a nap when you get back, then you can get some work done.
My current employer has financial difficulties. It has layoff 25% of the employees. I started to look for another job. I am expecting to be part of the next layoff. \ Ouch, that really sucks. What kind of industry do you work in? 
I am working in IT but the job market is not good now. It is better to anticipate. \ Ah, I can see why that would be stressful/upsetting. Well, it is good to plan ahead, but don't stress about it too much until you know for certain you are part of that 25%, the odds are still in your favour.
When I was younger, my dog died. He was getting up there in age, but he was still on the young side. Later, we heard the pet food we had been feeding him had been recalled because of similiar fatalities. \ Sorry to hear that. Did someone do anything against the company selling the food?
No, they just had a recall. Apparently they didn't clean out their machines properly when making the food, so it got contaminated.  \ Someone should have sued them.
It was my birthday and my mother came to surprise me. \ Aw thats so nice, how did she surprise you? 
She showed up to my house and brought me a cake. \ Cakes! yessss winning. :) 
I still remember the day i had to say goodbye to my dad. :(  \ Thats too bad. What happened?
He had a heat stroke in the middle of July.  \ Thats horrible. Sorry to hear.
I was watching TV and was just thinking about how much I wish friends was still on the air. I miss that show.  \ You could always watch it online!
I know that, but I would like some new episodes... \ Don't worry, I will tell Hollywood to make new episodes for you!
One time when I was letting my cat outside, it ran out into the streets and got ran over \ Oh my god! That's terrible!
Then I woke up, it was all a dream. \ Oh that's so great!
My sister got a new pair of shoes. They were the same ones that I had been wanting but can't afford. I should have been happy for her but I wasn't. \ A little jealous much?  Maybe you should pick up a side job?
Probably but I can't right now. I know how I feel isn't right but I can't help it. \ Maybe you can borrow them?
I had a good day at work, now i'm kicking back and watching TV for the rest of the day. \ Good for you. You deserve to take some time for yourself. Anything special on that you want to watch?
I need to  catch up on the expanse. \ Sounds like it's going to be a good night. Enjoy.
my son just won first place at his championship swim meet! \ That's amazing!  Congratulations!  Swimming can be tough
Thank you! He takes to it like a fish in water. HaHA! \ LOL I bet you use that line all the time!  I love it
My baby napped for three hours today, which is NOT usual. \ Oh wow, You think you baby might be a little sick?
Nope, I think he was just tuckered out!  I managed to get a lot of housework done, so it was nice. \ I'm glad to hear it. It's always nice to get a little "me" time to get things done.
I hope my real estate lady comes by Monday. She said she was busy and to call her Monday morning \ They are very busy but if she made an appointment with you then she should be there on Monday.
I hope so. I need to sell my house fast. I have super evil neighbors. \ Oh no, you are leaving the neighbors to terrorize some unsuspecting people. That is funny.
actually the exact opposite. These people are trying to set me up  for revenge and one is a cop \ Omg..You should get out fast as you can then. Everyone can't be trusted.
I am so mad at my co-worker today! She had the nerve to tell our boss that I was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character \ Oh no, I hate situations like that, when you still have to see people like every day, ugh.
Especially a co-worker like her. She is not nice to patients or people and she just wants to get me in trouble because she is always in hot water. \ Don't show your anger at all  or let her know it got to you.
Thank you so much! I will take that advice and be calm and cool tomorrow. \ That will bother her more I believe, lol.
I have an amazing brother. He's so great to talk to. I can tell him anything! \ How old is he? Is he mature?
He's in high school, but he is very mature for his age.  \ I am happy for you! I hope you keep being friends forever!
One time when using the public restroom, I had toilet paper hanging from my shoe when I went outside \ Oh man! I hope no one noticed. 
Unfortunately I kept getting looks! It's alright though! \ I'm glad that it all worked out!
i got my sister a line on my cell phone line \ I bet she was really happy about that. 
she was, but I am not. I think she has paid on time maybe twice in two years \ Yikes, that would drive me crazy.
It drives me more than crazy! I wouldnt do that to anyone \ It would drive me crazy also, she should be more considerate. 
exactly \ Maybe she will start paying on time.
I decided to play the lottery the other day and won. \ You are lucky!
Not normally, so I was quite surprised.  \ how much did you win?
$1000. It was enough to help me catch up on my bills. So I was happy. \ I have never won that much. Congratulations
I got my new vacuum finally! It works great and has great suction power.  \ That's awesome! Did it cost you alot?
No, I got it on a warehouse deal. The first one didn't work so I have had to wait all week to get this one. I get a newer version anyhow so it worked out better \ Well I'm glad that it worked out for you!
I had to go to the top of a building for a work meeting. I'm scared of heights so it made me very very nervous. \ I would feel the same! heights are scary
Yeah people are always telling me to confront my fear but I think they are crazy. \ lol! Well it's ok, it's not like you need to do anything with heights- unless you have to fly a lot. I do..but I don't like it
A manager from another team is trying to undermine my work. \ I feel you on that. That is awful. Is there anyone above him?
Yes but I want to make trouble. He is trying his best but he didn't succeed. \ You want to make trouble?
I don't want to make trouble (sorry) \ Oh ok! I see. Well you're not making trouble anyhow, he is
Someone screwed up a work task that I was partnered with. \ Why this happened? Is he bad at what he is doing?
He also wasted 30 minutes of my time and his own and did it out of spite. I think so! Some people just like to be miserable and blame others \ That is terrible if he blamed you.
I cannot wait until I pay off my car \ It will feel good when it done though!
I know. I will have a bit more free income \ And your hard work will pay off!
My aunt died and it was really upsetting. She was my favorite aunt too \ Sorry to hear that
Thanks, she is in a better place though.  \ What happened?
My dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather, who died when I was young. \ Cool. What did it look like?
It's pretty old and worn.  I don't think it's worth much $$$ but it was meaningful anyway \ Are you going to display it?
I keep it in my jewelry box with my few other precious objects lol \ Well that's nice. Maybe you can pass it don to your kids too
I had a few friends over for drinks the other night \ That sounds really nice.  Did you have fun?
It was nice until everyone left and Some money was missing from my bedroom. \ Ugh, that's terrible.  I hope you found the money!
Seeing people who have less than me just makes me so grateful for the blessings I have been given \ Oh yes, at least, you will be in a position to help them in return
absolutely! Always give to people who have less than myself :)  \ That is good. You have a good heart
Really, she surprised me. I was so happy \ What did she surprise you with?
By helping me with my chores, even without me asking \ amazing! Thats really nice
I have a bad experience at the supermarket the other day.  \ Oh no! What happened?
Someone backed into my new car. \ Oh geez, thats terrible!  Did they run from the scene?  Hopefully they left some information.  I was in a hit and run about 4 months after I bought my new car and I felt sick that it was already hit.
I have a goal I want to get on here tonight but my dog really wants to play.  I feel bad that I'm not playing with him but would really like to hit my goal before I do. \ Oh, I bet you are really torn.
I am, I would think I'll be done pretty soon and then take him for a nice long walk. \ I'm sure he will love that. I bet you will see the joy just shining in his eyes.
My manager have me new challenges to achieve. I am sure that I will succeed. \ Sounds like you will! You sound confident in yourself, and I'm sure your manager is, or he wouldn't have trusted you to do it.
I am happy with that. It will help me grow in the organisation. \ Definitely. Hopefully lead to a promotion for you soon!
Many years ago, we were at a friend's house and one of her friend's was there and she was drunk. My husband was very insistent on helping her, but I felt he was being a bit to 'helpful'. It made me a bit angry! \ Wow. Do think he had bad intentions?
Well, she was attractive and at the time, I thought he was thinking that too. But, I know now he was just trying to help her get to a safe place, since she was falling down. But, it was hard to see it at that time lol \ I understand.
I am worried about attending my firearms class. I think I will fail the test. \ Why do you think you will fail?
I haven't practiced enough. \ When is the test? Practice makes perfect! Fit it in!
I got my new vacuum today finally! I couldn't wait to open it up! The last one was broken... \ How much did you pay for the new one?
Only like $65. This is the first new vacuum I have ever gotten! I have always had super old ones \ That is a great bargain, Will you use it tonight?
My girlfriend broke up with me recently \ That's one of the hardest parts of life. What happened??
We drifted apart it seems \ That is hard! Relationships are hard work.
I am looking forward to this weekend in some ways. I am hoping that GOOD positive things will happen. \ What things are you looking forward to?
Well nothing in particular, I am just hoping good things will happen versus anything bad! lol I don't feel so great so it would be nice if this weekend had good things in it :) \ It sounds like your positivity will bring about something good
I am appreciative of my girlfriend, she is very supportive and sweet! \ How does she help you out?
She just helps keep me level and less stressed when I would be a wreck otherwise \ She sounds like a great girlfriend
A friend of mine drove me to work when my car broke down \ That is great of them, did you do anything to pay them back?
I took him out to dinner later on, he's a good friend \ That is nice of you, glad you have supportive friends!
I am really excited for the new super smash bros coming out, that will be such a fun game! \ i haven't played video games in so long.
It is worth getting into, they can be very relaxing \ i agee. i used to loooove playing mortal kombat.
i can't stand going to the bathroom at work after someone else. \ Why is that?
some people are just so nasty. \ I get that, I guess you can just bring cleaning supplies!
I feel bad that I didn't finish painting my mom's house. \ Why didn't you finish?
I got tired, I am sorta lazy. \ Oh. It's not too late is it?
My daughter has been lying to me for a year \ What has she been lying about?
She misplaced my tablet somewhere and swears it just vanished \ Are you going to punish her?
My landlord is boring everyone in the building. He is here every day asking questions. \ What does he ask about?
He is afraid that some person run away without paying the rent. He is afraid that people use too much the heating system \ Wow. That has got to be annoying. I can never finf my landlord
I had wanted to wear a pair of earrings that my grandmother gave me to her funeral. \ Why didn't you wore them?
I couldn't find them. Id had them for so long I couldnt remember where they were \ That is sad. I hope you find them.
I had someone at work ruined our project and wasted my time it made me incredibly angry. \ How'd they ruin it?
Sorry *ruin. They simply decided they would not do the project according to instructions and just wanted to give me a hard time and ruin the time we had to work on it. \ Sounds like a mess, were they punished in some way? 
I saw a mouse run across my kitchen floor \ Aw poor mouse. I have had a few before..We actually rescued a few from our cat :/ 
I hope I can catch it at some point \ They have live traps to catch and release that are only a couple bucks. Mice really are sweet natured.
A coworker is stealing money at work. He threatened me if I said anything about it. \ What are you going to do?
I am too scared to do anything. \ Oh, I hope you seek help for that
I am excited for the football season, I hope the Eagles can repeat! \ I am not a football fan. What did they do last season?
They won the superbowl! \ That is super cool. I hope they win this one too.
I tried to make small talk at my new job's onboarding and the lady ignored me. \ That was rude. Maybe she didn't hear you?
That's what I thought, but we had an awkward stare off for a couple seconds so I'm pretty sure she did! \ Lol. That's funny. Good story for when you become her boss.
I miss hanging out with my friends all night. Those days are over. \ Why does that have to change now?
I have kids and I get tired too quickly lol. I want to be in bed at a decent time now. \ Ah okay! Makes sense, I'm sure being a parent is no joke.
I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that \ How'd she pass away?
From cancer, it is very common in my area \ Sorry to hear that
A co-worker of mine was late with work materials \ What happened to them?
I eventually got them, but it almost cost me this project I've been working on \ Good, sorry you were inconvenienced, hope things get more consistent!
I cannot wait for the new super smash bros game, it looks amazing! \ I used to play that game with my little cousins
It is improving all the time, it has like 70 characters now! \ Cool. I never have time for video games any more
MY daughter taught herself to play the ukelele \ Wow that is impressive, how old is she?
she is 13. I was really impressed \ That is impressive, congrats on raising a smart kid!
I should pat myself on the back lol \ That is impressive, congrats on raising a smart kid!
I was so excited for the COD beta today. \ Call of duty?
Yeah. Do you play? \ I used to play
Well the game doesnt come out until october. \ I might check it out. Get back in the game.
My neice left such a mess over here today \ How old is she?
5 and my daughter is 4. They destroyed the playroom \ you didn't make them clean it up?
i got a yoga mat for free at work today. i'm thinking about trying it out \ Very cool! Have you ever done yoga before or would this be a first time?
this would be my first time \ Cool!  I've heard it can be tough but I think it would be fun to try out!
I was watching my girlfriends son the other weekend and was trying to think of an activity we could do together.  I decided on cooking and got everything before he came over. \ that sounds like fun. for some reason kids really enjoy cooking.
Yeah, he seemed to have a good time.  We made cheese too which was a first for both of us.  It turned out pretty good too which was nice. \ that sounds like fun. i want to try to make mozzerella
I had a bad morning when I went to check my mail. \ Oh man...I hate checking the mail..it could be something crappy
Especially when you find your mailbox laying in about 10 pieces after someone knocked it down last night.  \ Oh god- Do you live in the country?
Not really. I live in town, but it's a small town. \ Then the person might be caught, do you have a camera? That is really crappy of someone! I have seen people put metal or wood pallets next to their mailboxes because of people doing stuff like this
That's a good idea. I might do that. We don't have a camera because we don't normally have any troubles. \ It's a good idea to have one just in case. Murders, robberies etc happen even in small/nice towns. Just for your safety 
Someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. I freeze with anger when that happens \ OMG! I don't blame you. I would be extremely upset also.
I know right? I swear..my blood boils at ANY kind of injustice or cruelty. \ Mine does also! It seems like it just keeps getting worse and worse. 
So true! Especially since you know who got in office...A big bully! \ YES! I hate it. I can't wait till this dark time in our history is over. Hopefully a few people end up in jail! 
I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that \ I don't take death well either!
I guess nobody does, but that is how it goes unfortunately \ Some act like it never happened. A lot of apathy going around. You'll see her again someday!
I'm happy I can afford to take care of my health. If i need something special or specific, I can just buy it usually.  \ That is certainly a blessing, good for you!
It is! I am enjoying it. Things don't always last, so you have to enjoy any good things when they happen.  I have almost never had a time like that in my life where I can even buy necessary items. \ I get that, but I hope that continues for you!
Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I felt very alone, it was a dark time \ Are you happy now?
I think so, I owuld like a better job but that is it \ Well that's good. IT will come it you work for it.
Three is a good number of kids for me \ How many do you have now?
Three. I think I am done lol \ Oh, well there you go, good choice!
My landlord entered my appartment without notifying me. I was sleeping. \ What happened?
I was mad. I woke up and saw him in my room. Then there was an argument. \ I probably would have tried to shoot him thinking he was an intruder
I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares \ I understand. I had that problem when I was kid. Now it is ok.
I still dislike them, I do not know why they still scare me \ Anyway, you can watch other movies.
Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I felt very alone, it was a dark time \ Why?
I was just not a liked person I guess, I was very shy \ You feel liked now?
I used to have to walk hours to my grandmothers after school. \ Why did you not get driven there?
MY mom had moved across town. She would drop me off at school and I would have to walk there after.  \ Wow, that is not safe at all for a kid though
