I live alone. Sometimes it can be hard with nobody around. \ That must feel lonely.  You should go out and try to meet some people!
I think that's a great idea. I will try to go out this weekend. \ Good deal!  Hopefully then you won't feel so alone!
I start a new job on Monday! I am excited but very nervous! \ That's great! I hope you perform well and have a wonderful time. What is your profession?
I hope so to.  I just need to shake these nerves off! \ Just take a few deep breathes and be confident!
I saw a huge spider in my car yesterday. I scared me so! \ That is frightening! especially if you didn't know whether it was a harmful spider or not! What did you do?
I stopped the car and got out and ushered it out of the car. \ Oh, so you were able to get that spider away from you! Good job, hopefully that won't have to happen to you again!
I had a notification that I was eligible to receive a $1000 reward from one of the cards I use. I just had to wait and see what the outcome was in a few weeks. \ That sounds like a great deal. Get the money and do something great with it.
It would be great, but the wait is something you can only keep checking back on to see if there has been progress or not! \ Hopefully all goes well. We could use a little cash.
I hope that this summer I can go to Florida with my family \ Wait, summers already over? Next summer?
Summer is not over until Labor Day! We still have the whole month of August!! \ Oh really? I thought summer ended after July. You learn something new everyday lol
I can't wait for the movie Mile 22 to come out. I love seeing UFC fighters in movies! \ I have not seen any UFC movies. I guess I should watch one to give them a chance.
They are decent actors but I just love seeing them in Hollywood and given a chance. It's so cool. \ Who are some of your favorite fighters?
I am just by myself this weekend  and i do not like it \ That's terrible maybe getting out of the house and checking out our yard sale will cheer you up. 
That is a great idea, thanks for the tip \ no problem! Hope to see you 
I never can get myself to give away their baby items.  \ You are telling me you are a hoarder?
lol no I just can't part with items that mean a lot to me like my kids baby things like first shirts ect. \ Everyone is nostalgic one way or another.You are fine
My roommate eats my food sometimes. This makes me so angry! \ You should get a mini fridge and put it in your room, with a lock on it.
I think that's a great idea. I know where to get those fridges for cheap. \ Yea man go for it, don't procrastinate.
I was talking to this girl, we had amazing chemistry and then she ghosted. \ That's unfortunate. I have experienced similar things. I hope that she comes back around.
I hope so to, because I don't see any reason why she would just stop talking to me or ignore my text, its weird. \ Yeah, it is. But just realize that you are not the one acting weird.
I get to take Monday off! \ Nice! Usually Mondays suck but not for you! You are so lucky
I know, it's been ages since I've had Monday off. It's almost like a dream. I won't even need to drink coffee that morning! \ Make the best of it! 
I hate it when my internet cuts off and starts slowing down. It bugs me out so much, maybe it's time to upgrade ISP. \ Ugh, I am with you on that. Mine has been doing that all week. It's so annoying and it costs even more to switch to someone else
I know right. I usually try disconnecting and reconnecting it but it doesn't do anything. I need to find a cheaper ISP. \ Sometimes resetting the modem & router helps. But, it won't do much if the ISP isn't good to begin with. Careful with going too cheap, though, you might end up worse
My wife is at the hospital getting checked right now. I think we might be getting good news about a new addition to the family. \ Thats awesome, congratulations for sure
Thank you so much. I can't wait to get the good news from her.  \ I am sure you are both going to be happy
My brother got suspended for something he did not do in high school by a very vindictive teacher. \ Wow. What a mature teacher.
Yeah she eventually was fired a year later, but it still makes me angry to think about it \ Was the fire related to the incident or did she get in trouble for something else?
Hi, I am concerned about the financial situation of my employer. \ Have  you thought about talking to your boss about it?
I don't think it is a good idea. There was a layout off six month ago.  \ You should still speak to him about your concerns.
So I am home from work and Marks car was outside. I went in and him and Liz were kissing on the couch. \ This is terrible. So sad to hear that. What did you do then?
I made them both leave but me and Liz are breaking up.  \ Did she already move out?
I was feeling nostalgic while I was packing away baby clothes earlier. I guess I'm getting soft. \ Every adult has some nostalgic feelings of becoming a child again. Adult responsibilities are overwhelming
They are. It makes me misty-eyed to think that there was ever a time when I didn't have to pay bills. \ Indeed. Growing up, i now realize how much my parents have sacrificed in order to provide for me
I have a final exam for my Economics class tomorrow. I had been studying the whole past week and am ready to ace it \ Good luck! Hard work always pays off. 
Indeed. Besides, hard work boosts your confidence and make you more to believe in yourself \ Yes, you will coquer that exam!
I am optimistic about my health. I've gained a little weight but I think with some motivation and consistency, I can lose it all. \ That's great! What strategies are you using?
Trying to cut down on carbs and drink more water. \ Have you heard of the ketogenic diet? I am thinking about going on it.
What is ketogenic diet? \ It is one where fats are 75% of the diet, protein is 20%, and carbohydrates are 5%. It's very difficult to do, but I think I am going to do it. You should look it up to see what it is all about
I recently lost my sister to breast cancer. She was very young and has left three little girls. I have been devastated. \ Wow, that truly is devastating. I wish your family can make it through these hard times :(
My parents health has deteriorated rapidly, and they refuse to go get counseling. It's very sad for me to see. \ If my sister died to breast cancer, I would be so depressed to the point of my health deteriorating too. :(
I was recently rejected by a person that I enjoyed. You can't always get what you want. \ Amen to that.Life is so unfair it's not even funny.
Life is not fair, but it is also amazing in that we are here to begin with \ Life is so complex.We had no idea of the design of that
I am sure the democrats will win in November. \ That's probably true, but who knows in this country.
All the indicators are favorable.Trump needs to get his ass kicked. \ I hope so. I think he will be out, but apparently his approval rating has gone up.
Our family has been a little down lately because our grandmother recently passed away \ Awe I am so sorry to hear that.  What happened?
She had some heart issues. Its going to be hard around the holidays \ I imagine so.  The holidays are the times we really miss those who are no longer with us.  I hope in time though you can remember the happy times and the good memories you have made with her over the years.
I was walking down the street yesterday in my brand new summer dress.  I though i was gorgeous! Suddenly a big gust of wind came and blew my dress up around my ears! Where I succeeded in flashing my underwear to the entire street.  Oh the embarrassment. \ Oh my goodness! Thats terrible. Did anyone see? My face would be bright red.
Oh my face was very red indeed and yes unfortunately I got a hugh cheer from a group of lads who witnessed it all.  I was so mortified I just ran home.  Later though I chatted about it with my friends and was finally able to laugh about it. \ I'm sure this will be one of those times where you cringe when you think back on it! I'm sure you made those guy's days though
I'm a little anxious about an upcoming move. It's to a *very* different state with a *very* different climate and way of life! \ What is the state and do you like change?
We've been great with change, including a few overseas moves under our belts. But this is to Anchorage! I've read a lot, and there's a lot to be excited about -- but man, those looooong winters! \ Oh that is all the way into the cold and wet wild! Do you have or will you think of getting sled dogs?
Ha! Not likely in the city....but hey...who knows! I WILL use the opportunity to finally learn how to cross country ski. \ lol, right. You will have great fun!
Hi friend, have you ever been to the mountains? \ LOVE the mountains. Mainly in the New Mexico / Colorado area -- but also to the Alps. How about you?
I have never been but once, to a trip in the Alps with my friends! \ Lovely! Did you ski or sled? Sledding is a whoooooole different animal there!
I was trying to book a holiday to Europe, but the flight prices have doubled. \ That is such a bummer. Summer is an expensive time to travel. I went to Ireland in July but I bought the tickets in March so they were pretty cheap. 
We were shooting for a fall trip, but it's looking like it won't happen now.  I guess I waited an hour too long to hit the confirm button \ Oh that is so frustrating. I'm sorry to hear that. I am a travel agent- flight prices fluctuate by the hour- keep watching, they might go back down. 
I booked a surprise anniversary trip and I can't wait to tell my spouse, but she might be mad because she doesn't like surprises.  \ That's exciting!  I can't imagine getting upset over a surprise trip though!
I'm the same-I'd just be excited! She likes to always know what's going on. I think I'll drive her to the airport and then tell her.  \ I would be thrilled!  I think it's a great idea
The economy has been doing well. The future looks bright. \ I agree!  Things look really good going forward.
Hopefully prosperity will carry over into the next few generations. \ I hope so as well, especially for my kids sake!
I participate in crossfit competitions. I have been training hard and feel really good about my ability to place. \ That's probably great for your body and fitness.
It is.  I am in the best shape of my life and feel like I can do anything! \ That's great. Keep up the wonderful work. Do you diet well too?
I feel so bad because I took what was my daddy's rolex watch without his permission \ Uh oh. For fun or you needed it for something?
he had 6 of them, I feel ashamed because he passed on last week and the family lawyer told me he willed them to me, the shame was because I didn't trust him  enough to wait \ Oh, I see. Well we all think differently about things we reflect on later. Use it as a personal lesson for other things in life
My dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while I was at work. Little devil \ well, something must have gone wrong somehow, I think you should talk to your vet doctor
I will later today, but I suspect he got into something he shouldn't have. No more free roaming for a while \ Yes I think you can try chaining it
There was a storm last night and a tree fell onto my roof. I think I need to get the roof re-shingled and I am lost for words... \ oh that was so sad.don't fed up.you have to go through this problem
It really sucks. I just started saving some money but now it's going to the roof. I am so devastated!!! \ please don't worry .you have to be so confident in these times.keep going whatever happens
Thank you for the kind words my friend \ that's my duty friend.you have the power to defeat your problems.make it soon
last day ,in my office my chief scolded me very rustic way for the unnecessary reason.it was so irrirtating \ Why? What happened?
my assistant took some files in a wrong table.that was a simple mistake and he scolded me for this. \ Wow, what the heck. Tell your chief it was your assistant who did it
i had a friend whos life was going down hill with drugs, he threw himself in rehab got his first job , within a few months got asked to be manager i was awe at all of this \ That is absolutely amazing. That could be an inspiration to so many different people.
Drugs are bad, but he was homeless for a bit as well , its beautiful how things can change so dramatically  \ You know that almost sounds like that could be a movie. There are so many people caught up with drugs today in the United States and around the world
My sister unfortunately will not seek help for her alcohol problems, and she will not even admit to them. I am extremely sad apprehensive about what might happen to her. \ Im sorry to hear that , i hope she can find a way stop this before she spirals out of control
I have been trying to get my family and her friends to have an intervention, but they have not agreed to it. She really needs one. \ She really does need an intervention , and family and friends would help greatly , i hope she can get her life back together 
Just came back from a job interview. Seem to hit it off with the interviewer. \ That is great! Have you been looking for a job for long?
Yep. About half a year. \ I bet it is a good feeling and are looking forward to hearing from them. 
My mom is here visiting me and my family. It has been a really fun visit.  \ Sounds nice. How long has it been since you've seen her?
About seven months. Too long.  \ Oh wow. That is a long time. Do you live far apart?
Hi friend, something terrible just happened to me! \ Oh, I'm so sorry! Do you want to talk about it?
Yes, my brand new car is now ruined! \ Argh! Was it an accident of some kind? I hope YOU are okay!
It was still so unexpected when my husband and I -- who were open to getting pregnant -- found out that we actually were! \ Oh my god, that's excellent! Congrats!
Oh, that was nearly 20 years ago ;-) But I'll always remember that Chicago day, Halloween, visiting the Shedd Aquarium with friends. \ Oh, lol. Did you get to see any sharks at the aquarium?
The thing I most remember were the beluga whales. So beautiful, in their own weird way -- and a baby beluga had just been born. It seemed provident! \ Oh cool, yes that is very interesting. So how big were those whales in feet and the baby too?
The horror film I saw last night can cause nightmares. It was so scary! \ I know how you feel! What did you watch?
I ended up watching The Ring! It was ridiculousness. \ It is a pretty good horror.
I so get how you feel because I decided to watch Insidious the other night on my own.  I scared the life out of myself afterwards because I thought I kept seeing shadows and hearing noises and had myself convinced someone or something was in the house with me! \ That's crazy! I'm glad there was nothing there.
Oh no just my vivid imagination lol.  I do love a good horror but usually I watch them with my husband.  I am clearly not as brave on my own!! \ Some horror movies are so great that they make you consider your own environment.
My daughter was accepted into Harvard. She starts in the fall. \ That is very impressive. She going to make sooo much money
She worked so hard and it's really expensive so I hope so! \ Any employer would hire someone who went to Harvard in a heartbeat. You are a lucky parent!
I always try to put myself before my dogs. I love them so much! \ I love them too. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a Husky and a maltese Shiz Tzu. They are my little babies!  \ Awww, I bet they are. I don't have a dog right now but I want one. I just don't know what breed yet.
My friend purchased a new car. The ride is sweet! \ Nice what kind of car is it they purchased?
They ended up getting a Honda Prelude. \ Ok that is a nice car what color is it?? 
I helped a doctor's assistant over a couple of months \ That's great. I bet it was wonderful experience.
It was she wasn't really good ans i had no problem helping \ That's cool. Taking that experience into the next phase will be pivotal.
I am so mad! I was supposed to start my vacation on Monday and my boss is making come into work! I can't believe he would do that! \ Wow, that is messed up. Why did your boss change mind so suddenly?
A project for our team had an accelerated time line.  Still made me mad though! \ I guess that makes sense but still. I would have been furious and let them know I had a vacation planned.
I've been single for some time now. I am alone and sooo sad. \ Try to put yourself out there!  You can also try online dating!
I've been trying those but no luck yet. I am so lonely. \ Never stop trying!  There are plenty of fish in the sea!
I have spent alot of effort grooming my daughter to be a smart girl, she did well last semester with straight As and I am very proud of her \ woow that is good of her. encourage her to keep shinning
I will she already knows what she wants to become, she wants to be a lawyer \ i love lawyers too especially the serious ones as they know how to bring back justice
i cried a lot but i had to let it go \ wow, what happened?
i had lost a very close friend \ I'm so sorry to hear about that
I graduated college recently. I'm so glad! \ That is excellent, what did you major in?
I majored in environmental engineering! \ Oh cool. Do you want to work as a scientist?
Hi friend, I like to go to church and pray. \ That's great. The community aspect of church is fun.
I agree. The people in the church are also very nice. \ Yes, that's probably true. I bet they are very happy, too.
I hate presenting a project in front of my class. It's so nerve-racking.  \ I feel you.I am that way to.I fear public speaking.
I hate it so much. Nothing makes me more anxious, ugh. \ I t is an strong feeling for sure.
my car had a small accident recently \ I am sorry to hear that.Did you get hurt.
no it was a minor accident , but car got damaged little \ Do you have full cover?
I cheated on my girlfriend recently. I feel horrible about myself right now. \ Sorry to hear about that.  I wonder if there's any way to fix this situation.  What do you plan to do?
I plan on coming clean at some point, but I'm not sure how to break the news. \ Coming clean is a great way to start.  It's hard since you know she'll be hurt.  Were you having trouble in the relationship before?
Sometimes revisiting the past is great for personal reflection. Maybe contact those people sometime. \ You're so right.  I did that this morning and called an elderly aunt.  We had the best conversation!
That's great! I bet she loved to hear your voice. \ She did!  It really made my day too.  I wish I could go back and take the time to reach out more to my loved ones. 
My dogs passed away 2 years ago. My family adopted me one this past weekend on my birthday. \ Sorry to hear about your other ones...What breed is the new one
Thank you. She's a jack russel and very spunky! \ Haha nice never a dull moment I bet
I took the last cream soda from a pack that belonged to my buddy from the fridge when I was drunk. Didn't think it was a big deal until he told me he drove 5 hours just to get them and they were expensive. I felt kind of bad so I bought him a happy meal  \ Was he okay with the happy meal?
Yes \ That's good to hear!
I became friends with a girl in college. I was jealous of the men she dated, especially as she told me she would have dated me if we weren't friends. \ Thats unfortunate. Sometimes, people don't know how to make a move and are waiting for you to make a move.
Yeah sorry I didn't hit on you immediately. I wish she would have just never metioned any interest in me. \ Thats a good point. Now you are always going to wonder 'What if'?
I just had a job interview and I think I nailed it. I left there feeling very confident. \ That is good, that is a situation where confidence is very helpful.
I can't wait to hear back from them. I am ready for a new opportunity. \ Best of luck to you, I'm sure they saw your excitement and confidence and employers love that.
Someone stole an ice chest out of the back of my truck \ What's an ice chest? 
Its a insulated box for storing cold goods. \ Oh, I should have known that. Do you have any leads on who might've stolen it?
I hate seeing my best friend depressed. I've seen them so happy in life but seeing them like this now makes me feel unhappy. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried to cheer them up?
I've tried calling and texting but she is not answering. I am so sad because I don't want her to do anything crazy... \ Does she have any family you can call to check on her? 
I never did find out why there were so many police cars there today. \ Where did this happen?! Were there any other people with you?
In town, I had my kids with me to buy school supplies. \ Did it happen while you were in the store? I hope that your kids did not see anything too disturbing.
I can not wait until some of my family come in to town. They will be coming in to town in two weeks. \ When is the last time you seen them?
I saw them last summer which seems so long ago. I am very excited to see them because I am very close to them. \ That's awesome I hope yall have a good time!
whats is your opinon on situation like this? \ On what situation? 
I don't like doing my job and the duties of other co-worker that slack.. \ My opinion is I don't mind doing my own job but if I have to do my co-workers jobs, I would get furious. It is not fair?
I have 2 working arms and legs. I am so thankful for not being handicapped in life. \ I'm grateful for my limbs as well, this the reason I'm a hard worker. I appreciate what god gave me.
I know right? We could have gotten so much worse in life. \ So t
I often get nostalgic when I think back to my high school years. I had some very good friends. \ Do you still talk with any of your older friends?
Yes, I talk with several of them. I wish I had time to keep up with and talk to more though. \ Do you have little time from working or other things?
Hi, I found a kitten last week! \ That is so amazing! Do you love cats as much as I love dogs, Ha!
Maybe I do. I kept this one and named it Kitty the Kat. \ I found a cat too as a stray. We kept hoping we would find it's owner so never gave her a name so her name was forever Miss Kitty.
I was on my way to an interview the other day and was overly anxious. \ Oh, those are never fun. But they usually end up being better than you expect. 
That's so true, it ended up going over very well. I had no reason to be nervous. \ But at least you took the time to prepare! That's better than some people
My friend learned to speak another language (quite fluently) in 3 months \ That's honestly really amazing, most people take forever to learn even a tiny bit of a foreign language.
I know! I doubt I could do that. I tried to before, but I quickly gave up. Maybe too quickly \ Some people just have amazing dedication, something I don't seem to have.
Last week was my birthday. I thought everyone forgot about it because no one wished me a happy birthday at work. \ Oh, that's awful. Did you mention it to anyone? 
No but in the afternoon I noticed everyone was disappearing. Then all of a sudden I heard them singing Happy Birthday to me. I was so surprised! \ Yay! So they threw you a surprise party! That's awesome. You must have been so happy. Was there cake?
I found my old high school yearbooks that other day.  \ Oh that is pretty cool. What did you think?
I think that I didn't appreciate not having to worry about adult stuff back then!  \ Yeah, we were blissfully unaware of the real world in those days. It must have been nice to reminisce.
I am feeling a blue wave coming in november. \ What do you mean?
The Democrats are going to swip the elections \ Ah, gotcha. I am a not strong republican and I agree with you. Trump has had his days.
I hate being single! It makes me so bitter seeing happy couples everywhere. I'm so sad... \ I am sorry to hear that.Have you try dating APPS
Yes, but they seem to be filled with way better looking people. I am so sad. \ Sometimes personality is better than looks
My neighbor died in a car crash." \ Oh my.  I'm so sorry to hear that.  What happened?
He lost control of his car and crashed into a median. \ That's really sad.  I hear about fatal car accidents more and more these days.  
The news gets me so upset.  I just heard about a mother murdering her 4 year old daughter.  I'm so disgusted right now. \ That's pretty awful. Some people have serious mental problems.
I know.  It's just so hard to see when innocent children are victims.  It breaks my heart. \ It is very sad.
I decided to ride out a hurricane in my home. It was one of the scariest experiences ever. \ Oh my, it must have been so scary! Do you live in an area commonly affected by hurricaines?
I am in Florida, so yes. The sounds are the worst. The howling of the winds and the rain and debris pelting your home. \ Was your home damaged? Was anyone hurt in your area? I've never seen a hurricaine, except on the news. 
I had a downed tree and roof damage, no one died around here but lots of homes were lost. \ You must have to pay a lot for insurance. The weather certainly is getting more unpredictable. 
I had a crazy week with 4 big events and I'm so happy to be at home relaxing in the air conditioning today. My dogs are happy too! \ Air conditioning is very nice. My dogs love the outdoors but they want AC after a good, long walk!
It's very hot here today, and also a long weekend, so a little down time is nice.  \ Yes it is very hot and humid where I am. Always makes a good excuse to kick back in a nice, cool house!
Sure is! I will probably binge watch some Netflix in a bit too! \ Video games is my plan lol.
I am so angry my co-worker stole from me yesterday. How could they do this to me... \ What was it that they stole from you there?
My YMCA membership card and some of office supplies. I've let my co-worker borrow that stuff a couple times but now they feel entitled to it so they steal from me I guess. \ If they feel entitled though then maybe they are thinking that all is normal?
I am going to the music concert this weekend! \ Awesome! What music concert?
The group called, super cellphones. You might not have heard of them? \ Never heard of them. What music genre is it?
I am feel pretty mucky things have been pretty stable at home. \ That has got to feel good!  You must feel very happy and relaxed!
Yes I am and thankful since I have 3 young kids at home,  \ Cherish this time you have, because you never know when it could change!
There was a motivational speaker at my office a couple weeks ago. His speech really resonated with me. \ Oh wow, what was the subject of the sppech? 
The speech was on the importance of teamwork and being positive! It was really inspiring! \ Oh wow I bet it was a good thing for the whole office to hear! 
Seeing nice cars on the road inspires me. I bet they worked very hard to get those cars! \ cars are truly inspiring to see how theyve evolved
Yes, but seeing the hard work the people who own them had to put in is the most impressive part.  \ it's important to take care of and maintain things you own. if properly maintained they can last for a long time.
i had a dream that i was with my brother hanging out having a great time. when i woke up i was so bummed it was only a dream. \ Lol, happens to me all the time. I love those types of dreams and it sucks when they end.
it's common. he's just 800 miles away so it makes me even more bummed. \ Are you guys close? You should visit him sometime?
I saw a horror film last night! It was such a scary experience! \ Yikes what was it about?
A young girl would come out of the TV if you watched a video. \ creepy.  Were you able to fall asleep after watching it?
I am not really a sentimental person but I always feel so special when my husband takes me back to the place we spent our anniversary \ That's great. I bet it is a very special place for you two.
Yes, it is a very private Bed and Breakfast and we try to go back as often as we can. \ Sounds like a nice little place. I am glad you two have that spot to share.
Hi friend, guess what just happened that made me cry. \ What's that? Hope it wasn't too bad!
I was all ready to go and see my favorite band and then the entire show was canceled. \ Oh wow, what a bummer! Not that it makes it any better, but at least you're not alone. Maybe you'll get a refund?
While getting into my car after shopping, I realized I had walked out without paying for the flash drive I had picked up. \ Oh no, did you return to the store and pay?
I didn't, I really didn't want to walk all the way back to the store. I know... I do feel pretty bad about it. \ Maybe you should go ahead and do it?
I'm going to take a trip on a cruise ship next weekend. \ That's awesome! Where are you going on the cruise?
It goes around  the carribean \ Watch out for the pirates of the Caribbean and the Bermuda triangle!
I am so scared for my sister's health. She is in the hospital and I hope she doesn't have cancer. \ Have they already done a biopsy?
In the process right now. I am so afraid of the results... \ I'm sure everything will turn out ok
I hate being in public by myself. It gets me super nervous and I turn bright red. \ Oh, that must be so stressful. Does it happen all the time - like even at the grocery store?
Sometimes, only when I am by myself. I am just an anxious person in general so there's that. \ Do you have someone to go places with you? Or do you just have to power through it?
I got a gift card to a restaurant I've been wanting to try for a long time.  \ What restaurant is it for? 
It's a local non-chain Greek restaurant. It's fancy and supposed to be very good.  \ Sounds good. I love mom n pop restaurants. So much better than big popular restaurants.
I was devastated when I recently had to my chihuahua Riley to sleep.  She had Congestive Heart Failure. \ at least Riley passed in their sleep. Hopefully they didn't suffer. i'm sorry you lost a loved one.
Thank you.  She was my constant companion.  I loved her so much \ i have a big doofy mutt who is a 75 lb lap dog in his heart. i know the feeling
my coworkers had a get together after work and never even invited me \ Wow that must have stung!
i feel like an outsider all the time with them \ I am so sorry.  It must make work hard
I went on a blind date last week. Honestly, I didn't know what to expect at first. \ That sounds really interesting. Were there any good matches?
It was alright, but it was hard to find common ground at first. \ Well at least you are putting yourself out there. A lot of people give up on finding love.
It was a nice day so I decided to walk to work recently. I was feeling great until I heard a loud squishy noise. \ Don't tell me you stepped in dog poop.
How did you guess? I looked down and saw I nailed a fresh steaming pile of dog wonder. Well let's just say my mood quickly turned very foul! \ C'mon man, I just finished eating. I hope you took a shower and bought some new shoes.
My daughter got into an Ivy league school after high school. I am so happy for her! \ You must be so happy and proud! Is she going to have to move far away to go?
Yes, I am going to miss her when she moves out \ But what a good start in life. If she's going to leave home, it might as well be for the Ivy League.
I have a dentist appointment tomorrow. I think I have a cavity. \ Oh no, I hate cavities. Are you brushing your teeth eVeryday?
Yes, but I think I'm genetically hosed when it comes to teeth. I really hate it.  \ Dang, that sucks. I hope you can find a solution for that
I found out my wife is pregnant today! \ Oh wow, congratulations!
Thanks, we've been trying for ~3 months now \ I'm sure you'll be great parents!
I would like to go vegan, but anytime I try a vegan dish, I REALLY dislike it. Like, stomach turning dislike. \ It really limits your dietary choices.  I don't recommend it.   Have you considered vegetarian?
I haven't, but maybe I'll give it a try! \ Or you could even just drop the vege anything and just minimize your animal protein intake
I had a doctor's appointment last week and had to wait over an hour to see him. \ I bet you were very annoyed
I was. I actually scheduled the first appointment of the day just to make sure that didn't happen! \ Wow, you prepared for this type of thing and it still happened? I would express my annoyance with the doctor for sure
I can't wait for Halloween! I love everything about it like the candy and outfits! \ Do you do the whole nine yards, decorating your home, dressing up to scare the kids?
Duh! I'm pretty old but the kid's expressions never get old! lol \ Do you live somewhere with lots of trick-or-treaters? It sounds like fun.
I can not believe that Donald Trump became President. It just goes to show you that anyone can become President in the United States. \ I absolutely agree. I really hope he doesn't win in 2020.
We shall see. I truly believe that he has done some much damage to our country in so many different ways. \ He's like an angry child trying to make everything about himself!
When I shop online for computer parts, I like to use newegg because I am confident their items will ship fast and on time. \ I have never used newegg before, and I think that sounds like that are very good at what they do. I might have to check them out!
They are great! Have been around for a very long time and I've bought from them since I was a teenager. \ I will have to check out newegg based on your recommendation. They sound fantastic so thanks!!
A few days ago my friends threw a party for me \ What happened?
They got a cake, blew up some balloons, and all jumped up and surprised me when I came in the door. It was quite shocking \ Oh, wow. Sounds like they really care about you. 
My boyfriend and I got into an argument a few days before my birthday party about catering options. \ Oh? Big fight or one of those little fights?
Big fight. These kinds of things--picking out foods--make me very frustrated because I have ADHD/Aspergers.  \ Ah, I see. Well I hope it at least got worked out for you guys
I was watching olympic figure skating on TV the other day. I was so amazed at how graceful they were. \ I feel you. That sport is very majestic and can be considered any art form
Yeah, I saw a triple axle and was awe-struck. They must have been practicing for years! \ For sure, that move is really hard. Only a few dozen people can do it in the world at a high level
I saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. I've been scared of seeing another one all day... \ Whoa, that must have giving you a fright. Maybe you could pretend it is Charlotte, the benevolent spider.
Lol, that's funny. I'm trying to go about my day but I'm still afraid of like accidentally stepping on one. \ Well they do like to hang out in corners. I would try not to worry too much. They are more interested in bugs.
I don't have a car anymore but I am content with that. Everything I need is within walking distance so whatever. \ Well that's good to hear. Some people's lives depend on their vehicles and it would be a lot worse on them.
Yeah, I am grateful at the moment \ Are you saving up for another car?
My afternoon was very relaxing. I sat outside in the nice weather and watched my kids play in the yard. \ I'm jealous of you! I find it hard to wind down sometimes
It's not often I get days like this, but it was great! I just felt a sense of relaxation and joy. \ Sounds like you had a great relaxed afternoon!
My son scored a perfect 1600 on the SATs!! \ Wow, you must be proud! He might cure cancer next!
I am proud. And he may eventually cure cancer, but I'd settle right now for him cleaning his room! \ Geniuses don't do chores my friend.
I went to my moms funeral yesterday, but surprisingly I wasn't sad at all. I was at peace because she accomplished a lot during her time here on earth. \ I'm so sorry to hear about your mom. It's good that you're at peace with it, though. 
Yeah, she's in a better place now. \ But a part of her is still here in you. 
Once I was suppose to go visit my sister and nieces who I hadn't seen in forever but I ended up breaking my heal and big toe and wasn't able to go. I was so upset! \ Dang, that sucks. MAybe they can visit you instead?
Yeah, hopefully so.  It isn't healing correctly is the problem or else I would just go in my cast. \ Ah, gotcha. Well I hope you heal fast!
I found an old iPod in my drawers this morning. The memories I had with this thing hit me hard. \ Oh I have had that happen before.  What type of memories?
Just nostalgia in general. I found an old playlist of the songs I used to listen to years ago. \ music brings back lots of memories
Over the summer my family went to Alabama to visit family and I felt a lot of emotions \ I guess you don't live in Alabama? Was it overall a good trip....or challenging? Or both!
No, I do not live in Alabama. We drove and trip was overall very good as sometimes it can be challenging when driving such a long distance \ Well, if the drive was the most challenging it sounds like a good trip! Too often it's family dynamics that are *more* challenging -- and not so easily taken care of. ;-)
I was recently working on a project where unfortunately, my teammate really didn't pull their weight. \ That is the worst!! I know that you must have been very frustrated with your teammate.
Yep. Especially when you feel that you get dinged for the overall project. And at the same time, you don't want to complain about it, because it makes *you* look bad! \ There have been a number of times where this has happened to me too. I hope that doesn't happen to you too much in the future!! :)
Someone broke the headlight on my truck. \ On purpose or accident?
I assume on purpose \ That's messed up. Do you know who did it? 
I ate at a restaurant this morning and their bathroom was beyond gross. It was weird because the eating area was squeaky clean but their bathroom was the opposite. \ That's disgusting.  Makes me wonder what their kitchen looks like.
I know right? I should have let them know to be honest. \ I'd atleast leave a review about it.
Someone broke and ran into my mailbox this morning. I can't believe they didn't even leave a note... \ Oh, that's crappy. Is it totaled or fixable? 
It is totaled. I have to get a whole new mailbox and I am furious! \ Not how you want to spend your Sunday, that's for sure!
My husband and sons left town for weekend.  \ They left you all alone? I bet you feel lonely...
Yeah, it was cool for a while, but the house is way to quiet now \ I know that feeling. I like to keep the TV on to drown out the silence
I am ready for my job interview in a couple days. I have everything I need from attire to answers to questions! \ That sounds like you should get the job for sure! Your competition doesn't stand a chance!! :)
Thanks! I feel very prepared for it! \ Well, I hope the job is close to where you live. Long commutes are the worst, and they can take away from your personal time.
I found out yesterday that I have a nest of yellow jacket bees in my front yard. They can be so aggressive. \ I hate bees and wasps so much. Maybe you should call pest control?
I will be able to take control of it myself as I have done so in the past. It still makes it difficult because I can not mow the grass until it gets taken care of. \ That sucks, I hope you get it figured out!
I was raped. I have just gone for a test to know if I am pregnant or I caught a disease from the bad experience \ Oh, I am so sorry this happened to you. What an animal! When will you know the results of your tests?
Its ok , I am so anxious about my status  \ Hopefully the medical personnel will understand your predicament and your worry and will expedite the results. Until then, do you have someone you can confide in or just talk to?
Since that earthquake in the early hours of the morning I realized how badly off I would be if I didn't get an emergency packet together. So that's what I did - cash, water, important documents, a change of clothing. \ wow, it must have been quite an experience
It was enough to wake me, but not the cat, lol. It just made me realize that the Big One could happen any time and I would have been up the proverbial creek! \ My prayers are with you buddy. Stay safe
At the end of the year, a good friend of mine who I haven't seen in a while is coming down to visit. \ That sounds exciting. How long has it been since you've seen eachother?
6 years. But we've kept in touch over social media ever since he moved. \ That's great!
I purchased my first new vehicle yesterday. \ That must be very exciting! I hope to get a new vehicle soon as well.
Its not the cheapest but, i've always baught used and wanted something new for once when it comes to vehicles. \ Yeah, sometimes it's good to get brand new if you can afford it! Buying old runs the risk of it breaking more.
I left my house today with a shirt that had a hole in it. I didn't notice until a stranger pointed it out and I was so ashamed! \ oh, that's okay. I'm sure no one else really noticed it.
Except one stranger did and I was so embarrassed, lol. I wish I had checked the back side before I left my house, ugh. \ That's okay. You gave him a good story to tell. 
So, I bought myself a box strawberry frosted pop tarts last week. Today I went to go have one for breakfast...GONE!  \ Whoever ate it all is evil!!!
I need to interrogate everyone in this house. I'm so angry. You don't mess with Mom's Pop Tarts! \ I know right. I would be so furious!
i started off planting season with a few small seedlings and some plants from seed. i was anticipating the growth of my plants  \ Did the plants grow up to be big and strong?
some grew very big others didn't do so well \ That's good, are you going to try again?
I almost had a crash today! \ oh no. that can be nerve wracking. are you alright?
Yes, I am just a little upset right now. \ that's happened to me before and it really shakes you. at least you are alright which is the important part.
I found albums of old pictures in my attic when I was a little kid. I miss the old days when I had no responsibilities! \ Yeah I heard that before. You must have a twin running around here!
I actually do have a twin, lol. I miss the good ol' days! \ When I was young we had tintypes. You had to stay still for 45 minutes for your picture to be taken. I don't miss the ol' days!
When I was young I loved to spit off of my 10th floor balcony. One day I spit and a lady happened to be walking by at the wrong time. \ Hahahah, that is hilarious. I used to do that but with coins and stuff. I miss being a little ruthless, careless kid!
Well she looked up and was counting the floors. I ran inside terrified and felt so bad. \ I bet she was so confused lol
I was offered a higher paying position at my job, but I'm not sure if I'll accept it due to the added stress. \ If I were you I would accept it because no amount of stress could stop me from making more money.
I don't know. I believe we only get one life, and I'd rather spend my time enjoying life rather than working it away. \ If you accept it you can enjoy taking a nice vacation that you otherwise wouldn't be able to afford.
My neighbor was having a party last night and wouldn't let me sleep. I felt like going out there and giving him a piece of my mind! \ I would do it! Try to be calm about it at first and see how he responds.
No, next time I might snap. They never show any consideration for anybody on the block. They do whatever they want. \ Yeah, something should be done about it!
I bought new flavor of coffee today from Starbucks. I was so shocked at how bad it was. I'm never going to try a new coffee flavor. \ Oh, that's never fun. You think you're going to discover a new favorite and then....blech!
Exactly. That's why I'm going back to my old ways so I don't get disappointed like that. \ The old ways are the best ways sometimes. 
My friend wanted to go to lunch today. I told her I was busy, but really I just didn't want to go... \ I've done that before when I was just annoyed with them. Don't feel bad!
Well, I do feel a little guilty, just sitting here on my couch watching tv \ Who cares! I always like to think of satisfying myself first before others!
I went back to a horse ranch where I owned horses over 20 years ago. Good times \ Awesome. What breed did you own?
A paint (Black and white) and a red quarter horse  \ I love paints, and growing up we had 2 quarter horses that my dad used for calf roping.
The other day I had a flat, but I had my floor jack and 4-way lug wrench in my trunk and was able to get my tire changed and get back on the road within 10 minutes. \ 10 minutes is a good time to be able to change a tire. I do not think I could change a tire own my own. 
I've had so many flats in my life I've gotten quick at changing them. \ Practice makes perfect, or makes you fast in your case.
I was so upset when I lost my wallet last week. I looked all over for it and could not find it anywhere. \ I hope you didn't lose too much money!
Well I was going to give up and cancel all my cards when I got a knock on my door. It was a nice lady with my wallet! I was so thankful I gave her $50. \ Oh wow, that's very nice of her. A lot of people would have just stolen it.
I haven't been to the doctor in ages and I need to take a physical soon. I feel great though, so I think it'll turn out well! \ That is a good attitude. You shouldn't have anything to worry about.
I do exercise a lot, which is why I haven't gone to the doctor in so many years. Kind of a bad habit not to get checked up, though. \ Yeah sometimes doctors will notice something before it gets worse. Better to be safe than sorry!
Hi, Are you afraid of the snakes? \ Yes I am terrified!  We have venemous ones in my backyard - water moccs!
That's a big problem. I almost stepped on one like 30 minutes ago! \ Oh my!  That's so scary!  Glad you're ok!!
There was a guy I liked and my friend knew it but she set him up with our other friend instead! \ What a mean friend person. Did you get mad?
I was really upset especially since they are seriously dating now and I have to see them everywhere! \ That could have been you..
yes, true, but there's probably someone out there better than him! \ Maybe..
So...the sewer line backed up into our house last week.  \ Oh no! That's a smelly situation to be in. What did you end up doing to fix it?
It was truly disgusting. We had to have a crew of plumbers come in and dig up our yard. \ What a pain! I bet that cost a fortune. Did they end up repairing all the portions of yard that they had to rip up?
One time, my friends were daring me to jump into a very cold spring from a height of around 40 feet. I was nervous, naturally. \ I would be too! Did you to it?
Yeah, I ended up doing it. I jumped in and missed a rock wall by probably 2 feet. My legs went numb from the cold as soon as I landed. \ So did you regret doing it? Or were you super proud that you did? 
I lost a couple of loved ones last year and I can't get it off my mind.  \ Have you thought about speaking with a counselor?
I don't think it's at that point yet, but it has been making me feel down pretty often. Mostly at night when trying to sleep. \ Well, you should know that your feelings are a normal thing to happen in this event.
Do you like to drink the coffee drinks? \ I love coffee, actually. I drink a few cups every morning!
You would have been mad at me this morning! \ Oh yeah, why's that? Don't tell me you spilled some delicious coffee!
It was such a relief that I knew the work they were doing in school. \ What type of work are they doing at school?
It was calculus and i hadn't done it in 2 years. \ Ah, I see. Well, it's been a lot longer since I did calculus. Good on you, remembering that stuff!
My dear friend Kris just started a job at a gorgeous golf resort on the shores of Lake Michigan. The green-eyed monster in me wants sooo badly to be there! \ You must be so proud!
I am, but it's so gorgeous and it's a fantastic golf course. And I'm stuck here, bored stupid! I know, I'm being selfish. \ I don't think you're being selfish, you're doing your best!
I got my results back from my doctor and I am so scared. I think I might have cancer... \ Oh my god, I am so sorry to hear that!
I am terrified at the moment. I don't know how much longer I have to live. \ Please try to stay positive. Having a positive attitude can do great things for recovery! Many people have survived cancer!
I played a video game last night that I hadn't played since the 90's. Brought back so many memories. \ I love that feeling of nostalgia. It's an amazing feeling, it's like reliving the past.
Absolutely! It makes the game even more enjoyable. \ I agree. Time flies by so fast!
My friend let me borrow their car for the weekend. I feel like our relationship is on another level! \ Well that is very nice. How long have you guys been friends for?
A few years now. I can't believe how trusting she is of me to let me borrow her car for a few days. I owe her a lot! \ Did you have a special trip that you went on?
Hi friend, how is your day going today? \ It's been mediocre, how about you?
My day is just lovely! I drank big coffee and had hot chats. \ Remember we are role-playing! Don't talk about this or any tasks! :)
The other night I was having this dream where I felt like I was getting rained on. It was a really weird feeling. \ Did the dream feel like it was really happening? Strange indeed.
Well I eventually opened my eyes and saw my dog was licking me all over. I was so shocked I was speechless for a bit. \ Hah! So all that time you were just feeling your dog licking you! Weird how that works.
This morning I ran over my neighbors mail box. When getting home later that afternoon I noticed it was back up. I hope he doesn't know it was me! \ Oops. Well it happens. You better hope they don't have a camera haha.
That's the first thing I thought of! I don't remember ever seeing a camera there. I do feel pretty terrible, though. \ Don't worry. They will probably run over your mailbox one day and hope you don't have a camera.
My brother got out of prison yesterday! It felt so good to see him after such a long time. \ That must have been a great reunion! Who was happier, him or you?
Definitely me, I gave him a big bear hug when he walked out those gates. \ He was lucky to have you waiting there for him!
The transmission in my car died last week. Such an expensive repair \ Ugh, I hate when unexpected expenses arise.
Fortunately, my parents offered to loan me the money to fix it.  \ Well, that was nice of them. I hope you take them out to dinner after you pay them back.
I'm so excited about an upcoming move and life change -- it's a move to a verrrry different state, but should be interesting! \ What state are you going to move to?
Potentially Alaska -- Anchorage, to be specific. We've lived in different places before -- Amsterdam, Zurich, and Hong Kong. And even though it's a US state, it feels foreign somehow! \ Oh that is nice, will you be going skiing?
I am having a baby! I will learn the gender today! \ Wow wow wow! That is wonderful and exciting! Congratulations!!!!! Do you have any vibes as to gender, one way or the other?
I think it's a girl! \ So wonderful, either way. Are y'all having a party?
Visiting Disneyland recently made me feel extremely nostalgic. \ I love Disneyland! It's a very special place filled with great memories and you are never old for that place
For sure!  I went there a lot as a kid, because my grandparents lived right near Anaheim. \ Disneyland? I forgot there's a difference between "land" and "world". I hope you had a great time
I forgot the make my credit card payment yesterday. I feel so bad because I told myself all day yesterday not to forget. \ Was the due date yesterday?  Is the payment late now?  
I think so. I am feel so guilty because the interest was so avoidable. I forget so many things all the time... \ Sometimes there is actually a grace period after the due date.  I've paid bills a couple of days late without a fee (not sure about credit card interest, though).
It was amazing seeing my mother graduate today! \ Graduate from school? I bet you are very proud of her
I am so proud, she is 50 and it's her first degree. \ Let her know how proud you are of her! Throw a party or something :)
I'm looking forward to my cousin's future! She is almost done with med school and is getting married soon! \ What kind of doctor is she going to be?
She is currently studying neurology so I think that is something to do with the brain?  \ That is impressive, where is she having her wedding?!
She hasn't told me yet, but I am anticipating it to be in Hawaii or some other island! \ I would suggest Fiji it's so nice there I went in august!
Sooo scary! I was in the basement today and I swear to you I saw a ghost \ Ghost are not scary, they are us without our physical bodies. 
I know but I wasn't expecting it.. and it looked like my mom. \ You should have talked to your mom.
I feel so relaxed and at peace when I meditate  \ Who doesn't..  everyone should do it!  Have you ever had any mystic experiences while you did it?
No mystic events. I just feel really relaxed and happy.  \ I hear you can travel to different dimensions while meditating..
I got on a roller coaster yesterday and I ended up puking everywhere! I just wanted to disappear! \ Lol, I bet you were disgusted with yourself
I definitely was! I felt so shame that I couldn't look anyone in the eyes for the rest of the day. \ Aw, don't take it too serious though. Everyone pukes in public at least once in their life!
I went to an Imagine Dragons concert this weekend and it was awesome! I don't regret going at all. \ I actually just discovered Imagine Dragons. I love them!
They are awesome. I was so impressed how good they were live. I didn't think listening to them live was better than with my headphones! \ It's good to hear they were good live, that can't be said about every group.
I helped one of my close friends lose over 60 pounds last year. \ Wow, you are a true friend. What did you do to help them?
I taught them how to diet and exercise properly. But I have to give them huge credit for being consistent and sticking with it! \ Everyone could use a friend like you. You sound like a very motivating person!
I am so happy for my dad. He finally paid off his student debt loans after all these years. I can see a change in his demeanor and I feel so ecstatic for him! \ I bet that is so relieving! It sucks how much debt you need to take on in order to go to school these days!
I know it really sucks. I am so proud of him getting through the tough times and he finally made it. \ I hope he has a great career ahead of him!
I am angry  with my mother for not telling me who my father is \ Did you find out who your father is yet?
Yes I knew from my mother's best friend \ Did you dad and the other lady have a thing?
I just won something from calling into the radio channel! \ that's amazing I have never been that lucky before
Me neither! I get one thousand dollars on the gift card for John's shoe repair and tailoring! \ Wow! one thousand is alot. Welldone buddy, enjoy your winning
I just heard there was an earthquake in Indonesia. \ Really? Any idea how strong it was? Any casualties?
It was really strong I think many people died. \ That's awful. I feel bad for people that have to live in areas prone to natural disasters like that.
Once, I thought somebody was attempting to break into my house. \ It must have being terrifying!
Yes, I was truly frightened. It ended up being okay though. It was actually just a roofer inspecting my roof that nobody told me about. \ Tnank god! They should have let you know they where going to do the job.
I felt so let down by a person who promised me a project -- but then pulled it away at the last minute in a way that was very personal and reactionary. \ That's terrible. People need to learn to commit to their promises.
Especially when it's based on emotion versus honoring a commitment. And when they know it has a very real economic impact. \ I don't understand how so many people value emotion over logic and reason!
My boss screwed up on his work and told HIS boss that it as me! \ Argh! That is the worst. I am so sorry. Is it enough to inspire you to look for work elsewhere?
It definitely is. I would have preferred to get him fired, but I have no evidence of his screw up to show! \ If he's done that to you, he's doing it to others -- that kind of behavior isn't sustainable. Others are *bound* to notice at some point -- but I know waiting for that is frustrating!
My friend and I both did a low-carb diet last month. She lost 8 pounds. I gained 2!  \ Wow, great for her! I am confused as to how you ended up GAINING though!
I dunno. Water weight? She looks so good now. I'm really envious.  \ Well, keep at it and you will get where you want to be. It really just comes down to how many calories you take in vs. how many calories you burn per day.
I had to give a presentation in front of my entire University class last semester. I hate presenting things. \ oh, that is nerve wracking. What did you try to do to cope?
Honestly, I took a xanax beforehand. It was a group presentation also which helped take some of the spotlight off of me. \ Better living through chemistry! I'm glad you made it through.
I went to the local Farmers Market and bought some produce from a farm stall. I am disabled and the kind farmer, despite being busy with other customers, took the time to take my purchases to my car. What a wonderful, kind man! \ That is really nice of him.  Did the other people get mad because they had to wait?
Not at all. They were super nice, and just kept getting together what they wanted to buy. I love living here - such nice people. \ Lucky you.  Where I live people are not so nice.  Can I move there?
Sure! There's plenty of room, lol. Just be sure you like hot, steamy summers and lots of golf fanatics! \ I am in Central FL... so uhh.
Ok.. So I will admit it. I pee'd my pants the other day. At work. \ Oh dear. Well, that does happen. Did you have any other clothes to change into?
No.. I had to sneak out and hope no one saw me.  LOL.  I think I was successful because I haven't heard anything bout it yet. \ If your workplace is anything like mine, you'd have heard plenty by now. I've done something similar, but could call my husband to sneak in some clean clothes - they are useful now and again!
I had an interview yesterday, I'm confident I got the job. \ Good for you, I would wait until I heard back before I would celebrate getting the job. 
That's a very good point! But still, doesn't hurt to hope. \ There is so much competition for jobs  
I was so afraid of going in my barn because I got stung by a wasp last year in my neck in the barn. \ Ouch, I would try and wear something on your neck next time you go in there.
Next time I will get stung somewhere besides my neck \ Hmm, wear something thick and long. Maybe hockey pads!
So I work at a UPS Store. I once gave a customer the wrong package that was valued at $700. \ Ut oh.. what happened?
Luckily, they were customers that we knew really well and they had a mailbox at our store. So they brought it back when we explained what happened. I felt awful though. \ But at least you lucked out and they brought it back!
So I took a picture of myself at a battlefield and there was a ghostly smudge over me that wasn't in the image before or after it. \ That's extremely unsettling. How did you feel when you saw the photo with that in it for the first time?
Awful, because honestly what I was doing in the photo at the time wasn't very respectful to the actual site, I didn't think about it at the time. \ Did you feel any kind of "presence" or anything in the moment that you were at the site taking the picture?
No.. but after when I saw them I felt HORRIBLE for what I did there in the photo.. \ That's okay. We all make mistakes. Thanks for the good conversation.
On a whim today, I bought a scratch off card at 7/11 \ Please tell me you won a lot of money.
Not a lot - $100. But that's $100 more than I had when I woke up this morning. I was so surprised I did one of those annoying girly squeals at the check out counter \ lol That's how I would of reacted too. One hundred dollars can buy you a lot of stuff.
My kids spilled juice on my brand new white carpet. I told them not to brink food, or drinks in the living room. When will they learn? \ OH NO! That's infuriating. Did the stain come out?
Yes, but I had to spend extra money to get the carpet shampooed. I gave them a spanking that they will never forget. I'm not putting up with this no more. \ Hopefully they remember
Yesterday I bought a croissant inn the bakery and when I paid they gave me the wrong change. \ Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back
Not the worst part is that cashier insisted I had given her $10 when I was sure it was $20. \ Wow thats annoying.  but I hope they gave you more than you were supposed to get back
I had to speak to the manger to get my money back. \ You should call and ask to speak to the manager.  Maybe they will give you something to make up for it
I have been feeling so alone lately :( \ Why is that so?
my wife works night shifts as a nurse so i am often home by myself \ Maybe you could work night shift too and that way you will be able to spend more time together.
Oh thats a good idea, I never thought of that \ You could also got out foe a while and do something fun.
I think I was tired because I was up all night studying. I guess I was very clumsy that day.  \ What happened from your clumsiness?
I ended up dropping my lunch tray in front of a girl I was attracted to! \ I remember when that happened on the Spiderman movie. Did she laugh at you?
I am very happy that I have graduated today! \ Wow, that's exciting! Congratulations, you must be very proud. 
I am very proud. And I will celebrate by going to Disney Land! \ I would love to go their! I hope you have a great time!
I've been reminiscing recently about the good old days, when I was a kid and didn't have to worry about bills and expenses. \ Ah, I know what you mean! And remember *yearning* to be older?! (And of course the adults in *our* lives were shaking their heads, thinking the way we are now ;-))
Yes! I wished so much that I would be an adult so I could make my own decisions. Now I wish I could have someone else make those decisions for me! haha \ As long as you keep your playful spirit, you're in good shape! Sometimes it takes work to hold that awareness, but I can see it in you!
I love what I do because it's about both inspiring and empowering people to be their best and to excel at their jobs. \ It's awesome to have a job where you feel rewarded through what you do. What do you do?
I work as a facilitator and team trainer -- mostly with a company who I truly love and respect for walking their talk. \ That sounds like a lot of fun, it's so rewarding to have a position where you can engage with other people. You really seem motivating and inspiring, so I'm happy you have that job!
I waited for a good friend of mine at a local pub recently - 2 hours I waited. Eventually I got hold of him and he said he couldn't be bothered going out and had forgotten to call. Not too impressed, frankly. \ What did you do after waiting for 2 hours?
I bought a pint of beer and a curry and joined another single woman at a table. We had a fine time, but I sure am wondering about my friendship! \ Silver linings do happen, maybe is was a good thing your friend forgot about you.
Could be. I just feel he was being rather inconsiderate, which is not something I'd expect of him. \ Maybe not a true friend after all.
I was so envious of my friend when she won from a lottery ticket she bought for a buck. \ I bet. How much did she win and did she offer to share?!
She won $5,000 and never offered to share.  \ That's a lot of money, to me anyway. Perhaps she's got a lot of debt to pay off, or perhaps she has kids to take care of?
I had a salad for lunch yesterday, then went shopping at the mall. When I got home around 7pm I discovered I had a HUGE piece of spinach between my front teeth! \ Did you brush it right out?
I did. But dozen of people had already seen it. I was mortified. No one told me! \ Maybe you could give them a call on the phone and tell them about your feelings?
I am so happy for all the presents that I got at my birthday party! \ That's nice. Did you have a party?
Yes and it was at Disney Land! \ That's excellent. What was your favorite present?
Today was my one day to sleep in, and I got woken up early by the construction workers making noise early this morning \ Gee, that's no fun. I hope it wasn't too early? There are usually laws about making noise early in the morning.
They started hammering away at 7am.  I think I am going to call their boss and complain.  Maybe ill call him tomorrow at 7am \ Yes, that's a good idea. I think 7am is way too early for that.
I see this guys at the skate park do a really cool 360 trick on the half pipe last week! \ Wow that sounds awesome.  I always wanted to be able to do that, but I was never any good
Yeah, I can only hit the little jumps. I'm too much of a beginner to hit the half pipe. The guy was on fire! \ Maybe one day you will be able to work you way up to being the next Tony Hawk.
Ugghhh!  My neighbor's dog has gone to the bathroom in my yard again!! \ I have four dogs.  I am probably guilty of this crime.  I would just throw it back over.
I usually leave it on their front door step.  lol. \ One time this lady 1 house away scooped up all the cat poo from my cat under her window into a bag and put it on my front door with a note.  I thought... why did she clean it up for me?  Wouldn't it have been more affective to ask me to clean it up?  
I am having a nice afternoon on my computer here, having some nice chats with people. \ That sounds so wonderful.  I am having a similarly relaxing day too.
I bet.  I have a secret though.  I am in love with this person I have been chatting with. \ Oh my!
WOW that is super scary! are you ok? \ No I just soiled my pantssss omg
I work with high school dropouts. One of my students went above and beyond to complete their last course and finish high school. It was very inspiring. He even invited me to his graduation! \ Did you end up going to the graduation!
It's in the fall and yes, I absolutely will! \ I'm so proud of him, what is he taking in university?
Always embarrassing to fall off my dirtbike! \ Oh no! did you hurt yourself?
I did, had so many cuts on my leg. Mom had to bandage me up. \ How did the dirtbike hold up? And how old are you?!
It was fine, just my leg was all mangled. The cop drove me home thankfully. \ Oh dear, sounds like a serious accident. I'm glad you are okay! Could have been terrible. 
Very thankful that it wasn't worse. \ I'm glad you're okay- that must have been scary. 
Hi, do you like feeding ducks or other birds? \ Yes, ducks are so cute.
What is your favorite part of the duck? \ The bill that they quack from.
My friend invited me to a pool party, but I don't know how to swim. I told her I would think about it. \ You could go to the party. And then learn how to swim!
I'm not sure, I might just stay in the shallow part of the pool. \ Yea, and you can bring some water toys to play with!
I went to a wedding this weekend. I've recently lost a ton of weight so I bought a new dress for the occassion.  \ Awesome! I bet you felt proud at what you accomplished. Did you have this goal in mind for a while?
Yes. I've wanted to be healthier, but I also wanted to look hot and feel confident at this event.  \ How much total weight did you lose, and how long did it take?
I recently aced a circuits exam that I was very confident in. \ Good job! You must have worked hard and prepared. Or are you just naturally really smart?
I wouldn't say naturally smart, it took a good amount of planning to do well. We established a study group about 2 weeks before the test which helped alot. \ Well done! You should be proud.
I need some advice on if I should say something \ Yeah? I'd be happy to help. But say something about what exactly?
I went to the store the other day and when they were ringing me up, some of my stuff didnt scan, so I got $20 worth for free. \ Hm.. yeah that is a dilemma. I mean if you can afford it, the honest thing would be to go and offer the manager to pay it back.
On my way to work today, some guy just cut me off in his car. Can you believe that? \ Wow, some people are horrible drivers.  Did you honk at him?
Yes I did, I let him know he needed to at least use his indicators. He didn't even signal! \ At least you didn't get into an accident.  I guess it could have been a lot worse.
We had a departmental meeting at work recently that made me feel really anxious.  We're trying to figure out who our new department head should be. \ I think you will be fine. Don't feel too anxious worrying won't do anything
One of the candidates is someone who makes a bunch of us miserable, so we're worried they will get the job. \ prayer works for me. I hope it does for you too so that person you just talked about won't get the job
I am a proud  father of 3 lovely girls \ Really sorry to be slow to respond.  How old are your girls?!
That's alright, they are 8 years old and they are triplets  :) \ Wow!  That's amazing.  It must be so awesome that they have each other to hang out and have fun with.  
I put my dog in dog classes so he would learn to behave. He didn't like it at first but started to make progress. \ What type of dog do you have?
A blue heeler. Well eventually he graduated and was the top dog of his class. I am beaming with pride at his accomplishments! \ I have never in my life heard of that breed before.  I'll look it up.  That is really cool I have 3 crazy untrained minpin
I have a crush on this person, and I dont know if they like me, and I don't want to ask and be rejected. \ Yeah it's probably for the best. You don't want to risk rejection. Maybe they will approach you.
I can only hope.. hope and hope.. such is the life of a hoper.. \ Well there is no 'I' in hope. It is a something we all have to do at some point in life.
I'm leaving for vacation on Wednesday! \ Thats awesome.  I wish I could go.  Where are you going?
On a cruise to Havana. I'm so excited! \ Cruises are awesome.  You get to eat as much food as you want.  You'll probably put on like 10 pounds
Love isnt fair sometimes.  You know what I mean? \ Oh, I know for sure. There are no rules to follow. 
This girl at work and I have perfect chemistry and we always seem to hit it off.  Well I just found out that she has a boyfriend.  So not fair.   \ Ugh. Maybe you can wait out that relationshio.
I realized this morning when I was waiting for the bus that I forgot to bring any change. Someone ended up paying for my bus ride! \ Well that is very lucky for you. People are nice!
Yes, I was very happy about it. There are still nice people in this world.  \ Yes there are. Most of the people are very nice.
I lost my favorite shoe today! \ Oh no! How did that happen? 
I don't know. But now I am upset because I wasn't able to make it to my favorite gym! \ Gee, I hope you can find it. Maybe retract where you have been recently and you will find it!
I was going to be late for gym practice. But my friend helped me to find my missing shoe. Now I will be on time! \ Hey, that's awesome! I'm happy for you. Where did they find it?
I left it beside my TV. \ That's great. I hope you have a good workout at the gym!
My friend needed a car this weekend, so I let her use my new car. \ Well that is very nice of you. Is your friend a good driver?
She is. Perfect driving record and very reliable. I'm not worried about it. \ Hope she doesn't crash it!
It went so much better than expected, she loves me back! \ Wow that is awesome. What kind of animal is it?
It's not an animal it's my girlfriend \ Oh sorry I thought maybe you got a pet. Well I am happy for you guys!
I baked a batch of cookies for my kid's birthday party. The only problem was I couldn't resist eating a few before the party. They were so good. \ What kind of cookies did you bake?
They were chocolate chip, my favorite. Well before I realized it I had eaten every cookie. I felt so bad that the guests would not get any! \ I would totally have some if you let me. I love chocolate chip!
Job interviews are hard for me because I get so nervous beforehand. \ Me too, I haven't really found a good strategy to avoid the nervousness to be honest.
Right! It is everything leading up to it that is the worst. The interview itself is never so bad. \ Yeah the more you think about it the more you let your expectations and imaginations put fear into you, guess we have to avoid doing that somehow.
My mother was saving a piece of cake for my dad and I accidentally ate it. \ Oh man, I accidentally eat cake all the time! It is too hard to resist. What did your mom do?
Well she got a bit mad at first, but I told her I'd buy him something in return and it all worked out. \ That is not too bad. What kind of cake was it?
Did you go outside and see if anyone was hurt? \ What do you mean? I don't know what you are talking about.
I heard a noise outside that sounded like a car had wrecked yesterday. \ Well then I guess you should have went and checked to see if anyone was hurt. I hope you called a ambulance.
So after I left the club last night I noticed the Taxi had old throw up in it still. \ I would have gotten out right then I believe.
I still took it since it was late but I rode in the front seat. \ I guess you rolled all the windows down too and held your breath
I can't believe they cut me from that team. \ What What???  What team?  Who cut you?
The local baseball team, I did my tryouts and it didn't go well! \ I love baseball.  The have better snacks than every other sport.
Agreed the hot dogs are delicious. \ I am sorry bout you being cut though.  Keep on training..
I will do my best and for sure will. \ We get old.. we get injured.. we eat hotdogs.
I am so happy. I met this really hot guy on Live Chat. \ Really? Tell me about him.
OMG he is so dreamy!!  Everything I want in a man. \ Are you two gonna date?!
I'm not sure.  I will let you know! \ Please do, I'd love to meet you guys
I am anticipating that the limestone mine in my area where I live at will be reclaimed. \ If I'm understanding you correctly, they're going to clean it up, right?
Clean up, stabilize from future collapses, demolish vacant houses open closed roads, and so on \ Wow, that's fantastic news indeed! How long has it been derelict?
I had a rather unnerving experience this past winter. Being unable to sleep at 4am, I went outside for a cigarette (I live in an apartment complex). Suddenly, out of the darkness, appeared a tall bulky figure dressed in black. They were coming straight at me! \ What did they or the person do to you?
Well, I'm in a wheelchair, so can't move too quickly. I just sat looking at them, trying to figure out whether I could reach the broom at the corner of the porch. \ Broom would be a good choice, hit them in the crotch, that will stop them.
I got caught in a huge rainstorm last week. It was a deludge.  \ Aww man, I hope you brought your raincoat.
Thankfully I had remembered to put an umbrella in my bag before I left the house.  \ That's good, you don't want to get soaked and catch a cold.
My brother in the army showed up at my football event yesterday. I wasn't expecting him to come. I thought he was still stationed in Iraq. \ That's amazing. You must have been so surprised and happy!
Totally, I was in shock. \ Did you get a video of it?
I have a new born who is only 6 months old. He just started to talk, or make funny sounds at least! \ That is so cool!  Is it your first baby?
Yes it is, I'm a very happy dad. He's going to be so smart.  \ I bet.  If he is anything like you he will grow up to be a great person.
I have really been shocked at how cool some of the people I have met on the internet are. \ Most people are pretty cool if you take the time to talk to them a bit. 
I met a psychic healer in a chat room.  He said he could heal people from anywhere in the world. \ Wow, that's so cool. Sign me up for that! I'd like to be healed!
I had booked a trip to Paris for me and my spouse but she fell and broke her leg about 6 weeks before we were supposed to go. We had to postpone for 6 months.  \ Did you guys get to go? Is the leg all fixed now?
We did go. It was for my 40th birthday a few years ago.  \ Are you planning a new trip for your upcoming birthday?
I am going to watch my kid get the degree soon! \ Wow that's so exciting! What did they study?
He was studying the science degree. I am not sure what type. \ That is great. What's the next step- work?
My daughter just got married and moved across the country and is homesick. I've been talking to her every day to make her feel better. \ That's sweet. I'm sure she will adjust in time. Have you ever personally had to make a move like your daughter did?
Actually, I did! I moved across the world to Doha, Qatar to teach for a couple of years. Even though my husband and daughter was with me, it was very hard to be away. Have you ever moved far away? \ No, I never have. I've always lived in my state I was born in. However, I did travel to Utah which was about 1200 miles away and got a bit homesick so I can relate.
I had to give a presentation in front of my college class and it didn't go so well. \ Oh no! I hate speaking in front of crowds. What happened?
There was a lot of stuttering and red-face going on. Also, technical difficulties. \ I know you probably feel like you did a bad job- but I bet you did so much better than you think! Be proud of yourself for having the nerve to speak in front of others!
Once, at a Waffle House near Memphis, I heard a man order 15 eggs over-easy.  \ Gee, he must have been really hungry! That's a lot of eggs!
I stayed to watch to see if he'd eat them all. He did. I was very impressed. \ Wow.. that's unbelievable. I wonder how his cholesterol is. 
I am going back to school this semester and decided to get everything ready well in advance.  \ Good for you. Being prepared is half the work of academia. 
Yeah, I try to stay as organized as possible. It helps stay on top of things. \ It's hard to do, but so important. I'm not super smart, but I'm organized as heck. It makes a difference. 
ok, dont judge me, but this is going to sound silly but i cried watching a movie the other day \ There is nothing silly about that.  Movies are meant to illicit emotion.  You feel better now though, right?
Yes, yes I do. It was The Notebook.  I just got really emotional watching it. \ Definitely don't feel bad then.  I think everyone cried during that movie!
I just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. He was only 27. I am so upset! \ I am not sure how to deal with the loss!
My pilot certification test is coming up next week. I am so nervous I won't remember all the answers. I will be devastated if I flunk the test. \ Dang, there's a lot of strategies to fight that thought, I'm assuming. As they say an ounce of preparation is worth more than a pound of cure
Well I just hope I don't draw blanks under pressure. Maybe I will go study some more when I am done talking to you. \ Yeah, I heard it's good to study in silence because that way you're in the same environment you'll be when you take the test
Sometimes when people honk in traffic I don't know whether to get angry or be glad! \ Honking is a way to communicate. In some countries they honk just to let another driver they are there.
Exactly, I think a lot of people are too cautious while driving, which makes things even less safe  \ Going too slow can be just as dangerous as going too fast. Especially in the fast lane!
My coworker just got selected to enroll in a leadership class offered by my work. I also applied but didn't get selected. I really wish I was in his shoes righyt now! \ Yeah that's too bad, sorry to hear that. Do you know why you didn't get picked?
I'm not sure.  I thought I was more qualified than him.  It seems like I can never get what other have. \ Keep your head up. Maybe you'll get picked the next time around.
My 11 year old cat died this morning... \ Oh no!  I am so sorry to hear that.  Did he die of old age?
Yes I think so, he was all grey and stuff. Had arthritis too. \ Well, hopefully he lived a good and happy life.  
I was told to come back the next day after waiting over an hour in line to get my drivers license renewed. \ Wow. The DMV is just dreadful to go to because of stuff like that.
Yes, it is. Would have been a lot easier if I could have done it online. \ Yea, it would be! How faw is your DMV?
I recently got a $1,000 scholarship that I even forgot I applied for last year. \ Wow, that is awesome! Bet you were shocked and happy at the same time!
I was! It really came at the right time. \ I bet! Especially with the cost of college these days!
Hey this guy who lives with me wasn't doing his scheduled work, and I had to talk to him about it..  \ Sometimes you have to put people in their place.
Yeah, he was being really uncooperative and seemed to not care about other people's time. \ Well I hope he learned his lesson. We don't play those games where i'm from.
TSA made me pull down my pants in front of everybody at the airport yesterday. They thought I was a bomb threat. \ Oh dang, that really sucks. I can't believe TSA would go that far, it must've been super embarrassing. 
Yeah, I will never show my face there again. \ Dude, you should definitely report it someone or the company because you could probably get something out of it.
My dog has been having health issues. I took him to the vet and they couldn't find anything wrong. \ oh now, that's very worrisome
Yeah I am praying it is nothing too serious. They said he may have ate something that made him not feel good. \ I hope it's nothing serious. I know how upsetting having a sick pet can be. 
I rode the largest roller coaster I've ever ridden this summer.  \ Oh yeah, what was it called? I really love roller coasters!
Millenium Force, in Cedar Point. It was utterly terrifying.  \ I saw that one on TV. It looks absolutely nuts. I hope to visit Cedar Point one day!
I recently got accepted to an Electrical Engineering program at my school. \ That awesome! Congratulations! You should be very proud of yourself!
I was very excited when I found out. Have you ever been accepted to anything that you really wanted before? \ Yes, I have! It's a great feeling when all of your hard work pays off! Best of luck to you!
I was so aggravated today while I was installing a new light fixture in my dining room!! \ Oh no! Did you eventually get it working after the frustration?
I did, but something shorted out and blew out my dimmer switch. I had to make another trip to Home Depot to fix it. \ That's frustrating, nothing ever seems to go right the first time you try it! Glad you got it working finally!
I didn't have enough money to pay my rent this month so I took the money from the cash at work. I feel terrible. \ Dang, maybe you should have bought a lottery ticket instead?
yeah, well I couldn't risk loosing any more money. I don't know what to do. \ Maybe you can find a cheaper place to live?
I always play the lotto, but I got a good feeling about tonight! \ Yeah! Did you pick your lucky numbers?
Oh yea, all 1000 of them! \ Nice! I hope you win!
I'm waiting to hear back from a few colleges about scholarships. \ Oh, I hope you get some good news. I am sure it would help you getting aid for college.
Yes, I think my stats are good. I'm hopeful there will be some good news soon. \ All you can do is be patient and see what happens. I am sure everything will work out for you.
Last week I cleaned my house when my kids were off at summer camp. I was so glad I got it done. \ That is so satisfying. I hope they don't mess it up now that they are home!
Funny you say that. I had to run an errand last night and when I came home it was even messier than before. I nearly lost it! \ NOOOOOOOO!!!! Bad kids! That must have been infuriating. 
I was feeling so sentimental while looking through old photos of my kids today. They grow up too fast! \ Aw, my mom had some she showed to us a few years back. It's weird to consider how you and everyone else have grown!
It sure is! It makes me wish they were still babies! \ Can't stay young forever! 
I have a two week vacation coming up in Greece that I've been looking forward to! \ I don't blame you for being excited! What are you going to see on your trip?
To be honest, I haven't planned it out all that much. I like to adventure as I go! But, I will definitly be seeing Santorini \ I'm so jealous! I hope you have a great trip!
I was really frightened the other night. I was home alone and there was a big storm. \ There is a big storm coming where I am living now. Did your power go out?
Fortunately, it didn't, but there was a LOT of thunder and lightning. I think a lot of places are being hit by storms right now. Please stay safe! \ Oh I will. Also wanted to let you know that if your power does go out to be aware that this is when they come out to play!
I know you won't believe me, but I just won the lottery! \ You did! - That's amazing! How much money did you win???
I won one billion dollars, and I only have to share it with five other winners! \ Wow- that's a huge amount of money! What do you plan on doing with it?
I love looking after my grandma! She is 94 and it makes me feel good to help her in any way I can! \ That is absolutely wonderful! What a great grandchild you are. Not everyone wants to care for elderly relatives.
She deserves it for everything she has done throughout her life.  \ For sure. We sometimes forget that the elderly were young once and did so much like working, raising and caring for their families.
I was quite distressed to hear of the passing of Anthony Bourdain. That someone who has given so much joy to a huge number of people should take his own life is just awful. \ I know!  I was just watching his show on Netflix!  So sad, especially since he had a little girl he is leaving behind.
Indeed. Depression is a terrible disease and there simply aren't enough resources devoted to mental illness, imo. \ I agree.  He had so much to live for.  I guess it is hard to know what demons people are hiding inside.
My best friend is getting married next weekend. I'm in the wedding.  \ That's awesome. I hope it works out for your friend and their fiancee. Are you excited to be there?
Super excited! These two have been together forever. It's about time they made it legit! \ Well I am sure they appreciate you being a part of their big day. Enjoy the after party!
I was watching the World Cup on TV recently. I was so amazed at how good those players are. \ Do you play soccer yourself? 
I have only played a couple times. It is impressive how much energy they have and how good their accuracy is. \ It is impressive. 
I am going to my home town today. Will be visiting for my brother's graduation! \ Congratulations to your brother! Are you flying or driving?
I am flying! \ Wow, that must be quite some distance then! Have a safe flight!
My work supervisor came into my store recently. I tucked in my shirt, left home early, and even put my name badge on for the special occasion. \ That is good. Did you have a good time with your supervisor?
I had a great time keeping my job and not being fired! I was on the ball for his visit. \ Good job! Maybe you will get a promotion too!
My first dog, Tank, I got as a pitbull. He was with us 5 years. I loved that dog sooo much. After a family emergency came up we had to move. We couldn't take Tank so I had to let him go. \ Oh I'm so sorry to hear that. Was he adopted?
I got him as a puppy at 7 weeks old. A man that owned a farm offered to take him. As I drove off I looked in my rear view and saw him chasing the car. I cried like a baby all the way down that driveway. \ Oh no. Poor guy. I hope he'll be happy with the man.
Just went by the lake. Made me think of a friend I used to play with a lot when we were little. \ Oh nice did you have fun? What lake?
It's a lake near my grandparent's home in TN. I had a lot of fun! \ What did you guys do there today? Go swimming or fishing?
I've been working a great new job the past month and can finally afford a nice apartment. I feel great. \ That's great to hear. Summer is a good time of year to be enjoying your life.
Yeah, I feel on top of the world these day! \ I've been thinking a lot about when I was a kid recently.
I remember one time when I was little I was running around in the basement when I wasn't supposed to be. \ Gee that sounds fun, but did you get in trouble?
Yeah, my mom had told me multiple time to not run in the basement. Next thing I know, I tripped on a lamp cord making the lamp fall and break into pieces. \ Oh no! That's no fun. I hope they're not still mad at you!
it was pouring down rain when i got home so i grabbed all my stuff and got ready for a break in the rain so i could get in the house without getting soaked. \ Were you able to avoid the rain?  
yes thankfully i was able to get in the house without rain falling on me \ That is good!  It seems like you dodged the bullet!
I saw the new Jurassic Park movie the other day. It was such a let down for me. \ i remember being a kid when the first one came out
Same here!  It is one of my favorite movies!  For some reason, the new one just falls flat for me.  I expected so much more. \ i think the franchise has just started trying too hard.
When I cross a major street I am always worry about getting hit by a car. I try to be careful and only cross at the crosswalk but I am still nervous. \ Those are good preventative measures. I assume that you always look both ways as well?
Yes I look both ways and never use my cell phone in the intersection. Sometimes I wish I wasn't soch a worry-wort. \ There are worse things to be worried about. Good job on you for taking safety seriously!
I am going to my local amusement park tomorrow and feeling a certain way about it! \ Which way are you feeling? Are you a thrill seeker?
I am indeed. I am ready to go and ride all of the rides, roller coasters especially! Do you have a favorite theme park? \ Yeah I really like Six Flags. They have some great roller coasters. Have fun tomorrow!
 I lent my friend 500$ and she never paid me back. Ugh. I am too nice sometimes. \ Wow, that sucks. Do you know if she will eventually? Can you trust her?
I think she will.  I hope she will.  I feel betrayed. \ Yeah I would too. I hope you get the money back!
I try and visit my grandmother every weekend. She's getting old and I'm not sure how much time she has left. \ Thats so nice of you!  I wish I had a grandmother.
She is very happy when I visit. I want her to be happy all the time! \ So nice of you.  You are truly blessed to have family.
I haven't seen my girlfriend in awhile. She told me today she was coming to visit me! \ Long distance relationships aren't easy. That's great news to hear. Do you have anything special planned?
Yes we are going to have a date. I am thinking Disney Land! \ That sounds like so much fun! I bet you two will have a great time together. 
I was feeling hungry a little while ago until I thought back on that time I ordered a submarine sandwich and had the grossest experience. \ What was the gross part about the sandwich?
I took three bites into the sandwich, and about half way as I pulled back from the sandwich was a hair connected from my mouth being pulled out of the food. I've never experienced something like that from fast food. \ Yes that is a nasty thing to experience. But at least you were able to extract the hair!
i was trimming dead leaves off of my tomato plants and ended up getting swarmed by mosquitos. \ That really stinks. I bet you will wear bug spray next time!
bug spray doesn't do anything for me. \ Well then maybe you should get some bats. They love to eat mosquitos!
I can't complain about anything right now. I have a roof over my head, a decent job, and a wonderful family. \ i am also blessed. we don't have fancy things or a ton of money but we have each other and our health.
Life is good for both of us then. I am thankful every day that I am so blessed. \ me too. some are not as fortunate as us.
I went to a fancy art showing at a gallery last night. \ Wow, that sounds fun. What type of artwork did you see?
It was watercolors. My neighbor was the artist. I had no idea she did such great work. She also has two toddlers. I have no idea how she manages all of that. \ Gee, she must have her hands full! I hope she does well as an artist!
I don't know what to do. I played a game of poker with some sketchy guys and now I owe them a lot of money. \ Oh, jeez! That's terrifying. Can you get a loan from someone to pay them?
I don't think so. I have bad credit. They drive by my house late at night, I don't know what to do. \ Call the police! Or move. 
I recently started putting part of my paychecks into a savings account. I have almost $1000 now. \ Keep it up. Soon you'll have enough money to buy a new house.
That may take awhile, but for the moment I have a nice emergency fund and am prepared for whatever may come my way. \ Exactly, it feels great when your prepared for the unexpected.
I thought I could lift, but my wife upstaged me by benching 150 lbs at the gym the other day. I can only lift 130 lbs. \ Did you feel very emasculated by this?
No, it actually turned me on. I didn't know she was that strong. \ Yeah, I can see that viewpoint as well. She may end up carrying you to bed next time!
Hi, have you ever eaten a sandwich with hard bread? \ I like a good hard bread like Pumpernickel. Do you know what that word means?
No, what does it mean? \ It means the devil's fart, haha! Good bread though.
I was at the baseball game sitting in the outfield. I heard a loud crack from the batter. \ Did the batter hit one of the home runs?
How did you know? I actually followed the ball all the way with my eyes and caught it bare-handed. I was on TV too! \ Whoa! That is so cool! I guessed because you said the crack sound happened.
I am a little scared. I found out my neighbor is a satan worshiper. \ Whoa, that's extreme. Can you say some prayers for them? 
Well I am not christian, and in a way.. who am I to knock someone else for theirs \ Yes good point. Maybe try and understand why they believe in the things they do?
