Not really. :( It didn't seem very safe.. it was a really old rickety, wooden one that looked like it was about to fall apart.  \ Oh no! That sounds scary. Some of the rollercoasters can be very well built while others are very sketchy
I got all of my vaccines I needed for a trip to Asia. They cover everything and now I feel fully prepared to go! \ Cool, is there a particular country that you're visiting?
I'm off to India first, but after that it will be all the countries in South-East Asia. They all have the same diseases - tetanus, hepatitis, and rabies seem to be the big ones. \ Were you nervous at all about the vaccines? Needles make me queasy. I've fainted a couple times giving blood and receiving vaccines.
I watched the movie Ponyo with my kids last night. It was quite wholesome, cute, and we all liked it! \ I've never heard of it - what's it about?
It's about a child who finds a magic fish and has to love and protect it. \ So cute! I can relate to that on a fundamental level.
This spring I got to go visit with my dad who I haven't seen in ten years! \ That sounds great! Did you have a good visit? I hope it wasn't awkward. 
We went camping and fishing and we really had a great time catching up. We didn't miss a beat. \ Very cool. My own father passed away a few years ago. I miss doing things with him. 
Aww, I'm so sorry to hear that. \ Thanks. I just wish we had taken more time to spend together in his final years. 
Not long ago a met a woman and felt totally in sync with her, right off the bat. We started dating and things were going really well. \ That's awesome when that kind of thing happens. Are you guys together now?
Nope. Things went incredibly well for about a month, then she broke things off abruptly. Totally unexpected.  \ Aww man. Well be thankful it happened sooner than later.
I've had a 20 year relationship end. Compared to that, this one was easy.  \ My brother just went thru the same thing recenly. He is so much happier without this girl he was dating. she was alot!
Hopefully, he'll find the right person for him.  \ I think he has already. lol
When I was a kid, I had a dog at my grandpa's. He gave it away because it wouldn't hunt. \ How did you feel when he gave it away? 
I was very upset. I was only like nine at the time so I took it really hard. \ Yeah I would have been too. As a nine year old kid that's hard to deal with. 
I just tried a new restaurant that everyone has been talking about?  \ Did you? Was it good?
It was better than I thought it would be. I was pleasantly surprised.  \ That's great. I may have to try it out.
Yesterday, I spring cleaned my entire house. Then I sat down and enjoyed a book. \ That's a great achievement! What book did you decide to read?
Thanks! It was a summer beach novel, so it was an easy read. \ Neat! I am trying to find so good books to start reading.
I was at the airport and someone cut me in line. It was ridiculous. \ Oh, no! That stinks!
Yeah! Haha, they only saved themselves about 20 seconds. \ Haha! It's good you could see the big picture in a stressful situation.
We've been really struggling with potty training my son. \ I do understand, I have a son myself. You just need to be patient and continue trying.
Thanks, we are.  He did finally go #2 in the toilet by himself last night, though! \ That is awesome. I am proud of him 
I was on my way to work and I met a stranger who offered me a ride to work. \ Well that was nice.  Do you normally walk?
No I don't usually walk but that day my car was in the shop. \ Have you stayed in contact with the person that gave you a lift?
i paid all my bills today, i feel so relived and good \ Every little accomplishment counts! What bills did you have to pay?
rent and electricity. we've been struggling financially so it's such a relieve to pay bills \ Sorry to hear that. Well, at least this will be a weight off your shoulders.
I studied so hard for my bar exam so that I could become a lawyer. I prepared for almost 3 months straight! \ wow, you're so determined! Did you pass your exam?
I did pass! It was a rough 3 months, but once I got there, I felt like I was ready. \ yay! congrats! that's really awesome. you should be proud of yourself
I went to the store about two weeks ago and I didn't know my shirt was inside out and backwards until the cashier told me.  \ I could have took the day off,but I went in anyway.
Was it a good decision?  \ Yes it was
Cheating at anything is just not my cup o tea \ I agree, cheating isn't rewarding. 
At all dont do anything during the day you cant sleep with at nite. \ I agree with that one hundred percent. 
My son starts high school this year. It seems like just yesterday, that he was a toddler in pre-school. \ Time flies. Does this make you feel sad?
Not so much sad, as kind of thoughtful. I'm very proud of what he's accomplished in school and how he's taken charge of that aspect of his life. \ It's nice to reflect on the accomplishments of out loved ones.
I tripped and fell in front of some people. \ Ouch! Was it a serious fall?
No, only my pride was injured. \ That's a relatively quick recovery, fortunately. 
I've been dieting the last two months, and so far, I've lost aboout 30 pounds! \ Wow! That's amazing! You must be proud! What is your secret?
I cut out refined sugars and I've been riding an exercise bike for 45 minutes everyday, and going on walks every night with my wife. \ You are so inspiring! Good for you!!
I was babysitting for my daughter and she didn't come back until 1 am! \ Whoa, that's pretty darn late! Did you ask her why she was out so long?
I did and she really didn't have any good excuse. Just being inconsiderate. \ Well, that's frustrating. Hopefully next time she'll think more about how her actions affect you.
My birthday is coming up later this week. I'm so excited! \ Well Happy early Birthday!  I hope you enjoy it, when it comes. 
Thank you so much! I can't wait to have a special cake. \ A special cake sounds wonderful, and you're welcome. 
I'm excited football season is right around the corner.  \ Me, too! Do you have a favorite team?
I do, The Dallas Cowboys.  Do you have a favorite team?  \ Yes, that's my favorite team, too! Yay!
I got a friend that I will never let drive me anywhere ever again. \ Oh no! What happened?
They were weaving in and out of traffic while texting on their cell phone and messing with the radio all at the same time. I wanted out of that car! \ I know how that feels, and anyone who doesn't consider the safety of others isn't that great of a person.
I know. It's a good thing they didn't have a tv in the car too. I'd probably be died. \ Speak up next time!
I just made a huge move across the country , and I don't know if it was the right choice. \ Oh thats scary. I've been there. Just give it some time to feel right. Home is where ever you want it to be.
That is some great advice, Mind set is so important. \ Thanks, it's so true. I've moved around alot.
Me too, Military brat! \ Yep! Dad was in the army.
Navy here, Wouldn't say it was always fun, but saw a lot of cool places. Have a great day! \ You too!
I found something tucked away in my closet that got me choked up and sad. \ Oh no! What was it?
It was a hand written note from my dead mother. I never had read or seen it before.  \ Wow that must have been very shocking. At least you can keep it to remember her by.
I recently dug up a necklace my grandmother gave me when I was young for a birthday. I hadn't seen it in years. \ Oh my.. that must have been very sad. I can't even imagine how you must have felt. 
Yeah, she passed more than five years ago and I had forgotten all about it. It brought back so many memories though! \ I'm so sorry.! But I'm really glad you've got those pleasant memories and the memento to hold on to so you can remember her fondly. 
My daughter's boyfriend got drunk and attacked my husband. \ my goodness i feel terrible
It was awful. We had to call the police. He was crazy! \ wow i hope it all works out soon
i sure wish my family didnt find out \ What? You think you might be in trouble?
yes i was stealing underwear \ Why in the world did you do that? I hope they never find out...
The ducks that visit my back yard had babies! They're so soft and fuzzy. \ Ducks are really cute, especially babies.
Yes, they are. I left them some extra feed to help them feed their little ones. \ That's very nice of you. The only downside I can think of is them doing a lot of pooping.
My friend invited me over to share Thanksgiving with him and his family a while ago. \ That sounds lovely!
Yea it was very cool and I was able to familiarize myself with their cooking. I cherished the evening. \ What a wonderful time for you and your friend! 
I saw an amazing deal for a car on Craigslist! I couldn't think about anything until I got a chance to see it! \ That's cool, what was the deal for?
It was a 2014 Chrysler 200, it only had 59000 miles on it. I think it was for $4300. \ Wow, that does sound like a pretty good deal. Makes you wonder why it's so cheap.
This weekend, I'm going to a concert for one of my favorite bands! \ Neat! What typeof music is the concert for?
Hard Rock. It's the band Breaking Benjamin, who I've liked since I was a kid, and have always wanted to see live. \ Interesting! I've never hear their music before!
I went out with some friends a couple weekends ago and we met a group of girls. One asked for my number but I told her I have a girlfriend and didnt give it out. \ gotta risk it for the biscuit
Haha, I dont think I could do that to my girlfriend.  I like her too much for a random chick. \  i feel ya but sometimes temptation is good gets the heart pumping
visiting an old place is great \ Did you visit one recently?
yes brings back memories i had forgotton \ Where did you go?
I was finally going to get to see dolphins up close. \ Did you get to? What happened?
I went to Sea World for the very first time. We got to feed the dolphins. \ I have never been there! Sounds fun, but I don't support Sea World and the way they treat their animals.
My son is in the Army and recently he graduated first in the class from recruiting school at Ft. Knox. \ That is awesome! I am so proud of your son, you should be proud as well.
Yes, I am. He was such a slacker in high school, but now he is thriving. \ I can just imagine how you feel. It is so nice when our kids make us proud.
My mom was sick and I took a couple days from work just to take care of her. \ That was nice of you. Is she feeling better now?
Yes, she is much better now. I am so happy. \ I am glad to hear that. It's so sweet that you were able to help her.
Yesterday I took a test for a promotion at work. I felt pretty good about it. \ Did you pass?
I haven't gotten the results yet. I studied for weeks and knew the material well, so it was easy. \ I have a feeling you got it. 
I had to have a bunch of surgeries this past year.  \ Oh, no, I hope you're okay!
Yeah I'm good now. I feel like things are going to be good for the foreseeable future.  \ That's great! I hope things keep looking up for you!
I just won an award for best yard in the neighborhood!  \ Wow that's great, you must have put a lot of work into your yard.
I did, mowed it three times a week and watered it twice a day. All the hard work really paid off.  \ Cool, I guess the grass is actually greener in your yard now!
When I was just a little kid my parents let my brother and I get a dog, and he was the best but unfortunately he passed away. \ Oh, that is so sad. What kind of dog was he. How long did he live for?
He lived over 10 years, and he was just a mixed breed. I was definitely very sad when he passed but we have a lot of great memories together. \ Sounds like you had lots of great times together. You will have to remember those while you grieve. 
Probably the worst time of my life was when my second marriage ended. It lasted over 20 years and much of my life and plans for the future were intricately bound within that relationship. \ I can imagine that would be very painful. Are you doing better now?
Yeah, it's been a few years and I've managed to chart a new course for myself.  \ I'm glad to here that, I'm sure that moving forward after something as difficult as that is very emotionally difficult.
When I was a teenager, I once snuck out of the house at night and didn't get back home until 4 am. When I got back my mom was waiting for and had been worried sick all night. \ Did you get in much trouble? I was allowed to kind of run wild, so never had any issues with staying out till sunrise. 
Not huge trouble. I was generally a pretty good kid, and it wasn't like I had gone out drinking as I have never enjoyed the taste of alcohol. She told me I just needed to be honest with her and check in when I was going to be out late. I still felt bad about it worrying her. \ It's sweet that she was waiting up for you. 
When I went on a first date with my now fiance, he picked me up in his black shiny new Cadillac XLR.  \ Wow, it sounds like a great time with him!
I thought it was the coolest car I've ever seen. It was just a two seat but beefy. It was like goin out with batman! LOL \ Haha! That does sound like an amazing car!
There is a hurricane on the way to my home. I have all my emergency supplies ready to go. \ Oh wow, I'm glad you have gotten your self prepared for a big blow. I hope you stay safe.
Thank you! I'm ready to just wait it out. \ Went through Irma last year. We sat it out too.
I recently asked a coworker of mine to cover a shift for another employee. \ Where they able to cover for the other employee?
Yes, they were happy to take the hours. \ That's good, I know what it's like when you can't get a shift covered and your just understaffed and scrambling the whole day.
My little sister told me last week that she is going to name her son after me! \ Congrats to your family! What an honor that is. May I ask the name?
Corey, which I'm incredibly honored she picked. I was the first person with that name in the family, so it's not like it has a long history, but it makes me really happy she wants to give it to her son! \ Absolutely. That's nice you two are close
Our son in the Army is taking a leave to visit us next month. \ Oh, you must be so excited! I have a son in the Army as well and I love when he gets to visit! 
Wow! So you can totally understand how I feel. You must be proud of your son as I am of mine. \ Yes, I am. It's so nice to see our sons sacrifice for our country. But I think they do it more because they think they are protecting us. 
Man, I let one of my friends take my Benz one day to run some errands. I really thought she would be careful with it.  \ Oh, no! Did she damage your car?
Yes, she hit a parked car at the super market. She's okay, but I am not sure I will let her use it ever again.  \ I can understand that. I would be extra careful if I was driving someone else's car...especially Benz!
When my neighbor mowed his lawn yesterday, he ran over my flower bed. All of my flowers were destroyed. \ my goodness so terrible
Yes, I worked hard on them all summer, so I was pretty angry. \ oh i bet i would have been too
i just feel lost \ Oh, no. I'm sorry you feel lost!
i lost my cat after taking him for a walk and he has no tail \ Awww, poor thing! I hope you find him!
I just don't know what to do. I was in such a rush. Should I go back? \ No just go ahead and keep going.  It will be fine.
Are you sure? What if they got me on camera and accuse me of stealing next time I go in? It's my regular store. \ If they would have had you on camera, they would have already come after you for it.  I wouldn't worry about it.
Ahhh good point \ Yeah.  You're smooth.  You can do it no problem.
I was scared at first because the water looked cold and the pool was deep.  When I saw my Dad's face however, I knew he would catch me so I jumped in the water. \ So... was it cold?
It was a little cold, but it was not as bad as I expected. \ I'm so glad your dad was there to help you. Did he catch you?
He did.  He was always there for me as a kid so I knew I could trust him. \ That's awesome! Dad's are the best!!
They are! \ How  deep was the pool?
 I almost gave away my steam cleaner because it was leaking all over the place. \ Oh no! Have you looked up the user manual, or taken it to a repairman to get it fixed/
 I decided to try and fix it which I did successfully. Yesterday I spilled my drink on the carpet and used my now fixed steam cleaner to clean up. glad I didn't get rid of it \ That takes some real hard work to fix something like that. I am sure it came in handy for cleaning up that stain.
That's one more thing I know how to do. good for saving some money for sure.; \ That is true, being able to fix your own stuff is a valuable skill to have. 
I get to go to the park today for a BBQ with friends, it should be so much fun! \ Ooh nice. That does sound like alot of fun. Do you guys play any sport while your there? 
We often throw around a frisbee for a little bit, but we never get too intense with any sports.  \ Cool. Well enjoy, I hope the weather hold up.
Me too, there has been a lot of rain lately. It should be fun hanging out with old friends! \ Yeah, I haven't seen my friends in forever. We don't even live in the same state anymore.
I was pretty nervous for my first date with my now girlfriend. I had previously been in a relationship for a long time, and it had been quite awhile since I'd been on a date. \ Well, that's understandable. How did it go?
It was fairly akward at first because I was so nervous, but she was understanding, and after she started telling me about herself, I started to relax and the rest of the date went really well. \ It sounds like it turned out really great for you. Way to go!
When I was a kid, we used to make caramel apples every fall. They're such a wonderful treat. \ Oh, I love caramel apples! They're one of my favorite treats in the fall. Did you guys make your own caramel?
Yes, and we burned a bunch before we got the hang of it. \ Sounds just like my family. Caramel is so hard to get right on the first try!
have you ever had some do something for you that you were not expecting? \ yes. both good and bad. What happened?
my family threw a birthday party for me last year and they usually forget all about it, I could not believe it it really caught me off guard. \ Wow that's so sweet!!! I love that they didn't forget about you!
We used to be best friends but when she became president she started excluding me from everything \ Who did , tell me more
The president did. It's like the title went to her head and now she's super snotty. \ well thats not nice I hope she stars treating you better
My son showed up at our door unexpectedly one day. He is in the Army and stationed in California! \ wow, that must have been a surprise and a joy for you
Yes! I was so surprised! And happy \ i can imagine it. no matter how old and grown your son gets, he will always be your little boy
i have a presentation due this week, I am not looking forward to presenting it in front of others \ It can be nerve wrecking. I'm sure you will do fine, though! Have confidence!
i feel like i know the material but i am not sure if i can pull it off in front of others \ You know they say, imagine them in their underwear...I wonder that really works. I'm not fond of public speaking either.
I felt very bad when my boss did not approve of my work. It just makes me more motivated to work harder. \ Did you spend a lot of the time on the project?
Yes, I feel like I worked really hard and I put in so many hours. I guess it was not good enough. :( \ I wouldnt get discouraged.  Maybe talk to your boss and see what you can improve on next time.  I'm sure, at least if you have a good boss, they will want you to succeed and guide you in how to do better.
My roommate moved out and soon my girlfriend will move in but right now it is just me in the house. I dont remember the last time I lived without any roommates. \ Nice! Enjoy it! I like living alone. It is so peaceful! I get lonely somtimes but for the most part it is great!
It does feel a little lonely.  It's weird coming home and not really having someone to talk to in person. \ Yeah, but they are all just a phone call away. Keep your head up, your girlfriend will be there soon!
I planted vegetables in my garden. I can't wait until they sprout! \ Nothing like fresh veggies! What did you plant?
I planted tomatoes, peppers, and onions. I'm hoping to make salsa. \ Mmmm...you are making my mouth water. Juicy fresh tomatoes are the best!
Once we were taking a drive and our dog got loose. He came home a few days later. \ Oh, no! That must have been so scary!
Yes! You know your pets are like family! We were so relieved to see him home! \ I'll bet you were. I'm so glad you had a happy ending!
I feel so happy when the sunsets are beautiful and I can take the time to watch and relax. It is the best time of the day for me. \ Oh I know, mine too! I love how all the colors change with the setting sun.
Yeah, it is such a good time to reflect and meditate on life and stop to enjoy the beauty of this world. \ It reminds you of how beautiful life is.
I was feeling really down that he would be gone. He blew me away with this, never saw it coming. \ Hi friend! I am not sure who you are talking about. Who blew you away?
Oh sorry, my husband blew me away. he sent me roses for my birthday! \ Oh, that is very nice! I guess he doesn't do that often if you were blown away. Seems like he loves you very much. :)
My husband gave me a really beautiful ring that belonged to his great grandmother. I cherish it every time I wear it.  \ that is so nice that he trust you with such a keepsake
Yes. It means a lot to both to us. She was a very lovely lady.  \ i'm sure sure was. was it a special occasion when he gave you the ring?
so this past sunday i cooked my first meal for my family. it turned out really good.  \ Oh, that sounds so exciting! What did you make?
seafood pasta, im so proud of myself.  \ Oh, sounds yummy! I love seafood. 
Man the new guys at work were slandering our boss so bad. \ Wow, that's rude! He won't last long...
I know right?  I made sure to keep my mouth shut and not add on to what they were saying or doing. \ Yeah, some nerve on that guy. He should be grateful to have a job!
When I was a little girl, we had a house fire and it burned to the ground. \ Oh no!  How did that happen?
It came from next door. Someone knocked over a kerosene stove.  \ That's horrible.  I hope you and your family made it out okay!
I was at my mom's house doing some pet sitting for her recently, and I found an old family photo album. It was interesting going back through it and reminiscing. \ That sounds like a lot of fun! Did you discover anything new?
I found some photos in there of my mom's house growing up. I had no idea she'd lived on a farm as a little kid, she never talked about it! \ That's pretty exciting! I hope it sparks a lot of new conversations for you both.
I snuck some candy out of my daughter's snack stash. I feel bad because I had been trying to diet. \ I understand that feeling. I've had trouble letting go of those kind of cravings too. Has your diet been going well otherwise?
Otherwise it's been pretty good- I've managed to lose 12 pounds! Just wish I could let the sugar cravings go. \ Wow, congratulations! Sugar is one of the hardest things to kick, I don't have the knack for it either, but still you're making great progress!
Oh gosh I just got in a wreck and totaled my brand new car!!! \ Oh no!! That is terrible! Are you ok? Will your insurance cover it?
I'm okay, shaken up but good. I don't know, we are still waiting on the investigation. But the other driver wasn't insured! \ That is a scary situation! Glad that you are alright! Man you car though! What a nice car, it is such a shame.
My sister is having another baby! I can't wait to meet her! This will be her fourth child. \ Oh wow! Congrats!! How exciting!! How far along is she?
Only one more month to go. She is about the explode though! Glad it is her and not me, lol. \ LOL Right!!! It's way too hot to be pregnant right now!
Totally agree! But I will be there to fan my sister for her at least. Haha \ You are so awesome!!! I wish I had  sister like you when I was pregnant.
I was about to book a flight for my baby and i and i was so surprised to find out i didn't need to pay for my baby'sticket \ That's really exciting! I would be so happy about that. 
i know! now i can spend the rest of the money on something cool  \ That's what I would do too. Do you have something in mind? 
I didn't get the promotion I wanted, even though my boss said it was virtually guaranteed. \ Oh no!  Did he give you a reason why?
Nope!  I think he's avoiding me.  I went through three different interviews over two months and he was positive about it the whole time. \ That's terrible.  Have you said something to HR about this?
There was a random dog in my yard yesterday morning.  He didn't look mean but I wasn't sure I wanted to mess with him. \ I've been in that situation before!  It can be scary
It was!  I didn't want to chase him off either.  Thankfully he just kind of wandered away. \ I'm glad it worked out in the end!  I wish people would be more careful with their dogs.
A close family friend died in a car accident recently. I had know him since I was a kid, so it was relly painful for me. \ I'm so sorry to hear that, Are you handling it ok?
I'm feeling a bit better everyday. He was always really good to me and my mom growing up, so I still miss him. \ I miss my father just the same, I suggest going and doing something you both enjoyed doing together. I find I feel closer to them in those moments, almost like we are still sharing them together.
My father died a few years ago, and I keep his cologne to remember him by. \ It'd nice you have a memento like that to remember him by. Did he wear it often?
Pretty much always, Jovan Musk ,it's an easy smell to remember. And makes me imagine him like it was yesterday. \ What a great thing to have, I glad you're able to keep his memory alive like that. :)
My boyfriend and I did a lot around the house last weekend. It was nice he didn't have to work. Come monday morning I knew I was really gonna miss him. \ That's so nice! He sounds like a keeper!
Yes he is. I'm glad he is so understanding about my clingyness. I don't work so I'm alone alot. \ I'm glad you guys found each other. He sounds like a nice guy.
I am so behind on my housework. I have a pile of laundry that I've been neglecting... \ Oh, I hate it when that happens. Makes you feel disorganized in your thoughts even.
Yes, I feel like a slob! I really need to get it under control! \ Take a day and devote it just for the house. That's what I do. I always feel so much better the next day that's not on my back.
I lived with this girl once and I trusted her. Found out I never should have. \ Oh, sorry to hear that man. Yeah girls are hard to trust these days. What's up with that?
I thought she was going through my stuff. So I set up a trap to find out for sure \ You did? Wow! What did it reveal?
That she was going through my stuff. I wrote a letter and place a piece of hair in it. Then had a guy write my name on it. When I checked hair was gone so I knew she had read it. \ Wow! Good riddens to her! Haha
I bought something from the store and the lady gave me the wrong change. She gave me too much change actually. I did not realize until later after I left the store. \ Oh, no. Did you take it back or keep it
I have not had time to go back yet but I will for sure. I feel bad like as if I did something wrong. I better check my change from now on. \ The store might not take it back at this point if it has been to long. 
So I was driving down the road the other day and passed that stretch of road that has all those mimosa trees.  They were in bloom and man did they stir up some emotions. \ That sounds beautiful! What emotions did they bring out of you?
My grandmother kept those trees at our old house.  They super made me miss her and when we used to sit outside on her porch. \ I'm sorry! What a lovely memory to have of her though. It's good to still have things in your life that remind you of her.
My childhood friend gave me a watch for by birthday a few years ago, I lost it in a move recently. I'm pretty upset by it. \ Oh no!  It always seems like things get lost when you move doesn't it?  Is there anyway you can go back and see if its at your old place?
I've actually checked and went through all the boxes too. Here's hoping it turns up one day though! \ It will probably be where you least expect it!
We were driving and suddenly our car stopped working in the middle of the freeway. It was shocking, and our hazard lights weren't working. \ That is terrible! I hope no one got hurt. 
We were safe! Thankfully someone was able to tow us away quickly. \ That's good. Hopefully your car got fixed as well. 
I'm so sad. My 15 year old cat just died.  \ I'm sorry that is tough. What breed was it?
It was a Siamese cat. It's been a week and I can't stop crying.  \ Aw! Life ends sadly. Have you thought about getting another cat?
I let my daughter ride in the road by herself on her skateboard the other day. \ Oh wow.  How did she do?
She did great. She's pretty good about looking out for cars. \ That's awesome!  That's great exercise! 
So I lost the ring that my best friend gave me when he moved out of country.  We had matching ones made and it's really breaking my heart. \ Oh no! That's so sad. I'm so sorry, I know you must feel like crap.
It's strange sometimes how we get so attached to material things like this.  I know I really shouldn't but it feels like a piece of me is gone. \ I understand completely. I have things of my grandfather's that I can never replace.
I went to the store yesterday to see if the bakery had fresh baked glazed doughnuts.  \ I love doughnuts. Did they have them?
They did! I actually got the last dozen. \ I envy you, wish I was there to have some with a cup of coffee
Exactly what I did! Coffee and doughnuts :) \ Oh yes my favorite. I hope you shared with others.
Only with my partner, he made the coffee lol \ Awesome! I imagined he enjoyed it.
I went to the grocery store, while at the cashier i realized that I could not find my debit card. \ Oh no! Did you end up finding it?
No, I felt really bad. I ended up leaving the groceries.   \ Aw that's too bad. Sorry to hear. I lost my debit once, I don't think I ever found mine either..
It is really sad, I had to call and order a new one. \ Scary situation loosing a card...Hopefully you get your new one quick!
I hope so too because it is so not good not been able to buy anything \ That's too bad! 
I broke up with my girlfriend a week ago so now I'm adjusting to single life. \ I'm sorry to hear that. That can be a hard adjustment to make. 
I agree, I'm taking it one day at a time and I realize that it will be a process. \ Everything will work out fine. Stay strong, you're going to find someone that completes you and you will see that it was for the better. 
When I was about 5 I saw my dog get run over by a tractor. The vet said we should think about putting him down because it could have brain damage. I threw a fit in the clinic when he said that.  \ That's crazy, I can't believe your dog survived. Did you end up putting him down?
No Dobie was around when I graduated High School. That was one tough doberman.  \ That's really impressive, I'm glad he was able to keep living and supporting you.
I had this really hard test at school the other day. I am pretty sure I aced it.  \ That's great! What class was it for?
Bio-engineering. It was really hard.  \ Wow! You must be very smart. There's no way I'd be any good at bio-engineering.
My husband and I were really struggling to get pregnant. I was very upset about it. \ Oh, I'm sorry. I can image how you feel. My son and his wife are trying to get pregnant right now as well. 
I ended up having to go to the doctor because I was so freaked out. Eventually it just happened though and now she's 9 months old! \ Aw, that's so awesome! Congratulations! 
Oh my!  I have never heard that before.  I hate feeling that powerless but it is bound to happen many more times unfortunately \ It does happen a lot. I have 4 children and it seems like every time on hurts I feel their pain also.
It is so upsetting that my daughter was in a car accident. I am thankful that she was fine but we lost our car because of someone's bad judgment. \ Oh, no! That's so terrible!
It was. They wanted to blame my daughter but it was their fault. \ I'm so sorry that happened! I'm glad she's okay, though.
This morning, I went outside to harvest vegetables from my garden. I discovered that animals had gotten to them first, though. \ How will you keep them out? It must be something that you can do.
I'm not sure what type of animal it was, exactly. Maybe we'll have better luck next year. \ That's a good attitude. I wish you have better luck next time.
My boyfriend proposed last night!! \ Congratulations! That's awesome! How long have you two been together?
10 years lol!!!! Took him long enough hahaha \ Hah! That is a long time! That's so exciting for you though. I hope wedding planning goes well and is super fun for you!
We bought a barn cat and he is super annoying. He always sits at the front door of our house instead of staying at the barn! \ LOL that sucks. What are you gonna do?
We just keep putting him back at the barn and making sure his food bowl is filled to hopefully entice him to stay. \ Hopefully he stays there and catches those rats!!!
I got invited to a party by some friends. I felt a little down because I got invited and I didn't try to get my brother an invitation. \ Do your friends not get along with your brother?
Well, I just don't think they are as good of friends with my brother..but I think they should still include him. \ Makes sense, it's hard to bring things like that up with friends, but if you explain your feelings to them, I'm sure they'll understand.
I've been pet sitting for my mom while she is on vacation, and I've gotten close with one of her cats. She's just the sweetest little thing! \ That's so great! What type of cat is it?
She is a Russian Blue, so she has this beautiful blue-grey fur. She is very friendly, and part of me wants to just take her home with me! \ That's amazing! Maybe you can plan to see her more often?
I was crashing on a boy once and he came to me to tell me he was in love with my best friend \ Oh no! That must've felt awful, I'm sorry!
Yes, it was cause I thought he like me cause we had went out once or twice \ I'm sorry you had to go through that! I bet you find someone better for you anyway.
I was feeling really down for a few weeks and my sister knew. She drove hours to come see me and make me feel better! \ That is a great sister. I'm sorry you were feeling down
Yeah it was really sweet of her and made me feel so much better! \ I am glad you are feeling better now
I feel so at ease and happy when my husband is home with me. I don't like being home alone \ that's sweet. You guys must have a great relationship.
Yes, we do. He just makes me for so happy and satisfied.  \ That's great. How long have you been married?
I was recently on a long international flight and we hit some really bad turbulence. \ That must've been scary! Did you freak out?
I didn't, but I was really nervous for a little while. My wife didn't handle it quite as well. \ Oh no. I'm sorry to hear that. At least you both survived the flight. 
We had a pretty fun family vacation about a month ago. \ Sweet! Where did you go?
We went to a lake not far from here.  We had a ton of fun on the boat . . . nobody else was on the water one of the days! \ That would be awesome to have the whole lake to yourself! My guess is the weather was nice too if you guys got to use the boat most days!
I work in tech support.  Every once in a while a customer will want our software to do something it either cant or is not built for. \ I've had similar experiences.  What do you end up doing?
I write up feedback for development. It just gets frustrating when they start to demand that I fix it.  I might be good at my job but not good enough to do a code change on the fly. \ Have you ever had a positive experience from that cycle?
My wife bought us a super comfortable double recliner, and every since we got it, I never want to get out of it. \ Oh nice! I need one of those! My couch is so uncomfortable. It would be hard to get out of a new recliner for me as well.
Yeah, untill we got the new recliner, I'd been sitting in a 20 year-old busted recliner and it was killing my back. \ Ugh! It's cool that she got a double so you guys can sit next to eachother as well.
I just got to use my new coffee pot from a brand I've never tried. wow, that's good coffee! \ Nice that it worked out so well for you! What brand did you end up going with?
Bonavita. I love it so much I will never buy another brand again. \ Wow, that's some high praise, I might just have to try it out myself!
So a few nights ago I was awoken to a spider crawling across me in bed. \ Oh heck no! Were you able to get back to sleep?
Nope! I kept feeling like they were all over me the rest of the night. \ Ew, yeah I would have been in the same boat. Did you go sleep on the couch after that?
I screwed up plans for a date night with my wife. We ended up having to cancel and she was really mad about it. \ Oh I bet you were pretty upset. Did you guys reschedule?
We did and I made sure to not screw that one up! \ Haha good! I'm glad that one went well.
 once i got my favorite pen with me and i got full score.. is it not a lucky charm? \ I suppose it is, but I wonder if the fact that you studied might have had more to do with it?
 i do accept , even then i believe in miracles!! \ Well I am glad you got a good score. And faith is not a bad thing.
I went through some pretty tough times. Still, I believed things would get better eventually. \  it is a good sign of positivity i guess.. 
Absolutely. Things did get better as a matter of fact.  \ yes.. only thing we should do is to be patience and the rest will be okay ..
I was able to go back home to my parents for a few weeks recently. It was wonderful to relax in my childhood home. \ It's always nice to visit home. Did your parents enjoy your visit?
They loved having me around again! Our ten year old dog wouldn't leave my side. \ Ha ha! I bet. Dogs are the best. I bet he missed you just as much as they did.
I've been thinking about buying some new, softer skateboard wheels. \ What makes you want to get softer wheels? Are those harder to skateboard on?
No, they make rough pavement feel smoother. I think I'll just keep the ones I have for now though. Just have to deal with having a rough ride. \ I didn't know that about softer wheels! Maybe in the future you can change to those.
I recently got in trouble at work for not making my schedule, but it is their fault because they gave me one they knew I couldn't work \ That sounds shady.  Did it ever get worked out?
No it didn't. I am actually on a final warning right now. It's discouraging for sure. \ That is very discouraging.   I am sorry you have to deal with that stress.
I wasextremele upset when I found out a classmate was being cruel to my daughter \ Oh that is terrible! Kids are so mean! What did you do?
I spoke with the school counselor and told her the concerns of my daughter's that it will get worse \ I hope that it only gets better.
i waited years and years but i finale did it \ Oh really! What did you do?!
i got married \ Oh my goodness! Congrats! How long were you two together before you took the plunge?
2 weeks and his name is matt \ Oh wow! I've been waiting for 6 years for mine to throw a ring on this finger. still waiting! lol
I think I'm gonna lose my doggie soon. \ oh no what happened
My dog is 10 years old. He has been pretty miserable with the ear infections and allergies. He just wants to sleep all the time. \ well i had one that did that and he lived to 17 so there may still be hope
my first trip overseas was to Rome as a college freshman. that was many years ago. hope to go back soon. \ That's awesome. I've been to a lot of countries but would love to go to Italy. I am envious.
It was a great trip. I was there for a semester. Small group of students living on campus about 10 miles outside of the city and easy public transport to get into and around Rome. \ That's pretty cool. I hope you get to go back.
I had to take my dog to the vet yesterday and I had full confidence they would take care of his problems. They are so good there. \ oh no! hope all is well with your dog.
Thank you. Other than an allergic reaction and a subsequent skin infection all is well. Just a couple weeks of meds and a change in diet needed. \ Good to read. Always great to find a vet you can trust. Looks like you did. 
So we went out to that new BBQ place to eat the other night.   \ BBQ sounds so good right now! How was it?
It wasn't bad.  It wasn't earth shattering good either.  Everything just weirdly seemed okay.  It was a bit strange.  \ Well that's kind of disappointing. It's always a let down when you go out and it isn't is good as you were hoping.
I took my dog I've had for years over to meet one of my husband's sisters the other night. \ Oh neat!  How did the little one handle it?
It did not go well at all! She pooped all over the carpet and she never has accidents at home. \ Oh no!  Poor baby must have been really stressed out. 
My wife and I are taking a vacation to Maine this fall, and I've never been before! \ How exciting.   What do you plan on seeing while there?
We are going to stay in Portland and explore it for a couple days, and we're probably going to do a lot of hiking so we can see all the beautiful scenery while we're there. \ I am jealous.  I love being out in nature
My most treasured item is her ornament that she had for her cat Barney.   That cat was her world.  \ I had a cat named Barney too! We was a one-eyed grey tabby. What kind of ornament is it?
Its a porcelain one.   Barney was a black cat that lived into his 20s.  I loved that cat \ Wow, that's quite a long life for a cat. I'm glad you got to enjoy so many years with Barney.
My Junior year in high school we made it to the state championship in football. The coach would let the captains say a few motivational words before we got off the bus. So he called me to say something. I told my teammates that if they didn't plan on winning the trophy don't get off the bus then I sat down.   \ That's not a bad response, how did the team take it?
They were quiet it was supposed to be a two minute speech. The bus driver said you guys better listen he looks serious.  \ That's great, Did yall win?
WE won 60 - 3  \ congratz!
So I accidentally got someone fired for something at work. \ That sounds bad. I know it wasn't intentional but what happened? 
The person bragged about doing something, that they didn't actually do. Which was highly inappropriate for the job we had. I had to tell the manager due to liability issues. All for it to not even be true. \ Well you did what you were supposed to do. It's their fault for saying what they said. 
i tell you i was red all over \ Why? were you mad?
i lost my swim trunks in front of a crowd \ Oh no! thats embarrassing. I hope everyone was too drunk to remember. lol
I was trying to use my smart tv to watch a movie and my internet kept disconnecting. \ awe man thats the worst
 I tried reconnectiong and it would work for a while and then disconnect again. it was a really good movie too! \ thats really sucks
I really loathe meetings.  They're usually so pointless. \ i completely agree. though, i'm remote so i am never sitting in the same room as others so i can distract myself ;)
That must be nice . . . I'm in person.  However, I actually had a productive meeting this morning.  How novel that was! \ lol. it kinda is. i moved about 3 hours south of my office a few years ago and since even at the office my work involves connecting to remote data centers it hasn't changed my job any. 
what an odd memory to crop up. my dog jetted outside anytime he could and one night managed to get out and the car that hit him had no time to stop.. dark and right in front of our house.  \ Oh no, that's awful!  What happened to your dog?
years ago I think I was in middle school at the time, he'd gotten out and met his fate when a car couldn't stop in time. It's an odd memory to pop up. maybe because i've just seen a bunch of pet posts from my friends on fb.  \ Sorry to hear that.  That must have been tough at that age.
Oh man.  I was at the store yesterday and my nose just started bleeding like crazy! \ That's terrible! What did you do?
I had to bolt out of the store!  I have never been so embarrassed.  Lucky for me I had a napkin in my purse so I didn't get it everywhere. \ That's good. I'm glad your alright.
I had to take my daughter to the doctor the other day. She was very sick. \ Oh no!  Hopefully its just the flu.  What did they say?
It was just the flu. I got her some medicine, brought her home, and made tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. \ That's good!  I hope she gets to feeling better soon.  The flu is no fun.
I went to a water park years ago. Aas I was going down one of the slides, my top slid up and I was exposed. I was so humiliated.  \ That sounds terrible, but I'm sure it's happened to other people before. 
Yes, but ever since then, i refuse to go down slides at the water park.  \ You shouldn't let one bad incident ruin water parks for you. You're probably the only one that remembers and still thinks about that incident.
Once in Kindergarten, a pair of my underwear got stuck in my shirt and fell out in the middle of the classroom. \ Oh no! That's so sad. You must've been so upset. 
I was! I thought I was going to get in trouble \ Hopefully you didn't and hopefully the other kids didn't make fun of you
I was working on this project for 6 years and the deadline was coming up. I knew we should have asked for 7 years of funding but my boss said 6 would be enough. \ What happened? Did you finish the project?
Not in time. The deadline came and I still needed about 3-6 more months. My boss said we should ask for an extension, but I knew those were rarely given. \ Wow, that sucks. Sounds like it's your bosses fault. Did he take the blame?
He took part of it when he wrote a great letter backing the extension. But I was worried and felt like I should probably start looking for another job just in case. \ Well good luck with your future projects or your future job.
So my daughter totally lied through her teeth right to my face yesterday. \ Oh no! Hopefully that is the first time that has happened.
Nope! School called me yesterday to inform me she never showed. I asked my daughter how her day was at school and she totally played it off like she was there the entire day. had no idea i was on to her. \ That is terrible! Especially since it was the whole day. Are you planning to punish her?
oh yeah. She is grounded and now has to wear a uniform to school even though the school doesn't require it. LOL \ Lol.  I love it.  That is a great way to remind her of why she shouldn't lie.
Yep, thank you very much! \ I bet she won't do that again
All of the sudden my light bill went from 150 a month to 398!   \ What happened to make it that way
I still don't know!  We've been dealing with it for months.  I've lived here for years.  What makes me so mad though is that they all keep telling me "well it is hot outside" Well yessss I know that! \ Yeah that sucks, I have gone through that too
My family member was going through a hard time. It just made me feel bad for them and caring \ Yes, it's hard to see people you know and care about struggling.  Are they doing better?
They are now thankfully \ That's great to hear!  I hope it stays that way and whateer troubles they had are subsided
101 degrees this weekend. I would rather go out to a brewery. Instead I promised friends I'd help them move. SMH \ Help them move and then have them take you out to the brewery as thanks.
ooo i like your way of thinking.  \ I don't drink so have a drink for me lol.    
if we're not dead wiped out from the heat of the day i'll have a beer for ya. if we are, i'll be drowning myself in ice cold water and we'll definitely drink more than a few of those for ya! \ Lol. Thanks
I still feel the loss of my 19 year old cat Lexi.  She was my first pet as an adult.  \ oh man. was just talking to someone about that type of thing. i had a pet dog who was hit by a car back when I was in jr high. i have friends who have recently lost their lifelong pets and i know they're still reeling to some extent.
Yeah it hurts but I felt lucky to have had her in my life.  Send your friends a hug from me.   \ i will indeed. thank you. back at ya.
I am sooo excited! I just found out my husband is buying me a new car for my birthday!  \ Wow! Do you know what kind of car you're getting yet?
Yes! He's buying me a Dodge Charger Hellcat!!! Vrooooom! \ That's amazing. I bet you can barely contain yourself!
So my sister is getting married in a few weeks. \ Congratulations! I bet she is excited and hopefully you are excited for her. 
Absolutely! The whole family is flying out, we can barely contain ourselves. \ Oooo!!! That is so awesome! Will you be in her wedding party?
Hello, how are you today \ i am very good
Thats good! I'm doing okay over here. My sons biological dad just recently came and picked him up after not being around for a few months so Im doing my best to have faith he will be okay \ don't worry, I think everything will turn out right and your fears will disappear
the other day I was looking at old pictures of a car i use to own. I miss that car. \ What kind of car was it?
i was an old Cadillac, reason I miss it, lot of memories of family and friends riding in it \ Oh I bet! My husband wants an older car when we can afford it
i hate that my daughter is growing, she wanted me to drop off at the movies \ Was she wanting to go with friends?
yes, but the world is so scary \ I know, you just never know how she will handle a dangerous situation. I talk to mine all the time about things that could happen. 
I just knew my daughter could pull it off! \ pull what off?
She  is normally a D student but worked really hard and got the A B honor roll! \ wow, that is so nice. you both should be really happy
Yeah and I'm glad she realizes there is nothing wrong with her. It just takes a little effort. \ yes, you have to put forth alot of effort in order to see good result. good for her. 
I have been happy married for 10 years. \ That's a long time! You and your partner must really love eachother.
Yes, we do. I can't wait to see what the next 10 years bring \ I hope I have that one day! I bet these next ten years are even better than your last.
So my friend adopted a new kitten very recently. \ I love kitten, but I can't have one where I live. I bet it is so cute
Oh, she is absolutely adorable! I'm so envious, I haven't been able to adopt one yet. \ Do you plan on getting one
just moved into a new apartment last weekend. pretty happy with it. a little smaller but a 5 yo complex as opposed to a 45 year old complex. modern amenities are nice. also, i'm going to visit my family tomorrow. good week so far. \ It feels good to be in a new place, but the moving process sucks. Is it a new part of town?
yeah. so i live in austin but moved up to the cedar park suburb.. about 15 minutes north of my old place. cedar park itself is not new but it has started growing because people can't afford the quickly rising prices in austin proper. \ I get that. My city is going through that right now too. I moved to the suburbs and love it so far.
Bought a new car a few months back. Couple nights ago we had a big storm roll through. I thought for sure it was going to hail all over my new car. \ oh man. i hate that. we've had some pretty nasty storms come through Austin in the last few months and luckily i've managed to be in some random parking garage out shopping or eating when they've rolled through.
Nice! We have a garage, but my wife takes up what little room isnt filled with junk with her car. Mine wouldnt fit anyway unless I cleared it out. \ lol. well that's no good. cleaning garages bites. 
i just lost my pet dog. I do not know what to do. \ OH NO! I would be devastated. Did he pass, or missing?
i cannot find her anywhere, she is missing, it feels like I have a part of me missing  \ I am so sorry. I am sure you are. I would be devastated if I was in your shoes. Does she have a chip? Maybe someone will get her to a vet office.
I do programming work and I recently had a question I had to run by a co-worker. He is a programming wizard. He easily handled my issue and was using terms and methods I had never even heard of. \ i guess in your field of work you would run across terms and methods which are unfamiliar
That is true. I usually can keep up, but this guy is on another level.  \ you'll find some like that, not much you can do
I had a meeting with my bosses the other day to discuss finally getting a promotion. \ How long did it take you to get your promotion?
I've been working there for a couple years now. I'm feeling pretty good about my chances! Haven't heard back yet. \ I bet that your bosses will give you the long over promotion. I will keep my fingers crossed for you. Good luck!
I feel so good about knowing I am going to win the race on Sunday. The race is for my favorite charity. When I win the race I get to give my winnings to my charity of choice. \ That's wonderful! Do you have a charity in mind yet?
Yes, it is my local animal shelter. They will be there to cheer me on!  \ I bet it will feel amazing to have them cheering you on! I have a feeling you'll do great in your race.
It was wonderful not having to worry about my most recent exam, knowing I was prepared. \ Good job! How do you think you did on it?
I know I did well! I studied and felt very prepared when I took it. \ That is a good feeling. Time to celebrate before the grind starts all over!
My wife has had a trip in mind ever since I've known her. She recently had a big birthday so I surprised her with the trip. We went and she loved it. It made me happy to see her so happy. \ That's wonderful! Where are you guys going to go?
It was just a trip to the west coast. There was a handful of things she's always wanted to see/do. So we did all of them. \ I'm glad you guys had a good time. Are you planning another trip?
Hey, what's up? \ hey, how are you?
I am doing pretty well. Actually, very good after being without electricity for like 16 hours. \ 16 hours, thats a long time
Yeah, it is horrible trying to sleep without conditionated air, you sweat a lot and looks like you recently got out of taking a shower hahaha. And how yo doing? \ im doing well
Good for you! \ what cause the AC to go out
i hate taking test \ Me too, it is to stressing
very stressful, i time to make sure that i am ready for the test the night before \ Wow, looks like you are extemely organized, no offense
Last week there was a huge tarantula on my wall. I thought it was going to jump on me. \ OH GOSH! I would burn the whole house down. i'm terrified of spiders and bugs
OMG me too! I hit it with a rolled up news paper and a bunch of baby spiders came out. I had a panic attack and stomped on them. \ i would have a heart attack!
my husband called me a punk today for no reason. and then when i told him he hurt my feelings he didn't even understand why  \ Forget him. Get yourself a real man.
no.. i love him. but he can be such a punk sometimes \ If he really loved you, he would pay attention to your every need. Kick him to the curb.
I packed for a long road trip, and had everything I would need to hopefully avoid excessive stops.  \ Yeah I like going straight to the point too
Definitely. Nothing worse than dragging out a drive because you didn't pack enough food and didn't plan bathroom breaks. \ I like when I get places earlier than expected
My mom borrowed my car last week. I wasn't worried. \ That's good! It can sometimes be hard trusting others with expensive belongings.
Definitely. But i'm not concerned about her! \ That's great! Did she teach you how to drive?
I live in Florida. When I go home once a year it is a grand occasion. \ Where is it that you go to go home? 
I grew up in Alabama. It is not far from Florida but still I get so thrill when I can go back to see family and friends. \ That's awesome. I love going back to my hometown to visit as well. It's nice to see family you don't see every day.
My very first boyfriend ever cheated on me. When I found out I was so mad.  \ Well, it is good that you did not marry him. I had a husband who cheated.
Oh wow. Yeah, I can't even imagine if I had married him. I'm glad he showed his true colors early on. I never had to see him again after that. \ Consider yourself very luck. A leopard never change his strips.
My sons first day of school was the other day. \ wow. like, very first? or just the start of the year?
Very first. I was so nervous till he got off the bus. \ how did he like it? how did you do?
beautiful friend of mine. i had gone to visit and walked in a room i normally put my coat when i get to her house and she was in various states of undress. i don't think you've ever seen anyone turn around and get out of a room so quickly. \ I bet you were embarrassed. 
very much so. we laugh about it now years later but yeah talk about turning 5 shades of red quickly! \ Sounds like you learned to knock on the door first lol.
i want it to rail today \ Did you mean rain?
yes, sorry rain \ I like rain myself. We've been getting a good amount here, during the past month or so. 
its been so hot and dry here \ We've had an uncharacteristically mild summer. I'm hoping it continues. 
A close friend of mine recently told me he was filing for divorce. I've known him and his wife for decades, so I'm concerned for them both. \ thats horrible, divorce is the last result. 
Yes. Unfortunately, they have kids as well.  \ are the kids old enough to understand whats going on?
Yes. They're in their early teens, or near it.  \ i guess thats a positive. they can understand that their life will be somewhat different
I remember my mom taking be to my dorm to check in for college. I was excited and nervous at the same time.  \ I remember that too, it's interesting transitioning to a more independent lifestyle.
That's what I was excited about. Independence and starting something new.  \ That's great, I imagine that you still missed your family while getting involved and having new experiences.
I was babysitting a few days ago and my cousin kept throwing her food on the floor. \ That must have been frustrating. What did you do? 
I kept cleaning it up and put down a bunch of towels around her to protect the floor. I think it comes with the territory, she gets what she wants. \ That made me laugh. And you are a great babysitter. 
I had a dentist appointment yesterday.  I hate going to the dentist! \ I understand that completely! Did you have to get any work done?
Yes I had to get a filling in my very back tooth.  THe dentist said I had a very deep cavity and to raise my hand if I started to feel anything because it was very close to my nerve.   I was scared the whole time. \ That sounds scary! I always avoid going to the dentist until I absolutely have to. I know that's pretty bad!
I have a test coming up that I've been studying for weeks for. \ Oh boy!!   WHat is the test over?    
It's a Japanese language test for college. I feel pretty good about it though, been going over and over it every night. \ Japanese language seems like it would be heard to learn.  Good luck on your test, Im sure you will do fine.
I had phone interview for a job. It went very well \ great, i hope you get the job.
Thank you. I wrote down a list of questions and key points beforehand. \ so you were really prepared. 
my close friend stole from me, im upset! \ That's terrible. Did you confront your friend?
no, but i want to. i seen her on my home camea \ I'm sorry. I hope you can work things out without too much drama.
A few years ago I was able to buy my first new Car. That was such a great day. \ Congratulations! Buying a car is a big investment. What was the first thing you did when you got your car. 
I got a Dodge Caravan so I could do my garage sale thing. It held everything I bought that day with room to spare. always had used cars. \ I happy for you. Buying a new car is a big deal. 
I was rear ended last Friday while sitting at a stop light.  \ Oh no! Did they stick around to exchange info?
Yes I have the info. I just left the adjuster a message before I started talking to you.  \ Oh good. At least they were responsible enough to that with you. I'm glad your ok.
I just finished eating a fantastic meat loaf. I've been cooking a lot lately and am pleased with my results.  \ i love meat loaf
I found a real tasty ketchup, lower in carbs and sweetened with honey, so I've been using that as a topping. \ sounds good, what made you go low carb?
It keeps my blood sugar from spiking.  \ ok, i do low carm too
i went to a local restaurant , but the gloves that they wore touch everything including my food. ugh \ You mean the kitchen staff?
yes! \ I try not to think to much about kitchen sanitation when I go out to eat. 
I saw an old movie. It reminded me of my younger days. \ That's cool, good movies have a way of tapping into those feelings.
Yes. It's almost like a time machine. Fond memories. \ Sometimes it almost makes me want to go back somehow. But it's also important to move forward.
I think someone stole my headphones recently. \ Oh no! Do you have a suspect?
Not exactly, I have many friends and acquaintances in my dorm on the regular, so I'm not sure who it could be. \ I hope it turns up, or is returned to you soon.
When I was younger, I got my driver's license. I was sooo scared to drive, because i didn't want to get into an accident. \ Be positive. Don't deviate your mind while driving. Concentrate completely on driving. You can.
I tried to tell myself that, but my dad got into a really bad accident once, and it has scared me ever since. \ Sorry to hear this. Hope you'll get out from this fear and become a good driver. 
I'm going for the driving class. My trainer appreciated me today. \ That's great! Are you getting better at driving?
Yeah, hope I'll drive my own car within a month. \ Are you going to buy a car?
Man, my best friend just got a Lamborghini! I am so envious of her. I've always wanted one.  \ She's balling hard, I'm sure that her new toy will serve as motivation for you.
Yes, hopefully someday I can have one. At least she was nice and gave me a ride in it.  \ That's splendid and it should help you decide if you want an interior similar to hers or completely different in the future.
growing up my mom played a lot of Aretha Franklin. Naturally when I heard she passed I was shocked. \ Awww. I'm sorry to hear that. Aretha means a lot to you I see
Yes, I have a special place in my heart for classic music.  \ I'm sure. She was a very good singer. 
I was watching Aretha Franklin videos this weekend and it made me think about being young and my mom listening to her albums.  \ Aww, my mom used to listen to her too? Did she sing along and dance like mine did too? Used to love that when I was little.
That made me smile. My mom and your mom are soul sisters.  \ Ain't that the truth! Miss those days.
One birthday I could not believe my eyes! \ Why, what happened? 
One year for my birthday I had gone to my moms for a visit by myself without my fiance. When I got home and walked the door I was greeted by a golden retriever puppy! \ That's a present that you love and it can love you back. That's the best present. 
I'm listening to this audiobook and it's so scary, I could cry \ Sometimes it's good to face our fears, or turn on every light in the house.
it's really scary though... I think I will quit \ I don't I think could quit without the satisfaction of knowing how it ends.
I lost my job because my company didn't pay rent at our location. \ oh that is so wrong. How are you handling it?
Not very well. It makes me so angry. So I go work out to relieve the stress. \ that's good you do that, I would be very frustrated too. That's really unfair. Can you pursue legal charges?
I will always remember the day I found out I was pregnant with my first child. I was so happy and hurried out to get a card and gift for my husband to surprise him. \ That's awesome. My wife and I will hopefully be in that same boat soon. Was he excited?
He was very excited! We were nervous when we first decided we wanted to have one, but we immediately were thrilled when we found out. \ That's awesome. I can't wait to experience it.
Recently my wife left me home alone with the dog all weekend while she was gone on a girls trip. \ Oh I bet that was fun. What kind of dog do you have?
I missed her while she was gone. We have a mixed breed rescue pup. \ My husband was gone all weekend buying us a new puppy, so I understand feeling lonely! 
i was on pins in needles waiting for the arrival of my first born \ but i bet you feel all better now right?
yes, extremely better \ that's really good. Everything went okay?
I am finally pregnant after years of trying! \ wow, thats so awesome! make sure you take care of yourself
yes i'm taking all the vitamins and eating healthy. I am very excited. \ these months will fly by so fast
i stole some money from my brother and he realized it was gone, but i haven't said anything. I think I should \ Yeah it might be a good idea to tell him. But you may want to have the money to give back to him first. 
well I feel bad because I used it... on some drugs that I needed. \ Hopefully legal drugs.  But either way I think you should tell him and give him his money. But you know your brother better than me. 
I checked the mail box one day and had a letter from a University I wanted to go to.  \ hey that's awesome! You won't have to steal money like me. Which University was it?
Texas Christian University TCU. But the stealing thing is going catch up to you.  \ Oh a Christian University that is nice. Well I needed my drugs
The only thing christian about TCU is the name. I'm on scholarship.  \ oh okay that's good. I should apply because of my diabetes insulin is expensive. 
I was dating someone else when I met the man who is now my husband. I thought he was just going to be a friend, but I eventually developed feelings for him. \ Wow. Did the other person know what was going on?
He didn't, but when I broke up with him I let him know. I never acted on my feelings until we were broken up. \ Well that's good. Sounds like it all worked out pretty well.
Our computer system at work is goofing up a lot, but the development team just keeps saying there's nothing wrong. \ Ugh, I bet that is really frustrating. Is it making it difficult to do your job?
Sometimes. It doesn't stop me from doing things, just slows me down and takes longer than it should to do the things I need to do. \ That makes for long days at work. I hope they can fix it for you soon.
 I think my daughters boyfriend is so respectful. I really like him. \ That's good. I hope she found someone who treats her well.
Me too. He asked me if it would be ok to asked her out on a real date. He is taking her to dinner and a movie Friday. \ That's really sweet. I bet your nervous though.
Every time my kids go to grandma's they get to eat all kinds of candies, and get new toys. \ Omg, I bet they come home so spoiled.
Yeah they do! Some times I wish I got to go visit grandma's like they do lol. \ Yeah, what the heck I don't remember my mom being so nice when I was a kid! lol
I was really happy when my nephew was born, Sadly i was informed he had cystic fibrosis, a genetic disease. \ That's sad to hear. What's his prognosis?
He's doing about as well as he can be. Very healthy, but without some new discoveries he will likely have a shortened lifespan. \ Hopefully medical technology will catch up to where it needs to be for him. 
I'm supposed to visit my sister's family for thanksgiving this year, but I'm not really looking forward to it. We haven't gotten along over the past several years. \ Sibling rivalries are unfortunate. Hopefully you two can patch things up one day?
Maybe. She has a lot of mental difficulties that makes it hard to be around her. Short visits are okay, but anything longer than that gets uncomfortable.  \ Ah, i see. I hope you end up going and find a way to enjoy yourself. Family is all that matters in the end. 
I feel like things are falling into place with my life \ That's great. Any specifics?
Just with my career, relationships and family. I was a little lost there for awhile.  \ I'm glad things are on the right track.
I bought some cheap stocks hoping that they would go up in price. They didn't. \ Oh no! I used to be a financial advisor so I'm sure that was frustrating. I hope you didn't lose too much money!
Not too much. I only put in what I could afford to lose. \ As much as I hate they didn't go up in price for you, I'm so happy that you didn't overdo it.
I had always been early to work and never late until this past month. \ Thats good to hear and do
Not really, because now I am always late! It all started because of having to carpool now. \ I hate being late
I felt like I was going to do well on a test. I studied all night \ How did you do?
I did very well and I knew I would \ That's great! Congrats!
Don't you hate when you order food and it is terrible. \ I do. Makes me angry.
We ordered Krystals on a road trip and couldn't even take it back because it would have cost too much time on the road. I was so upset. \ I do not like Krystals.
I tried to catch a criminal but he got away. \ Did he have a weapon?
Yes but only a small knife. \ What were you gonna do if you caught him?
My son recently came home from his grandparents and had a gift for me. I was so excited! \ Aw, that's sweet. What was it?
He had helped his grandpa make me a planter box and had filled it with soil and seeds for different herbs. \ That sounds way better than the stuff I would try to make for my mom when I was little!
I came home yesterday and my dog had pooped all over the floor. He hasnt done that in ages. \ Oh yuck! I'm sorry that that happened. What kind of dog is he? Is he sick?
Thanks. I dont think so. He has seemed fine otherwise. I've watched him on our security cam today and he seems fine. He is a mutt from a local shelter. \ Hopefully it was just a bad day for him and he won't do it again! I have a couple rescue mutts as well. 
i was outside watering my flowers and seen a snake \ Oh no, how scary! What did you do?
took off as fast as i could \ I don't blame you, snakes are scary! Do you know what kind of snake it was?
a big one. lol \ Lol, yikes!!
right, i dont know where it went \ Hopefully far, far away!
I was going on a vacation, so I made sure to pack everything that I would need. \ nice, its good to be organized before you go on vacation
I agree. I made all of the reservations I would need far in advance. \ i hope you have a good time
Thank you! I checked the weather, and it's supposed to be great! \ good weather is always nice while on vacation. you are so lucky
My husband is installing a wood boiler for our home to heat our house this Winter. I'm so impressed with him because he's doing it all on his own. \ That is impressive.  Is he normally pretty handy?
Very! He surprises me every day with the amount of knowledge he has. He can fix anything! \ Thats so awesome! I want to get to that point some day.
My son wouldnt sleep last night.  He kept yelling and wouldnt go into his room. \ Oh no! I hate when that happens. Was he afraid or just didn't want to sleep?
He just didnt want to sleep. I think he was overtired and trying to fight it at that point. \ Ugh, that's the worst. That happens a lot with my son as well. Hopefully he wasn't too cranky today!
I recently got a $50 gift card that I'm really looking forward to using. \ That's awesome. I'd be excited too. What are you going to get with it?
I'm looking at some D&D/RPG stuff. Maybe the Avengers Infinity War Blu Ray.  \ That's fun. I just watched that move this weekend. I really enjoyed it.
I work for a software company. I have been trying to learn a new language for some stuff. I knocked out my first task like a champ. \ That's great! Do you get a chance to learn new languages often?
Well I have the opportunity, but rarely have the time to really devote to it. \ My ex programs for insurance companies and they all use the same, ancient language for their statistics. She hasn't had to learn anything new for decades.
I am eagrly awaiting fevershly \ Is that uncomfortable for you?
naw i cant wait \ Ok, well I hope it comes out ok for you.
I landed an ollie on my skateboard for the first time in 14 years yesterday. \ holy moly thats great i cant ever walk normal
Yeah it took a lot of practice. \ oh i bet
I was recently promoted at work, I was a bit surprise but happy. \ Congrats! Did they just come in and say hey guess what you're getting promoted
No, they called me into the office, told me to have a seat and said that I have been promoted. \ That's cool. Guess all that hard work pays off!
Next week I am off work and going to the beach. \ That is wonderful! So you will be on a vacation? Will you be going alone? 
No I am going with my wife and her family. But we all get along great so it should be fun. \ You will be having fun in the sun. Nothing like a day at beach.
Amen. It is much needed. Ready for some sun and a drink with an umbrella. \ Yea, once I vacationed on a Caribbean island, Lovely beaches, food and drinks.
I was talking to my mom one day and she was telling me that my step dad was having some heart issues. He was in the middle of a big garden project and could not finish. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  Do they know what the issue with his heart is. 
They ran some tests and could not pin point what was wrong so he is just taken it easy. I decided to take a weekend and go over and finish the garden. He was pretty happy about that. \ That's good. I'm glad it wasn't something urgent and he got to finish in the garden. 
I'm a huge football fan but wasn't happy about last season.  \ Did your team not do so good? I know mine sure didn't.
That's the reason I was mad about the season. Who is your favorite team? \ I like Chicago. How bout you?
Dallas  \ Nice, I like them too.
My son graduated pre-school.  It isnt much but its that next step in his school career. \ That is wonderful! You must be happy, shows that he is getting bigger, soon it will be college 
Haha, I hope not too soon!  I was really happy, he is growing pretty fast! \ College is when the tear will start to flow. I love children.
My sister took my best friend to the movie instead of me, I was really sad.  \ That would make me sad too.  Was there any reason she took your friend and not you?
She was upset with me so to get back at me she did that. \ Lol, well thats rude! Hopefully you guys are better now!  Little grudges like that stink, I like to just put them behind me and move on.
i lost my sisters dog \ Oh no. I hope that's not the end of the story. Did you find it? 
no, looked everywhere \ That's sad, hopefully it finds its way home. 
I got bar-b-que from a place a few weeks ago and it literally tasted like the got it out of a dumpster.  \ oh no, who messes up bbq
I have no idea but it was the worst taste ever. It tasted rotten.  \ probably bad meat
Not too long ago, I took a trip on a plane. The airline lost my whole suitcase! \ Oh man! how long did it take to get your stuff back?
The whole vacation! I was so upset! I didn't have anything to wear for the duration. \ Oh wow, that can sure put a damper on things.
Someone knocked on my door the other day. I peaked around the corner so they could not see me.  \ Oh boy, was it someone you didn't want to talk to?
 I don't know anyone and was alone so I wasn't sure if I should answer the door. Things are getting pretty scary in the world. \ You can never be too careful! I've heard too many things in the news. Who did it end up being?
I have been approved for law school after a long arduous process. \ That is outstanding!  I bet you are excited!
I am.  It took several weeks to get everything together for the application but I am ready to start school now. \ That is great news and a lot to be proud of!
I feel very happy when my children are happ \ That is the greatest feeling in the world, to see them smiling.
It really is.  DO you have children? \ I do.  A child's laugh takes away all of life's stress.
i walked in there and strutted my stuff like a peacock \ haha good for you!  Where were you?
job interview \ I hope you get the job!
When I was 17, I held a neighbor's baby and she puked alllll over me. \ my dear thats gross
Yeah, it wouldn't really phase me now but at the time it was a crisis haha \ oh i bet
it's annoying isn't it? You're expecting a check or something else to be delivered to you based on what you were told and yet it looks like that schedule won't be adhered to. That's where I was a few weeks ago. \ Yes that is annoying! How long did you have to wait?
the darned thing arrived while i was out of town.  \ Wow, thats no fun at all. I guess you could look at it as money saved.
glass half full. i like it! \ Thanks! LOL
Had my daughter over a couple weekends ago. She had brought a scrapbook she put together herself of us. \ very cool! how old is she?
She is 19. I thought that was so nice of her. We had a nice time looking through the pics and talking about the good ole days. \ that's incredibly thoughtful! 
i love having my kitty friends i make them dinner everyday \ Is it a stray or a pet?
both i go around my community and take every kitty i see and make them dinner \ Well that's nice of you. Ive always been a dog person myself.
We usually don't do anything big for birthdays but my wife got me an apple watch this year. \ oh wow thats fancy
Yeah i really did not see it coming at all. \ i bet a shocker indeed i like apples
im excited about the holidays, i love christmas \ Oh me too. Have you been saving up for a good one this year?
yes, my family is gonna have a good christmas this year. \ Very cool. I'm looking forward to thanksgiving too. love turkey dinner.
i love turkey dinner too and family \ Yes family is my favorite part.
and hot cocoa \ ooh! I forgot about hot cocoa!
I was happy my mom gave me her old car but then I wasn't as much later down the road \ what changed your mind about the car
My mom gave me her old car but I didn't realize the trunk leaked. I had put my dads army memorabilia in the trunk to return it to him and it rained. almost ruined everything \ oh, i can see why now youve had a change of heart about the car. thats awful
I felt so bad. He was quite upset about it. \ i would have been horrified
My boss and I went to lunch and had a personal conversation about some life issues.  \ Nice! What did you guys get to eat?
We just went to a local taco place. It was a good conversation. \ That's good that it was a profitable  conversation! Do you guys talk often?
I attended a Tony Bennett concert in April. It was amazing! \ Ah that is cool. Good to get it while he is still performing.
Yes, he is 92! He still sounds great though. Have you heard his music before? \ For sure. Not an avid listener, but definitely heard some of his stuff.
So I was walking my dogs today and I tripped over Boomer's feet! As if that wasn't bad enough I was in front of the school and everyone saw me fall that was dropping off their kids \ Oh no! Did anyone come over to help or did you try to get out of there asap?
LOL you know I was up and gone in a flash. I wanted to melt into the concrete lol \ One thing I've learned is that it might be embarrassing for a couple minutes but most of the time, an hour later, nobody will remember what happened.
I'm going to a beer dabbler this weekend.  It has been very busy the last couple weeks so I'm really looking forward to drinking and relaxing this weekend. \ That will be fun. What a great way to relax and unwind
I think so.  I'm hoping the weather will be nice and we can all have a great time! \ I saw the weather forecast. We only have a 20% chance of rain so you know how it is here. We'll be good.
Don't you just love buying brand new sheets? \ I do love new sheets. The higher the thread count the bette,
Yeah me too. yesterday I made the bed with new sheets and comforter. Last night I was pretty tired and decided to try out the new bed and watch my shows. Omg, those sheets were so comfortable I fell asleep in the middle of my show \ What thread count did you go with?
1800 \ dang. Good job.
I came back from a trip recently, got called in the boss's office and was given a decent sized raise. \ Ooh, very nice suprize!
Absolutely. I certainly won't say no to that. \ Keep up the good work, whatever your doing.
Budget is kind of tight lately and I am really afraid my wife's aging car is about to bite the dust. \ Oh dear. I am so sorry to hear. It is possible for you to get a second job?
I may have to if that happens. We are making it now, but if the car goes it will be pretty tough. \ i can just imagine. I wish There was something that I could do to help.
It is ok. We are probably too proud to take help anyway. We will make it. \ I pray and hope that something works out and that the good old faithful car will not bite the dust.
I took my final exams and I am awaiting the results. I pray that I will pass with a good grade. \ Whew, always a rough time. How do you think you did?
I think I did pretty well but still a bit worried. \ For sure. Were they hard?
I applied for a job once that I really wanted. I can remember nervously waiting for a call back.  \ Did you end up getting that job?
Yes, they called me back like a week later.  \ Oh awesome. I would have been nervous to if it was something I really wanted. glad you got the job.
Don't you hate it when you swimming with someone who's got a big bugger hanging out of their nose? \ Yes that's the worst. And I laughed when I read that. 
once in my early twenties I remember going to a party and everyone was in the pool. I got in the pool and splashed around and didn't realize I had a huge green bugger coming out of my nose. A really cute guy pointed that out for me \ That had to be traumatic. 
So I recently went through some old boxes and found some of my childhood dolls. It brought back a lot of memories! \ That is always a fun thing to do! I hope the memories were all good!
Absolutely! I remember having so much fun with them dressing them up. My sister and I would play for hours. \ That's awesome! Did you show them to your sister after you found them?
A few years ago, when I was first out on my own, my car got broken into. \ Oh no! That's awful, was anything valuable stolen?
Yes, unfortunately. I had just gotten some big speakers installed, and those were taken. Also, two cases of c.d.s were gone. \ I'm so sorry! I would be so upset. Did you file a report with the police?
They are calling for bad weather here over the next few days so I went to the store to stock up on the essentials in case the power goes out. \ I would be scared of that
How come? As long as you're ready for it, everything turns out okay. \ I am not sure I am ever prepared
I felt bad when I missed my cousins wedding. I had no excuse and I still feel bad \ So why didn't you end up going?
I lived another state away and did not want to drive \ It happens to everyone, you'll feel better about it soon
So, i may be in the market for a new laptop or a repair at least, thanks to a little mishap. \ Oh no! What happened to your laptop? if you get a new one which one are you looking at?
My daughter tripped on the cord and it smashed on the ground, not sure if it can be saved. I was pretty angry. \ Ouch, What a pain that is! I can imagine, i would be the exact same in that situation.
I left my wallet on the train last week, i was so relieved once i had found out it was returned back in. \ Close call! i would be pretty upset to lose my wallet. 
I was at the time! It had a ton of cash and cards in too. \ wow, lucky it got turned in with cash in it. Be more careful in the future! hah
I went to the DMV for my drivers license. It was my first time going there. \ Exciting! Were you nervous going in?  Did you take your test?
I was very nervous. Yes I took the test and I passed it. \ Congrats!  That had to feel good!  Hopefully you're happy zipping around the roads now (and safe too)!
I'm trying to transition my dog into not sleeping in my room.  I know he wants to be by me and I can hear him whining and scratching at the door some nights \ That must be hard to do, he wants to be beside you. He is going to miss you.
I know.  It's tough to hear but he needs to be a little more independent and sleep in his own bed too! \ Yes he needs to so you would have to ignore him at nights.
I woke up the other morning, got ready and drove all the way to work. Just to find out it was a holiday and we had the day off. \ Oh man that sucks. I'm so sorry because you could have slept in lol
I know, but the extra day of work was nice. Especially since I wasn't expecting it. \ See there's always a bright side. You got a surprise day off from work!!!
It was wonderful. I ended up being twice as productive since I got up early. \ That's awesome. Days off are the best!!
I have this huge presentation at work tomorrow and if the investors like my idea I can land 3 big accounts for my company. \ That is very exciting, I bet you are nervous for your presentation. A lot is riding on it.
Yes, I am so nervous. I have no idea what to wear and I'm scared I won't sleep tonight at all. \ It is normal to feel nervous when working on something so important. I try to remember that it will soon be over. That helps me sleep. 
it's monsoon season here where i live and I can hear the thunder rumbling, I hope we don't get flooded. I'm pretty scared. \ That is scary! Have you been watching the weather?
yeah we have rain all week i'm not okay with that \ Rain can be such a damper. Make sure to be safe and carry around an umbrella if you go anywhere!
My new job is starting tomorrow. I'm feeling nervous, but really optimistic about it. \ hey that's cool it's a new opportunity, what are you gonna do?
It's a job they opened up for graphic design! I'm super excited to get started and learn more from them. \ hey that's really good I'm proud of you!!!!
I recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. I used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully I can build it back up. \ I'm sure if you can let people know that you're back blogging, they'd come back to see what you're up to now!  What do you blog about?
Old school tabletop RPG's. The blogging scene is still fairly active so getting back involved with the network should be easy.  \ That sounds amazing!  I haven't played tabletops in forever.  The last one I played was called "Car Wars" and it was at a New Year's party.  It was loads of fun!
Going to my son's first pee-wee football game tomorrow! \ That sounds like fun! My son does basketball. I bet he looks tough in his helmet and football gear. 
He thinks he does.  All I can think of is a bunch of Tiny Titans in helmets running around like chicks in a barnyard.  *chuckle* \ Ha! They'
I parked my car at the Walmart parking lot and someone used a car to hit my car. \ that is terrible, i hope you were not hurt
I was not hurt but my car got a scratch and a few dents. \ too bad about your car but the main thing is that you were not injured.
i do love my pet doggy, she is a treat to have \ That is so sweet. What is her name?
Angie, i like to give her a warm bath, dress her in her doggy clothes and give her a doggy treat \ I can just imagine she sleeps in your bed sometimes. I love dogs, I would like to have a dog someday.
My husband might get transferred to a new position and that means we might get to move closer to family. \ that is nice, family is fun to be around
so true, I miss them. I'm really thinking he'll get it. \ i hope he gets it
i once got lost in a big city with no cell battery, scary \ Oh wow, I bet you were very scared. Guessing you found your way ok?
yes, found and trusted some nice people to lead me to my hotel \ That's awesome! I bet you were glad those people came along.
We just got a new puppy.  My older dog knew to let that one out first when I got home from work. \ That is very cute, the little one probably couldn't hold its bladder as long. 
Definitely not.  I was surprised that he knew to let the little one go first! \ That was very smart of him, maybe he remembers back to his puppy days.
I put in a job application for a new job. I am fairly certain that my credentials are enough to get me the job. \ Thats awesome!  Have you been scheduled for an interview yet?
I was, I go in next Tuesday. I am pretty excited for them to give me the job. \ I would be too!  I hope everything goes well with it!
I'm working on a new Dungeons & Dragons campaign for my players and have been busy in my spare time getting everything ready. \ Sounds like fun. When will you play?
I usually run games on Sunday's but it'll be another month or so before we start.  \ Sounds like you will be well prepared.
I got a call about job with a good company that is in my line of work. \ That's excellent! Is it a done deal yet?
No, but I have the necessary experience, and I'm optimistic that it will work out. \ Cool! Good luck and think positive. 
Goodness, I was working the concession stand at Emma's ball game. I bent over to grab a box of crackers and split my pants open!!! \ Oh my gosh!!! That's pretty funny. Did anyone see what happened?
Well of course, there was a whole line of fans getting snacks.. I grabbed a coat and tied it around my waist. \ Thankfully you had a sweater, but geez how embarrassing. 
When I go to a bar with my girlfriends and a guy offers to buy me a drink, I always decline because I have a boyfriend. I wouldn't want to lead anyone on and have them spend money on me! \ Girl, take that drink and don't be ashamed. At least you wouldn't have to pay for the drink!
True lol but I feel sooo guilty and I don't want anyone to have expectations that I am definitely not going to meet \ That's when you say politely, I'll take the drink but not your number. Nothing to feel guilty about since you would be using your manners. 
I recently started learning to propagate my tomato plants by planting clipped off branches.  \ Sounds cool.
Yea, i put them in a glass of water for a week or two and they grow their own roots, wasn't expecting much. \ Do you cook a lot with tomatoes
I do yes! and since the method i used is working, i have tons of tomatoes! \ Good for you!
MY sister got fired recently. I was happy \ Wow, that can be stressful, Why were you happy?
She really hated the job. Now she can find something better. \ Maybe she should have just quit! but i hope the best for her in the future.
I hope she finishes school. \ indeed, the future could be bright for her.
So my kid starts preschool in a week. \ That is really exciting, I bet it will be hard to let them go.
I will probably cry then celebrate. I'm excited but a little sad at once.  \ It is so exciting to watch them grow up, I am sure it will be an emotional moment. But it will be a good one.
I went to the petstore with my dog and he had an accident in front of everyone. He had the saddest look on his face. \ Oh no. Poor baby must've been embarrassed. Did he cheer up?
He did, the clerk walked over, told him it was ok and gave him a treat. \ That was really sweet of them. Glad he got a treat to cheer him up.
A few days ago, I was looking through a bunch of old photo albums. \ Were you looking for something in particular or just for fun?
Just for fun. It brought back a lot of good memories! \ I bet it did! Were they photos of family or friends or all of the above?
I used to have my dog in his crate when I left for work.  Lately I have been letting him out more and more in the house when I've been gone. \ That's good. How is it going?
It's going well!  So far no accidents and he doesnt appear to have ruined anything. \ That's great news! It sounds like he is enjoying his new freedom, and was ready for it. 
Last year our football team managed to win the league despite being underdogs the entire season! \ That is awesome! Congratulations. I can just imagine how excited you were.
We were elated, it was such a proud moment for us all as we worked so hard throughout the season. \ You made your coach proud and your family.
I remember the day that I met my husband. A friend introduced him and he was very shy. \ How many years ago was it? What happened?
That was four years ago, he is still shy but he is a wonderful husband. \ Four years is such a long time! Its always the quiet ones you have to look out for haha.
Yes, that is so true \ I wish you both all the best in the future.
I had a video job interview. That was a new experience. \ I've done one of those before. They are pretty cool. Do you think you will get the job?
I'm not sure. It was a little awkward and stressful. \ I'm sorry to hear that. I'll pray for you if that's okay and  then maybe you will get it, but if not, maybe something even better will come along.
Sure, that's ok. And thank you. \ Great. And you're very welcome. I enjoy praying for other people.
I've been diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis and the pain is horrible. The problem is that the medicine that my doctor wants me to take has side effects worse that the pain. \ Sorry to hear that. There are no alternatives? 
Maybe, I haven't been back because I can't afford to go right now. I've just been dealing with the pain. \ I can relate. I don't have healthcare at the moment.
I work 24 hour shifts and have been working so much lately. I have two beach trips coming up in September and I can't wait! \ You must be really looking forward to that. Sounds exciting!
I am! Finally some time to relax \ Oh yes enjoy the beautiful beaches and feel the sand between your toes,.
I am really looking forward to Christmas, I would like to get lots of presents. \ Christmas is so much fun! Are you asking for anything in particular?
I would like to get a car, I don't know if anyone would be willing to give me such a gift. \ Oh wow! That's a big gift! I hope you receive it
