11, he wants to see us for more then 2 weeks a year. \ That's good. Gotta build and maintain those family bonds. I should be doing the same once my nephew gets older.
I have big fear of dogs. I can't explain why \ Did you get attacked by a big dog when you were little?
No but my brother was attacked when he was little. \ Maybe it was because you saw your brother get attacked by one and you are scared it might happen to you.
I took leftover money from the self-checkout lane at the grocery store. I felt bad afterwards. \ Did you try to go to the grocery store to give it back?
No, I feel like that would be incriminating myself. Not sure what to do. \ I understand.
I was sad when my aunt died. It came out of no where \ Sorry to hear that. How did she pass?
She had a heart attack \ Man, very sorry to hear that. First your mom, now your aunt. Sounds like you have very unfortunate relatives.
Today was a nice sunny day. I went to the park to read a book. \ I do love to read as well
It really strengthens the mind! It felt so refreshing reading beneath the trees in the sunshine. \ That sounds so nice
I was not expecting to win. When I scratched the last bubble in the lottery ticket, I realized I won 20 bucks!!! \ Holy moly! Sounds like you are eating well tonight!
Haha, but the bad thing is I bought 20 dollar worth of tickets again and lost it all. \ Well, I'm sure you can find a recipe online that uses spent lottery tickets.
Yesterday I got into a scrap with a homeless man over a half eaten sandwich. \ Are you homeless?
No, but I was terribly hungry, since I didn't go grocery shopping. I felt so bad. \ Lol, I bet that a good looking sandwich then.
My brother applied for an Ivy League school this year, and we just found out he was accepted! \ Nice, I am glad to hear about that 
Yeah, it was vey exciting news, I'm so proud of him. \ How old is he?
I am trying to sell my house for 89k dollars, I have been in a bad financial situation, my nephew knows it, and now he is trying to buy my house just for 75k, trying to take advance of my situation \ Wow, that's terrible. Why would he do that to you?
I have no idea, I guess his husband is evil  \ I'm sorry you're having to go through that, I hope you're able to sell the home for a better price.
me too, and do you know what makes me mad?  When I had a good job, I helped them a lot, and now they are trying to do this to me \ That's just terrible. Some people really are ungrateful.
I know, right? My own nephew trying to do this with me \ Well, hopefully he'll learn to be a better person someday, or eventually his actions will come back to haunt him.
I need a tooth pulled and I am scared to go to the dentist. SCARED!@#!@ \ Oh, you will probably be just fine don't worry about it too much.
I can't stop thinking about it.  I am terrified! \ Dentist aren't people focused on trying to hurt you.
So i do some silly things at time and i feel bad at times. I went to a buffet by myself. \ Ut oh.. What did you eat?
I ate so much food and i was like a pig but i feel it was worth it. The weight gain though wasn't. \ Don't worry... you only live once!
I always get nervous when I drive. The possibility of getting into a car accident is nerve wrecking. \ I hate driving, I avoid it as much as possible. 
I think it has to do with seeing a lot of car accidents when I was little. \ Mine was from being in one and just being nervous about having to be in charge of things.
I lost something of my mother in laws the other day, I feel so bad. \ That sucks. Can you make it up to her somehow?
I'll have to buy her another piece of tupperwear, it seems silly but it's expensive stuff! \ At least those things come in sets, so you can keep part of it?
I thanks God for my wife. \ Thats good to hear. Why do you thank god for her?
Because of the person she is. \ Well thats nice. I thank god for my wife as well
I was waiting to see if i was going to receive an award \ It is a work award or something?
Its an award due to achieving my work I have worked hard for \ I am sure you are going to get it.
I haven't had a date in 4 years now. My last date was in high school, I'm so alone... \ Well there are always bigger fish in the sea trust me.
Thank you, maybe I need to learn to love myself first \ That is also very important to learn.
When my grandmother died i kind of lost it a little. shut myself into my room for a while. \ That sucks, do you feel better now?
I do, But i never thought i would shut myself out that much. \ Yeah, isolation can happen when you get super sad. At least you are feeling better now
I didn't have high expectations for this new restaurant in town but my friend and I had dinner there last week and it was better than I thought it would be! \ That's always a positive in my book, what kind of food was it?  What were your reservations about the restaurant before going?
It was seafood and no, they weren't. Usually the restaurants in that particular building don't last long  at all. \ Is it in a bad part of town or is the building just bad luck or run down?
My coworkers sometimes put more work on me than necessary. \ Why do you think they do that?
They don't want to talk on the phone and can get away with it for a while. \ That's not fair and probably very frustrating for you. You need to say something to them.
My coworker told my boss that I came in to work 15 minutes late this morning. I couldn't believe he did that to me! \ I am sorry, that sounds bad
Yeah, I could't understand why he would throw me under the bus like that.   \ Maybe it wont happen again
My zipper was down at work all day. I will not live that down \ Oh my gosh!  That must have been so embarrassing!
It was, I am still sad about it \ Don't worry.  I'm sure you will never make that mistake again!
My best friend was sending her daughter on a plane to stay with me for a couple weeks. She told me she couldn't come along because the tickets were too expensive. \ Aw, that sucks because money was the issue. Maybe she can take a bus or something?
Actually, when I went to the airport to pickup her daughter, they both walked out of the gate together! She found a way to get the ticket after all. \ Yay! I love happy endings
I think I saw someone die today, I was so frightened. \ Oh how scary! What happened?
I was driving and saw a big accident on the side of the road. As I drove by, I think I saw a dead person... \ I am so sorry you had to see that. That is so bad. Did you have to call it in?
My wife up and left me last year \ Ouch! that stinks man why she do it?
No one knows and she will not tell me. \ That is even worse, Like why would someone just do that when commited to someone.
So i wanted a party when i was little for my 7th birthday i think. \ Parties are some times very loud.
Yeah but this one wasn't planned with me involved heck i didn't know it was happening til i opened my front door. \ If my friends did that I would have a heart attack.
I was let down by the movie. I was expecting much more. \ What movie are you referring too?
The new tomb raider movie, it was so bad... \ Oh! Well i haven't seen that yet. was the action at least somewhat decent?
You know when you start something and you don't really see results til years later. \ Yeah I hate waiting for the results of a long term goal
Well i played soccer for 8 years and now just finally scored a goal. \ Damn, you suck at soccer. Just kidding, good job!! lol
I felt bad when I lied to my dad. I just felt bad about getting in trouble \ Oh no.. what happened?  Are you ok?
I got in trouble and was afraid to tell him \ What did you lie to him about?
I am so mad.  My dog won't stop barking. \ I am sorry, he will stop eventually
I mean its making me insane.  He barks at every little noise. \ He will get better
My brother graduated high school, I was very proud of him! \ I know that feel, my brother graduated a year ago, it's a really big milestone.
It is, somewhat common, but still, I am proud of him all the same! \ Yes I agree, it really signifies the start of their next chapter in life.
I finished all my finals a couple of months ago for my sophomore year of college. \ That must have been a burden lifted for sure!
It really was, I was scared I would fail but I ended up passing all my classes and even doing well in most of them, I was over joyed. \ That must have been a burden lifted for sure!
My boyfriend is making me so mad right now.  He is on like beer 15 \ Wow, why does he need to drink so much?
I dont know.  He is so dumb when he drinks. \ I'm sorry, I've dealt with something like that before and it can be very anger inducing.
I lied to my friend about hanging out with someone she really hates, I feel bad about it. \ Did you do anything wrong?
No, but this person spread a nasty rumour about my friend. \ Oh.. thats horrible.  I am so sorry.
I hate being alone at my house, it's not fulfilling at all. \ Myself as well, friends are what make life better.
I usually like being by myself but it's taking a toll on my social life now \ Alone time is important but you will go crazy if you are always alone.
Last year, late at night someone stole my phone. \ Was it a smartphone? Maybe you can track it ?
It was my flip phone, it was the only one that I had. \ Aw, that sucks. Did you get a new phone?
I had the worst night last night. I found out my uncle hit my cat with his car. It happened two weeks ago and he never told me!  \ He is a terrible person! Did he even know it was your cat? What took so long...
I don't know. I couldn't stop crying. It was just awful \ I hope you feel better
Seeing expensive cars on the road is always inspiring. I am usually in awe because I know it takes hard work to get those! \ What kind of cars do you like the best?
I like big SUVs like Range Rovers and Jeeps \ Range Rovers are my favorite too. If you work hard you can get one!
I miss my aunt. I wish she was still here \ When did she pass away?
It was 10 years ago \ Well have you been living a happy life? She would probably be happy about that.
So i am really happy now that i have a new girlfriend. \ I am sure she is happy too
It's not easy finding someone with the same interest as you. \ It can be hard, but its possible
Those dang neighborhood kids keep egging my car! \ Do you have cameras?
I don't but it sucks cleaning my car off! It's gross and smells awful! \ I know right? It's even more worse when it's hot outside and it cooks to your car so it's harder to clean up
I get very depressed seeing roadkill when driving. Such a sad way to go. \ Have you seen any recently? It is really sad, what gets me the most is hearing about black bears being hit.
Yes, I saw one this morning. It was rotting and crows were feeding on it, so sad... \ Poor thing, it's not fair! Drivers need to watch out!
I parked my car and got out. I forgot to put it to park mode so when I got out it was moving on its own for a little bit. I was so ashamed. \ Well hopefully the car didn't get damaged.
No, it was undamaged. But my ego definitely was because I was so ashamed when others laughed! \ Well i would just be happy nothing too bad happened at least.
So i got lost outside of my house in the woods one night. \ That's frightening. Was it dark outsside?
Yeah it was like super dark because we live in the woods. \ That's even worse. I hate being lost in general
My brother, dumped out all of my cards on the floor. \ Oh man that stinks. What did you do in response?
i cried for a few days afterwards \ Did he ever apologize?
When I turned 30, my husband planned a huge surprise party at the beach.  It was amazing! \ I've never had a party like that myself.
I'm sure you will one day! \ No one really likes me enough to do that for me.
I am so happy with myself. Keep remembering 8 years of that journey. \ What journey?  Do tell.
Well my journey through the college education system i should of mentioned. But it was a long time of stress and fun atleast. \ Oh Congratulations...  That is a huge accomplishment!
I feel so bad for my husband.  He is getting a lung transplant. \ oof, that is a long healing process after the surgery.
I know.. we have to move to where the hospital is for three months while he recovers... \ That is tough i bet. I hope he heals well.
My father dropped in unexpectedly, I hadn't seen him in 3 years! \ That's awesome! Did you guys do anything?
We went to my favorite cafe! \ Nice! I hope you guys did a lot of catching up!
I loaned some money to my friend at work. Turns out he quit a couple days ago and I won't be getting my money back as I have no way of contacting him.. \ Wow! What a jerk for him to up and leave with no way to contact him. Was it a lot of money?
It was a medium amount of money but still, he did me so dirty. \ I'm so sorry, you should see if you can find him on social media!
THe worst thing happened the other day. I went grovery shopping and I thought I was being followed. It scared me so bad! \ Who was following you?!
This big scary guy \ What did he look like? I would call the cops if they are stalking you.
So i found my old Nintendo 64! \ Oh man! Does it still work??
Yeah it does! I am so happy it does but one game wasn't working sadly. \ I would have sat there playing for hours.
Havent had any rain lately in my area. I hope we do soon, I live near a mountain and we have bad fires when it is dry. \ That's a shame, since rain is really nice to watch and hear even disregarding the dryness over there.
Yes, It has its drawbacks too, like making the grass grow, lol \ Very true, well hopefully you get some anyway! 
It really irritates me when my friend acts superior to everyone in the room, since he seems to think he is the best looking and strongest guy ever when really he's not at all. \ That's usually a sign of a lack of confidence or self esteem  in ones self I believe. 
That wouldn't surprise me. He has always been a bit insecure. \ I hope you he changes some so you can still be friends. 
I am so scared. I just heard a really crazy sounding animal coming from my lake out back of my house. \ Oh snap! dude get your camera you might have found nessy.
Im in Florida.. it could be ANYTHING lol. \ Probably could be a new species of gator.
So i love feeling great when i walk into exams because i actually studied. \ I know how that goes.  It can be hard to stay on track at the end of the semester.
But i do love the fact i destroyed that test like a boss. \ Congratulations!  Studying really pays off!
I took out the trash this morning. The trash bag ripped open and made a mess, I didn't clean it up. I felt so bad. \ Jeeze, I thought that only happened to me. Doesn't it just suck? I don't blame you for not picking it up, I can imagine how gross it must've been
Yeah I felt so bad for the trashman who will have to clean it up \ It's okay, most people would do that and not even care, so the fact that you even have the trashman in your mind shows that you're a good person.
You know, I find it difficult to respond to certain situations. Like when my friend's dog died, I just didn't know what to say to him. \ Yeah, been there done that. You want to comfort them but you don't know what to do/say
Yea, exactly. What's worse is that it really affected him, the dog was like a brother to him. Weeks turned into months and you could tell it was still eating away at him. I wish life could be easier. \ I hope he feels better and you could be there for him too!
I laughed at this lady who fell over in the grocery store today. I'm so disappointed in myself for doing that. \ Oh poor lady. I know how it is though. Sometimes our initial reaction is to laugh even when not appropriate.
That's true, maybe I shouldn't be so hard on myself. \ At least you recognize that it may not have been appropriate. 
After my grandma died, we had so much stuff of hers to sort through. \ I can imagine. Was she a hoarder of some type?
It was actually kind of fun going through her old photo albums. \ Did you see anything interesting?
I went to a new restaurant last weekend! The waiter really went above and beyond with their service! \ Did you tip him well for doing such a good job?
I absolutely did.  He deserved every penny of it for the great job he did. \ It is not often that you get good service at a restaurant.
Today was pretty stressful at work but now its time to unwind with some binge watching of Netflix. \ I enjoy doing that after a hard day at work as well.  I hope it relaxes you!
I just finished one series and about to start another....the mind and body are relaxed for sure now. \ Now I am in the mood for Netflix!  Enjoy the new series now that you are relaxed!
The other day, I was putting my groceries in my car and a friend that I hadn't seen in a while called my name. \ Did you punch him in the nose?
NO - LOL!! I introduced him to my daughter but called him by the wrong name!!!  Oh my goodness!!  He corrected me and I felt about 2 inches tall! \ This is why i got rid of all of my friends.
My sister graduated college last week. \ Ah - that's a big accomplishment!!!  Did you get her a great present?
No, I punched her right in the nose like we do here! It's a tradition. \ HAHA!  That is the best tradition I've ever heard of!
I am a little nervous. I am starting a new job on Friday \ Oh man, I know the nerves can be rough, but I'm sure you're excited as well. But yea, throwing yourself into a group of new people can be rough.
I know.  I was at the last place 5 years.  So its been awhile since I was the new person. \ Oh wow. Well, I really hope you enjoy the new job! I have a feeling you'll do just fine.
Man, don't you hate when you have a test coming up and you procrastinate studying? \ Yes.. I have a test coming up and I should be studying right now!  LOL
Hahaha, well, this is a pretty good use of your time as well though! But yea, it's so much easier when you study ahead of time. I don't know why I don't do it more often, lol. \ They say some of the smartest people are procrastinators.
So i was exploring some abandon buildings one day. \ Did you find anything interesting inside any of the buildings?
Nah but something i feel found me. Started hearing banging on the walls and crawling in the other rooms. \ Oh man, I would have freaked out! What did you do?
My son got chosen to be on a TV show about comedy! \ That is pretty great! what show is it?
It's called Right This Minute. It's a show about viral internet comedy. \ Haven't heard of it but since your son's going to be on it i will watch it.
My son came home on his 19th birthday and was really drunk. \ As someone who was once a 19 year old man, don't be too shocked.
It was really bad though. He kept trying to take off down the road walking. I was afraid he was going to go to jail. \ Yikes he's one of the zombie drunks.   That's unfortunate.  Drinking might not be for him.
I hope he learned his lesson. He doesn't remember anything from the night. \ Most do. I know a guy that kind of gets blackout drunk like that.  His brother does too.  Now neither of them drink hard liquor (well they haven't for ages now)
I had an old pocket knife returned to me that's ~15 years old. My cousin had it \ That's really cool. I know how much my husbands pocket knives mean to him.
It was pretty random. I saw it and it looked just like a pocket knife I used to have and lost.   I asked him where he got it. He said he found it in an old coat from ages ago and had no clue where it was from. \ That's really interesting. I know my husband is bad about leaving his laying around and forgetting where they are. When he finds them again it is such a surprise.
I had to get something checked out at the doctor recently, always makes me nervous. \ What was it?
It was something that looked like an infection on my foot, but it actually wasn't. \ So everything is okay then? That's good news!
My dog was my best friend, now he's gone and I feel isolated. \ Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you thinking about getting another one?
No, I couldn't do that. \ Oh I understand. They say time heals all wounds, I hope it does in your case as well.
Wow! Congrats on your new job! I can understand why you are apprehensive, but it sounds like a good opportunity. \ Why Thank you!
No problem! Everything will work out in the end. No need to worry. \ THanks for being so understanding!  I feel a little better now.
I am nervous.. I have to go to court for the first time. \ Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I have been to court before; it isn't as scary as it seems.
What if I say the wrong thing... Or trip and fall. \ That won't happen. Even if it does, the judge may have a good laugh and cut you some slack.
I have always been faithful to my girlfriend, I am proud of that in a way \ that's wonderful! i've never cheated on my husband either
That is good and sadly rare these days \ it is :( i don't know how is it possible to cheat on someone you love
i really want to lose weight. i know i can do it \ I am sure you can, it just takes dedication and effort is all!
yes, and i'm very motivated \ Then you should have no problems at all!
I miss my gradma so much \ I am guessing she is not with us anymore?
Yes, she dies 10 months ago and I still have not recover form that loss \ I know the feeling i had my grandmother gone for 5 years now still miss her.
So when i was a teenage my father took my game console away. \ Did he tell you the reason?
My grades but i ended up going into his room and taking it back. I bought that myself with my own money. \ If you live under his roof then you should obey him.
I hate having to wake up early for appointments. My biggest fear is that I will oversleep and miss it \ I understand, I have trouble waking up early too.
I wish I was an early riser but it's not for me. \ Me too, I just have to set a bunch of alarms and try my best.
I had to get my foot checked out at the doctor, always makes me scared going there. \ Were you worried it could be something very serious?
Yes, turns out it wasn't anything major though. \ That's good to hear. I'm sure you feel very relieved now.
So dude i was at my parents the other day and found something really old of mine. \ What was that?
My old baby box with all the old childish stuff i owned. \ A bunch of toys and stuff?
I got contacted about a new job this afternoon \ That is pretty good news! What kind of job is it for?
Another IT job.   The real question is, is the money there. \ Everyone needs a IT guy though so probably.
I just can't understand how some people can be so nasty. I go a little overboard washing my hands, but I know some people who don't wash theirs at all! \ I see people walk out of the bathroom all the time without washing their hands. So gross.
Gah, that's terrible. The worse I know is my cousin. One time that dude had a toe infection, he was rubbing his toe with his fingers, and all of a sudden he sticks his fingers DEEP into his mouth, I don't know why, and then he proceeds to open the fridge with the same hand. How do you NOT wash them in that situation!? \ That is really disgusting. I don't think I would ever eat at his house. 
You're telling me. I get real anxious about germs when I'm around him, lol. \ Yeah, no doubt!
I moved to tornado alley a few years ago. I'm not used to large tornadoes so I was pretty scared when it started storming. \ Oh man, I can't even imagine. I lived in Kansas for a while and we had a storm that did a lot of damage. Took out the power all day and stuff. Nature can be so devastating sometimes.
We aren't too far south of Kansas in Oklahoma. We have had to spend a few evenings in the storm shelter. I guess stuff can be replaced.  \ Jeeeze, yea, it's totally understandable to be afraid. Has it been good there otherwise?
I love it here, except for the tornadoes and snakes.  \ It's awesome to hear that! I guess no place can ever be perfect though. Here's hoping we both can live long, happy, and fulfilling lives!
I failed my English exam today miserably.  The worst in class. \ I'm sure you aren't the worst in the class, don't say that!
My grade sure did reflect it. \ There's always next time, you just need to study harder!
I guarantee you have never heard a thing more vile. My best friend's husband cheated on her with his sister in law! \ That is awful. I hope she has friends and family she can lean on during this tough time.
She does but I imagine it's going to be very hard for her. \ I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.  I feel so bad for her.
Someone hit my car while it was parked the other day. He even parked next to my car. \ That's unlucky, did you ever exchange information?
The guy tried to ignore me as he got into his car. Called the cops and they forced him too., \ Well I hope it all works out in the end somehow.
I was shopping for groceries the other day and saw someone in a dog costume, pretty unexpected. \ What kind of dog was the costume or did it look weird?
I think it was supposed to be a golden retriever, but it looked weird. \ Well were they trying to sell something maybe?
My aunt can juggle 6 items \ That is so cool.  What kinda stuff does she juggle?
Mostly jobs and children. \ hahaha funny.
I was so embarrassed.  I farted while I was out on a date. \ Oh, lord. Did the other person die?
No they lived.  We both did.  I just pretended nothing happened. \ Man, i would have left and walked out right away.
My son always thinks of me when I need it the most. He's super intuitive. \ That has to make you feel so good deep inside.
It does, he had no idea I was running short on money but he stopped by my house with dinner! \ Wow, that is thoughtful.  Thoughtfulness will help him go a long way in life.
I learned today that my friends wife had an affair with his brother.  I'm beyond flabbergasted. \ Wow! How can someone do that to someone with someone so close?
I don't know.  I thought I knew who she was, obviously I don't. \ That's such a shame. And shame on his brother, too!
So i was watching a movie with our other friend the other night.  \ What did you watch/?
Finding Nemo but it was more what happened during the movie. Heard this loud bang sound. It spooked us good. \ So what was it?  You are making me scared.
I am so scared! LOL.  I think I just heard a ghost coming from the other room here. \ Oh man that is pretty scary.
I kid you not.  My one dog keeps barking at nothing but acting like he can see something. \ You should probably see a priest then.
I purchased a new router and it was DOA when it got to me today :( \ I hate when that happens.  Makes you want to leave things for the mailman.
The package wasn't too beat up \ I hope they can take it back for you.
I am jealous of my best friend.  She just had a baby. \ Are you baby crazy?  Let me guess.. 30-ish?
No.. actually I am older.  Too old to have a baby :( \ That sucks. Missed opportunity or biological problems?
I was chased by a pitbull as a child, I was so scared for years afterwards \ that is so scary! you didn't get hurt, right?
I was a fast kid so I got away, but I had heard how hard they bite \ i'm so glad you did'nt get hurt
I'm so scared of bugs! i found one in my hair yesterday and almost died \ ok
Guess what I get to do tomorrow!!! \ Whatever it is, you seem excited. What is it?
I'm going on vacation! I haven't been on one in years! \ Vacations are sooooo nice!!!  I hope you have an amazing one@!
We were stuck in traffic for over an hour due to a wreck the other day. \ That's really annoying for you but I hope everyone involved is okay.
Yes, it wasn't a bad wreck.  But this buffoon thought he was more important than anyone else, and flew up beside us in the emergency lane.! \ I cannot stand people who do that! Don't they know they could be blocking someone from getting the medical attention they need?
Everyone has already left the office. It's oddly quiet. \ Why are you there all alone?
I have to wait for something to come in. Not sure how long it's gonna be. \ I hope you aren't too lonely!
I cannot believe that my own son would steal from me!!!! \ Oh no. Why did he steal?
I have no idea but I thought I raised him better than this! $600 gone! \ Sometimes they have a reason, and it doesn't make him a bad person depending on the reason.
After a long day at work, I was surprised to find my daughter had cooked the family dinner.  \ That was so nice of her. I'm sure that you really appreciated her for doing that.
It was very delicious and even more appreciated that's for sure. \ Maybe you have a budding chef on your hands.
I was watching old videos of my nieces and nephew when they were little. It really took me back.". \ A bit of nostalgia, huh?  It is always wonderful to look back on old family memories.
That is so true. It can really take you right back to the moment. \ The times we share with family should always be cherished.
I guess I'm not as liked as I thought I am. \ Oh no, what happened if you don't mind me asking.
No one rsvped to my birthday party, I'm pretty bummed. \ Oh man, that sucks. You can enjoy the day on your own! Forget them then.
My daughter told me I should be expecting a shipment soon. I don't know what it could be! \ Oh, I love surprises like that! How exciting!
Yea. She won't tell me what it is. I hope she didn't spend too much money though. \ I hope not either but it's sweet!
The new addition to our family was just born this weekend. \ You must be thrilled. What did you have?
It's a girl! I'm so excited but also kind of scared of parenting! \ Is this your first?
When my girls were younger and playing softball sometimes I couldn't make it to all of their games. \ Oh no, I know that must make you feel bad, but you can't always be there.
Yeah it was hard to have to miss some. Luckily though I did have family that went so they weren't unwatched. \ That's good. How many girls do you have?
I was hoping to join my family for dinner but seems like I'm stuck at work \ That sucks.  Maybe they can wait just a bit longer for you?
No, I wouldn't want them to. It's 8pm now. I just wish work was more considerate of my time. \ We always need to make time for our families.  They are the most important thing in this world.
I just finished the first season of Mind hunter on Netflix. I almost wet my pants. \ Wow. Must be a really good show. What's it about?
Serial Killer and FBI profiling. Its intense. \ I love thrillers. I watched Killing Eve.
I was supposed to be off work 3 hours ago. I'm still here \ Are you working while you are at work?
hahaha yea. Might as well do something instead of sitting around waiting on this shipment. \ Smart man smart man.
I feel so guilty.  I cheated on my husband. \ Oh no, what happened to cause the cheating?
I just lost control.  I feel horrible for doing it.  But it just had to be done. \ Have you guys talked about it? Or is he still upset?
My children have started a new year at school. \ How many do you have? Are they excited?
There are two girls, they are ready to go, I'm the one that's nervous. \ What is making you so nervous?
I told my kids that there were no sweets when there were \ had they been eating too many?
No. I just wanted it for myself.  \ oh, that's a cute one.
Before I was dating to my wife she was going to a conference without me and I was afraid she was going to fall for someone else.  Needless to say I went to the conference. \ What will you do if you can't be with your wife all the time?
I'm fine now I completely trust her since we're married, but she was going a church singles conference without me. \ Oh that makes a lot of sense now then.
I forgot to bring my towel and had to run naked out of the common shower area to the locker rooms. \ Ohhh no!  There was no one there to offer you a towel?
Nope. Unfortunately, I was the last one out. \ Was it crowded?
I remember waiting for the Nintendo Switch to come out, I was so excited \ I was also excited. In fact, I have one right now!
Awesome, I have Zelda, Mario, Splatoon, Fortnite and tons of other games! \ Those are great titles. I am a big Nintendo fan. I can't wait for the new Metroid Prime.
Me neither, too bad it is far away, but we still get smash and Pokemon this year! \ That should be fun. Pokemon is a great franchise. I have many of the handheld games.
I recently spoke with my ex-girlfriend on the phone. The conversation went pretty well, and it reminded me of my past experiences with her. \ Did things end amicably? I hope everything is good now!
Yes, they ended somewhat well, but there were tense moments. I am glad she's doing well, but I miss her. \ I understand that, I hope things work out well for you both in the end!
I can't believe I spent 2 hours in the car just to arrive to surf and no waves to be seen.  \ That must be so disappointing. Is there something else you can do to have fun?
Kiteboard but I left half the gear at home. The surf report said 10 foot waves and it's flat water. Not cool bro, not cool \ Sounds like you really like the water. So what do you do now?
In 6 days I leave for Peru \ Wow! I've never been anywhere near there.
It's a surf trip. They have monster waves. I'm nervous.  \ I've been to the ocean a few times but I've never even seen a surfer. We had a small boogie board.
Do you live inland?  \ I live in Tennessee
I've been river surfing in Tennessee. You have some decent white water rivers that offer boating and also surfing. \ Wow. I must have a boring life then, because I have only seen tug boats and barges on the Mississippi.
Every single morning one lady on my team comes into my office and cry's \ Oh no! How come?
You guess is as good as mine. She's crazy. Today she was stressed. Mind you she is 22 lives at home and has no bills. \ Oh well maybe she has a lot of problems internally. You never know how someone's home life is like.
She did mention this morning that her doctor said she needs meds or locked up.  \ Aw well it's likely bipolar- I know a phew. They have a hard time even on meds. 
I can't decide how to spend the $100. I found next to my car this morning.  \ I would save some and maybe get something you need/want?
Don't really need anything but it was a great way to start the day. \ For sure! Any extra money is always good!
Hi! Have you been watching the FIFA World Cup recently? \ I have not, I did hear that England lost recently though.
Yes, I was devastated to learn that because England are my favorite team! \ I heard they were doing great before the loss though, hope you at least got to see them in some good matches.
I slipped while carrying a tray of coffee at work the other day, got it all over me. \ Oh no, sorry to hear that! Were you okay?
Yeah, I was fine. I bit embarrassed, but fine. Had to go home and change though. It was huge mess. \ I can imagine. Well atleast you can look back and laugh it off as one of 'those' days!
I can't I went out with my ex's best friend while we were dating. I was a jerk but it was Karma biting her in the butt. \ Had she done that to you before?
Right before that I found out she was seeing other people while I was in Iraq. \ What a shame! 
Yea, it worked out for the best. A few months after that I meet my wife and we have been together for 11 years now. First baby is on the way in December.  \ Congratulations!
I felt sooooo nervous going to my last job interview! Nerves must occur in proportion to how badly you *want* something! \ I know what you mean. Did you get the job?
I did! The company does something that I actually like -- a panel interview vs a series of one-on-ones. Have you ever had an interview like that? \ I have not. What is it?
It just means you're in a room with several representatives from different parts of the company. To me, that helps it feel more like a conversation -- and it's more time efficient too! \ Make him Facebook famous. The Viral terrible mail man. 
I know! I just got cameras for that except I never have packages delivered here anymore because of him. \ Send you self a empty package or something.
Got on the scale this morning. Thanks to work stress I lost 15 pounds. \ Oh man! I wish work stress would make me lose weight lol. I gain! Are you looking for a new job?
Yes, that or a new boss. I love my job but my boss is terrible. \ Oh I don't deal with that well. I hope you get a new boss!
my parents picked me up from work in a new car for me when I turned 17, I was so surprised \ Did this make you excited?
I was very excited, just to have a car at all is awesome! \ What type of car was it?
I still my miss my partner, they left me all alone. \ I am sorry to hear that, maybe things will work themselves out!
I hope so to, never thought this would happen, we were suppose to get a house together. \ I feel bad, I hope you find someone who treats you even better!
I was so scared today! I was taking out the garbage and a huge raccoon jumped out at me from behind the trash can! \ Wow. Raccoon digging through the trash, hu?
Yes! He almost gave me a heart attack! I ran screaming back into the house! \ Are you usually afraid of raccoons or just surprised?
I was going to have dinner with my family, but we're on the highway to New York it seems. \ Was this an unplanned trip?
Well, it's unplanned for me, but I think they definitely planned this. \ Well, I'm sorry that this was sprung upon you, but I hope you have a safe trip!
Who does my neighbor think he is hitting on my wife at the block party?? \ Wow. That's a pretty low thing to do.
It is, I hope he steps on a nail! What a jerk!!! \ Oh just a nail? You are a nice person.
We are behind on a work project, but we came in this morning and it seems like one of our coworkers finished it all by himself over night. \ Wow! What a champ for doing that. You guys owe him!
Yes, we do. He's a terrific guy. He said since he's single, he wanted us to be with our families. \ Get that man a wife!
It took so much time to finish the tree house, but we're finally done \ You must be so relieved that its done. 
Yea, the kids seem pretty happy with it. \ They are going to have so much fun with it.
My daughter took it upon herself to make extra money mowing yards. \ That's a really adult move on her part.
She is growing up and showing so much initiative. \ She's showing she's responsible. I think she'll be just fine growing up.
We submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. It would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful. \ I wish you the best of luck on your proposal and the possibility of it becoming a reality.
Thank you so much! I hope so, too. \ What kind of project may I ask?
I just recently took the LSAT and did well.  I hope to be starting law school in the spirng. \ I hope you did well and congratulations on Law School!
Thank you! I hope to get into Syracuse. \ Law is a pretty tough career. You must've worked hard, and I'm sure that will pay off.
I'm going to be away from my girlfriend for a year, but she should know that she can trust me. \ Sometimes it is very hard and the jealousy can come out. I hope you have a really strong relationship though.
Thank you. It will definitely test our relationship and hopefully, we come through it. \ I have seen many relationships be destroyed because of time and space. Good luck to you all.
My husband is so amazing. I can trust him totally. \ That's so great to hear. Relationships can be hit or miss sometimes. Sounds like you got a good one.
I used to be a really jealous person and was always picking a fight thinking something was up. I have learned after 21 years how to deal with my problem. \ Over 2 decades. That's a long time.
We decided not to hire a roofer and do this thing on our own \ That sounds cool.  So you are fixing it yourself?
Yep. We are. Hopefully, Youtube pulls through. \ Best of luck with that.  Hopefully you will do fine and save a ton of cash.
I am feeling down tonight.  I am broke until next week. \ Oh no, do you at least have food?
Yeah.  I have some raman.  Thats all anyone really needs right? \ Ramen is delicious! I eat them even when I'm not worrying about money.
I'm going to an amusement park tomorrow for the first time and I can hardly wait! \ Whoa awesome! Really you've never been? Which one are you going too?
Busch Gardens in Williamsburg.  I have been studying up on what to do once I get there and it all looks amazing.  I don't know what to do first! \ Whoa! Make sure to bring money for food or bring frozen drinks. And lots of sunscreen and comfy shoes!
I am happy I have a home without a landlord and can do what I want, like rescue animals. \ I'm glad you can do what you're passionate about.  What kinds of animals do you rescue?
Any kind that needs help and happens to fall on my doorstep. I even feed all the wild critters I can :) \ That sounds so fun.  I hope I can do that some day, too!
My family is visitng extended family in Canada. There's no one to come home to. Feels weird. \ I can imagine. Take this time to do something for yourself.
Yea. Think I'm finally gonna watch some horrors that my family are too afraid to watch. \ There you go. Sounds like fun.
I got caught by a train and it made me late for work \ Caught by a train? Do you mean it was late?
Maybe I should have said stopped by a train. Ha Ha. \ hahah I was kind of concerned but didn't want to ask. Glad that is the case then.
I can see the kid's car from here. He is 16 and has a car work 100k \ Wow, what brand
Bmw 8 series. It's my neighbors kid.  \ That is a nice car
I got irritated when my brother got in trouble at school. He knew better \ What did he do?
He cheated a little \ How do you cheat a little. Either you cheat or you don't.
I just finished watching a series on netflix and now I am afraid to go outside alone in the dark. \ what show was it ?
documentary on serial killers \ i loved the ed gein documentary 
i felt bad when i forgot the day of my brothers birthday \ Oh no thats terrible.  Did you make it up to him?
i got him a present last minute  \ That is thoughtful!
When I was in preschool, my pants fell down in front of everyone \ That sounds embarrassing, what happened after?
I got laughed at a lot and sat down haha \ That sounds like what I would have done too
I went to this thing called a Paint Night and I ended up making an okay looking painting \ That sounds fun, I was never any good at painting
I am not either, but they had an instructor to follow along to! :) \ That probably helps a good deal!
im so happy today.  I just passed a really important test. \ congratulations. You worked really hard and deserved that pass!
Yeah I did actually.  I studied for three days non stop. \ That's an amazing feat. Studying is kind of a chore for me.
Just adopted a dog. We're gonna pick the little guy up this weekend. \ Awww.. what kinda dog is it?
It's a jack russell terrier! \ that is so cute.  I had one of those.
I felt bad when I skipped work when I was not sick. I just lied about it \ Oh, were you just tired that day?
I was hungover \ lol it happens. Had a good night?
My wife is at the doctor's, and I think we might be getting good news about a new addition to our little family. \ Congratulations on the kid
Oh we don't know yet! I hope it's not just a tummy ache she's having. \ I am sure she will be fin
Do you see a man and that yea he's got it going on? \ Yeah all the time. I get so jealous
Yea well I lost 25 pounds and now i'm that guy. Happy in my skin.  \ Wow, that is hard to do. Congratulations my dude!
I had food, water, and a place to sleep today. I am so thankful. \ I get that so many people in the world are so much worse off then us. I think it's easy to forget that.
I agree. I try to not take anything for granted and appreciate life more. \ I wish I could be more like you. 
I have a court date next week and I don't know what's going to happen.  I really want custody of my kids. \ Oh no! I really hope it goes well for you! That must be so stressful!
It really is.  The 'opposition' really hates me so she is trying to keep from them. \ I'm sorry. That is a really tough situation. I'll be thinking of you and hoping for the best.
My friend recently renovated her kitchen and I was so envious because I've been dreaming about remodeling my own for years. \ I'm sure you'll be able to do yours soon.  And maybe you can get some good ideas from hers!
That's true! I never looked at it that way! \ And when you do yours it will be that much newer than hers ;)
I am hoping to become an English teacher but I am waiting on test results to come back. \ I bet you are very eager to find out, good luck!
Thank you.  I am very eager and anxious to see how well I did. \ Was the test hard?
I bought everything I needed for the camping trip. I was not going to forget anything at all \ Double check your list.  Camping is always wonderful but hard to come back for something you forgot.
I agree. One time I forgot bug spray and it was awful. \ Did you make a list?
I haven't watched a horror in so long, but my friend wants to watch one \ Me either. I don't want too though,lol. Are you scared?
I'm terrified lol, but I don't want to tell her no. \ Oh man. Well I used to cuddle a dog when I would get scared. Find a dog
Well I find a new organic lip stick brand and found it for a good price and I am really happy to get it in the mail and try it! \ Oh nice. What color is it?
It  is a mauve. Lipstick queen! I can't always afford much so it's always nice when I can afford lipstick lol! especially a healthy kind. \ Interesting to see how muave works. That's a shade of purple, isn't it?
So, I'm dog-sitting for my neighbor right now while she's out of town, and one of them isn't acting right. They're not eating, and they seem all morose. I think I might have to take it to the vet... \ Oh no. I hope they're okay. How long until your neighbor gets home?
Not for another week! And the worst part is I know I have to tell her, but how do I tell her without her freaking out, you know? I don't want her to think it was my fault. \ I hope everything turns out okay.
Someone broke into my car last night. \ Man, that's horrible luck. Did you forget to lock it, or did they just bust in?
It was locked. They broke the window and stole all my change and my son's birthday present that was in the trunk. \ Are you kidding me? The nerve of some people. How desperate do you have to be... Well, I hope you can at least replace the present so your son isn't too sad. And at least they didn't try to bust into your home and harm you.
I can't believe I found a 20 dollar bill outside my house. It was not expected at all. \ That's pretty lucky, did you spend it?
Nope, it's still in my wallet. I like to keep in the same small pocket that has a four-leafed clover because I think it was such a lucky find! \ Well if you do choose to spend it make sure you do it wisely!
I went for a walk yesterday and stepped in some dog poop, gross. \ Lol! The real question is...was the poop fresh or old? I hate that shit, no pun intended
It was fresh I think, I was wearing flip-flops too. \ Ewww, did you clean it off?
I got a new job, but I'm going to finish this last project with my current job before leaving. \ I wish I had a expedition
An expedition? Do you mean a trip or car? \ Why do you think that?
This one is acting weird. \ I agree with you there. Let's just finish this one.
Well I hope things work out for you anyway lol \ I hope they do for you as well. Thank you!
I finished my kids birthday candy tonight after they went to bed. I know there going to be mad in the morning and I feel bad about it. \ That's funny. I'd tell them the tooth fairy stole it. 
Hahahaha.  That's pretty good.  The problem is this candy is very special.  One of their friends sent it over from Europe, so I can't just run down to 7-11 to buy some more. \ You better come up with something.
Last time I climbed Elbert I started getting sick from altitude. Heading to Colorado next week to try to climb it again.  \ That sounds awesome!  Is Elbert a fourteener?
Yes, it's the tallest in Colorado. This will be my 3rd time climbing it. But the first time since I got old and Lazy.  \ Hahaha.  Well, I hope you don't get sick.  Take something salty with you, maybe that will help.  Have fun!
When I was younger my dad scared me and my brothers so bad I almost peed myself! \ What a Jerk. Did you let him know he was being rude?
When I was younger my dad scared me and my brothers so bad I almost peed myself! \ hat a Jerk. Did you let him know he was being rude?
No, I was too young, I just about cried though \ you should let him know now.
That Jerk, Did'nt even wave when he cut me off.  \ I wish I had a rubber bumper to ram those people with!
After the Apocalypse I'll just ran them off the road. To make things worse he was in a Horse and Buggy.  \ That is terrible, he could have hurt the horse!
I never took a drink before and my friends were all over me to take a drink \ Why did you feel guilty for taking a drink?
It was not my thing and the moment I took I did wrong. Later in the night I started feeling bad. \ I can understand. I am not a big drinker myself, but I wouldn't feel guilty about it.  Not unless you promised someone you wouldn't drink.
Yeah I did to my mum and dad...When I started vomiting I mess my dress and mum knew.  \ Oh yea I can understand that then... Well I am sure you learned your lesson, right?
I was only married for 4 weeks when I learned my husband was having an affair and ongoing after the wedding. I got him back by sleeping with a close family friend. I felt guilty and ashamed because it was out of character. \ Yeah that sounds really sad. I am sorry for what you went through. 
Well I choose to stay and work it out, but I never told him. It has been 3 years. \ Yeah maybe that was a good decision that you made. 
I spilled my coffee on my keyboard and now it's sticky. I am so furious! \ Oh man! Will you need a new keyboard now?
I mean, it still works. But all the buttons are sticky and double clicking. I'm so mad at myself... \ Oh don't worry, accidents happen!
I am very hopeful and excited about moving away from a very rough city and moving to a farm. \ Yes!!! I hate the city and prefer the rural areas. Are you going to get farm animals?
yes! I would love to rescue farm animals. I already have one in the bathtub! lol! Our duck- He'd like a farm too \ I agree, I love farms because it feels so natural.
I took my finals exam last week. I am optimistic about the results but we shall see. \ At this point all you can do is hope for the best. Hopefully if you worked hard it will turn out good.
Yes I agree, I studied hard for it. It will make or break me. \ Don't stress over it. You can't change anything at this point.
I was at a retail store and was ignored by the cashier who was checking me out. \ That's always rough, maybe she didn't hear you?
No, she was just incompetent. \ Well she was just rude then. Not your fault at all.
My kid came home with straight A's! \ OMG that is wonderful!!!  I bet you are really proud!
I am very proud. She is such a great kid. I just wanted her to do her best. Doesn't really matter she gets straight A's or not. \ You say that but it sure is nice!
My power went out over three or four times today.  I lost count. \ Oh wow. Is it raining or something over there?
No they are doing work in the neighborhood.  Im glad I had my old hurricane supplies, batteries, etc.  I couldn't see anything. \ How long is the work gonna take? I hope you don't get any weird power outages.
MY take out order today was terrible. \ That sucks. What did you order?
McDonalds. I shouldve expected it. They don't get your order right in person. \ Yea, Mcdonald's can be so hit or miss sometimes.
I worked on this project for so long, but it turns out my job doesn't even want it done anymore. \ Thats sucks
it does. I feel like it was a waste of my time, but at least I got paid for the hours. \ Well. Maybe youll get a promotion.
Man, that would be awesome! \ It would.
We're going to Thailand for the summer. Pretty sure I know the language enough to guide us. \ Nice! Where did you learn Thai?
I'm self taught actually. An hour everyday for a year now. \ That's impressive. I bet you are more than prepared for this trip then!
I made a list of everything I needed for my college dorm. Hopefully I am ready and didn't forget anything. \ You're moving into the dorms soon, hu? Are you excited?
Yes, I am excited. I don't know what to expect honestly. \ What's your major?
I was shocked when my dad got me a new car. I had no idea \ That is cool! Was it a gift for any certain occasion? 
I was starting my senior year, so it was for that I guess \ I bet you were so happy! That's so awesome!
My husband had been putting in so many extra hours at work and working so hard on projects for his boss. \ I am sure it will be worth it in the end
Yes it was!! He finally got a promotion! We are so thrilled! \ I bet he was proud too
I am very angry at the person who bred, starved and then abandoned (or maybe she broke free) the dog I have. \ Animal abuse disgusts me. I don't what would drive someone to do that...
I don't either! They would have to be something very wrong as I couldn't imagine hurting an innocent! \ If I had a chance to rescue an animal, I would totally do it. 
I made a list of what to bring to the waterpark. Hopefully, I am ready and didn't forget anything. \ Did you get sunscreen and a waterproof belly bag and a hat?
Yep! I forgot sunscreen last time and the sunburns were awful...not again this time! \ Oh no! Yes it's the number one thing to not forget. I hope you all have fun!
My neighbor brought home her baby and it was her first child. \ Wow, how exciting. I bet it looks like a fat little old man.
Fat little old lady. I tried to help her even though she had been mean and accused me of hitting her car when I didn't \ I would hit it out of spit now
Lol. She moved away. She thought I wanted her jobless boyfriend. No thanks \ Must have thought you wanted some of his sweet unemployment check
Aced my Real Estate Exam today. Now I'm licensed in two states. \ Congratulations. I bet you're happy!
Yea, time to advance my career now. \ Do you work for a company or on your own?
I'm self employed but new to the business. \ Cool beans
I was recently rewarded at work for my loyalty and dedication to the company. \ That's what I'm talking about! That sounds so nice. I'm a little jealous. Sounds like you deserve it, though.
I was thankful that they recognized my contributions for all these years. \ That's always nice to hear. Better that then hearing someone else getting the spotlight and recognition just because they're in a higher position. I hope that keeps happening for you.
So, my computer monitor just died, and I was stressing about having to buy another one. But somehow my brother pulled out his toolkit and fixed it. I have no idea how people can be so handy! \ He sounds so computer-savy.  How will you repay him?
I don't know... That's why I was worried about the monitor--I don't have a lot of money to begin with. So, I have to think of something free but thoughtful \ Dinner might be a welcomed surprise.
Summer is almost over. I can't take it! \ Me too!! I love summer weather and vibes so much
The fall weather is nice, but there is so much more free time in summer. I miss it every time it leaves \ I know, the free time is the best. You can do whatever you want, whenever!
I littered out my car window today, I am so remorseful... \ OH no. Shame of you!
I'm sorry Earth!! I usually don't litter but it was so convenient at the time. I feel terrible \ Just don't do again and I'll keep your secret.
When I was younger, my grandmother passed away, I was so upset \ I loved my grandparents on my mother's side , so I understand how you feel. 
Thank you, I hope nothing ever happens to them! \ I was very close to mine. They are like parents but more fun.
There's been a big white wolf or coyote around my yard the past few months. I'm afraid he will kill the neighbors cats.  \ That is scary, what are you going to do about it?
I don't know. I had a cute beaver and there was just a head and eyes left of some small animal that looked like him left in my yard. ugh. \ Wow that is sad, I hope you get that fixed
I was confident my brother was going to finish college. He was doing so well in his major \ What happened?
He aced a few tests and just seemed to be doing well \ Nice! What is his major?
I bought a very difficult puzzle from my local hobby store, spent hours on building it only to drop it when I was about to put it in a frame. I was so dumbfounded \ I am sure you will get it
Thank you. I will be more careful next time, that is for sure. \ I do believe you
I was sickened when my friend got fired. They did not like that she was gay apparently \ Whoa whoa whoa, that still happens in this day and age? How did they even get away with that?
A rural county got away with it for a week, then it went bad for them \ Well, good. I hope they got a lot of negative press. That stuff shouldn't fly these days. 
My friend bought a winning lottery ticket for $2,500 yesterday. Kind of annoyed since I know he's just going to blow it all on alcohol. I'd prefer if I could have it so I could use it to pay my rent. \ That is way too much money to blow for sure
Yeah, he goes through money fast because his parents spot him for cash no matter what. I get that it's their money, they can do whatever, and that I should be able to support myself. But it's hard to see people be so careless when I'm struggling over here. \ I feel bad for the parents then
My car was damaged in the parking lot and the other driver took off without leaving me a note. \ That is horrible! Were their any cameras?
No and its a brand new car.  The cop said I was at fault since I was illegally parked. \ Oh man. That's too bad. Still not fair.
My husband is out of town and my friends talked me into going to a scary movie with them the other night. \ Sounds like so much fun.  What did you see?
I don't remember the name, but I have not been able to sleep since then. I hate being home alone! \ It must have been really scary movie then.  Try leaving the tv on to help.
My mother is sick in the hospital. I am optimistic she will make it through \ That sad. I hope she is okay.
Thank you, I am trying to see a positive out of this. \ It will be fine. Make sure you spend time with her and let her know that it will be okay. It can be helpful/
I went to a new pizza place downtown. They have one of those wood fire ovens. \ That sounds delicious! What type of pizza did you order?
I didn't order anything a mouse ran out of the kitchen and scared me to death. \ Lol! Maybe the rat is the chef? The restaurant's secret is a rat in the hat!
Whenever I see a happy couple, I get so envious.. \ Aww, that's sad. Do you have a bad relationship or not have one?
I've been single for a while now :( \ That can get really lonely but it's good to find yourself so you are really ready when the right one comes along.
I know I'm not a perfect parent but some just aren't good at it or don't care. \ There are some bad parents out there, that's for sure. Is it hard to be a parent?
It is when it comes to all the unexpected stuff. Went to the mall today and lady was letting her toddler run all over the mall smelling like a dirty litter box. It smelled horrible. \ Lol, that is terrible. She should have changed his diaper before leaving the house what the heck...
MY sister used to live in the apartment next door to me. She was my only friend in the complex. \ I feel you, my brother is my roommate and my friend too :)
Now I keep getting random neighbors who get evicted after two months. \ That sucks, why did she move out?
Whenever I see a happy couple, I get so envious... \ I know exactly what you mean. I've been single 2 years now.
I mean, I'm not ugly but it's been hard. \ I think I'm a little rusty in that department myself.
I was recently waiting to hear from my old apartment about my security deposit refund. I needed the money to pay my new pet deposit, and wasn't sure if I'd get enough money back. \ Were you able to get it back?
I was, and I ended up getting enough to pay the deposit and then some. \ That's great! I bet that was a relief.
My cousin is coming to town for a week and has to stay with us. I am not looking forward to it. \ Why aren't you looking forward to it?
She is no fun to be around. All she does is get drunk and act really crazy. \ That's unfortunate. A week is a long time.
I had my first real Italian restaurant experience today. \ That sounds like a lot of fun! I mean I haven't even really gone anywhere higher than Olive Garden myself, so I'm jealous. Did you go with anyone special?
I took my daughter. It was really good. Olive Garden is good but this place was great. \ That's really sweet! I bet that was a nice scene. Was it a special occasion, or did you guys just want to enjoy yourselves just for the heck of it
Found out that I apparently filed my taxes wrong a few months ago, and now they want me to make up for what I should have paid, plus interest. I should have paid more attention or asked for help from someone I guess \ Thant sucks. I always use turbo tax. 
Yeah, so does my mom. But that costs money. I was trying to be frugal and just used a free service. But I do a lot of self-employed work and I guess I didn't correctly account for all of the funds I earned over the past year.  \ Maybethey will let you do a payment plan?
Yeah, they will. It's still extra money that I don't have. Oh well, my fault, have to pay the consequences. \ Well I bet you'll do better next time. I hate paying extra for anything.
I can't believe I won 50 bucks on the lottery ticket I just bought. Did not expect it. \ Oh wow! That's awesome! What will you buy?
I was thinking about upgrading the graphics card on my computer \ That's a good idea. It's extra money so do what you want!
My father in law is coming to visit for a whole week and staying at our house! \ That's awesome! How long has it been since you've seen him?
Not long enough! I am totally dreading it. He does not like me and he is so rude. \ Oh, that sucks then. I hope you guys get along and squash beef?
I feel like vomiting when I walk into a public restroom and it smells like manure. Some people haven't had a gram of fiber in their life \ I am sorry, that sounds gross
I know right? What's worse is when people pee all over the rim or ground \ I hate that smell
I was glad my dad showed me how to change a tire when I was young. It came in handy down the line \ Nice! Thinking about it...I'm 22 and still don't know how to change a tire hahah
You can learn eventually \ I should learn how to do it, it seems pretty basic?
My friend recently invited me to his wedding. I hadn't even known he was engaged, but it was a great wedding. \ That's fun, my friend is getting married next year, how big was the wedding?
Not too big, maybe 30 guests. He and his now wife have been together for only a year or so, so they set the whole thing up pretty quickly. \ Oh I see, well that's still nice!
So I got a new job recently, and I got my first paycheck and it was pretty good compared to what I was expecting! \ Nice, congratulations. How are you liking the new job itself?
It's pretty good so far, I think I'm gonna like it for the long haul! \ Awesome, I hope the job goes great for you!
I was proud of my brother when he finished school. He worked so hard at it \ Nice, tell him congrats. What did he major in?
It was English \ He should become an English teacher1
I can't believe I actually lost that much weight. It's only been 2 months \ How much did you lose
20 lbs but I've got more to go. I am serious about this \ I am sure you will make it
My ex is the worst. \ Why?
He posted my number on facebook. \ Why would he do that??
I can't believe how big my dog has gotten. 7 months ago, she was a small, clueless puppy but now she is a big one! \ What is her name?
Pinky because she has pink spots all over her nose and paws! \ That;s cute. I love the cute names people give their pets.
I ate an entire pepperoni pizza yesterday. That is not a part of my diet. \ Don't feel guilty. We all slip sometimes.
That was a big slip. I don't even know why I ordered it. I was the only one home. \ Ha Ha. Just try to do better next time.
I made an elaborate dinner for my Moms birthday to show my appreciation for her \ What was the menu?
I wanted to show my feelings for her with the food. I think I was able to do it by making all of her favorites. \ I bet she loved it!
My brother is in the hospital and is very sick. I am very scared \ What's wrong?
He has had heart problems his whole life, I hope he will make it through \ I hope so too. I'm sorry that he is going through that.
MY daughter is always glued to her phone. \ A lot of kids these days are addicted to technology. Does she listen to you often?
50% of the time. It's annoying because I tell her something and thirty minutes later she asks what I said. \ That sucks. How old is she because if she is young she may grow out of it
I gave a pretty big loan to my mother in law. Today, she paid it back and I didn't expect her to. She is very hones \ That's great. Sometimes family isn't good with loans.
Yeah, I honestly didn't expect her to pay it back. My level of trust with her has rose for sure \ Was it pretty far down before?
I just saw the trailer for Black Ops 4 and preordered it immediately! \ Wow, they are still making them? Only ones I enjoyed was MW1, MW2, and BO1.
Yep I get it every year. Thw last one was WWII and it was pretty good. \ I actually did buy that one on Steam but it barely has any players :(
I could not wait to go to my aunts house. She was going to make my favorite dish \ What is your favorite dish?
A nice seafood gumbo \ I've heard of that dish before. I need to try it sometime, can I come?!
I haven't been in a relationship for a while now. I am so alone.. \ I bet you find someone soon
Thanks, but it's so discouraging seeing happy couples everywhere \ I have been there too, it will get better
My daughter made a nice dinner tonight and she is only 13 \ Sounds like she's going to be on "Master Chef" in a couple of years. What did she make?
It was just a black bean dip that I make sometimes, but I never let her in the kitchen alone. Im too afraid. \ That's wise - it's irresponsible to let kids meander in the kitchen alone. Too many sharp objects.
I had a physics exam last week. Never felt so good going into one before. \ Thats sounds promising.
I did pretty well on it! All my studying seemed to pay off. \ Sometimes people think they don't need to study, but it really is helpful even if you think you know the material
My mom takes care of me so much. I feel like she is Mother Teresa! \ Aww, that's sweet of her! You're lucky to have her, not all moms are good.
I agree. I am so thankful \ That's good, I'm sure she enjoys seeing you happy and taken care of.
I always feel like no one hears me. Like When I speak it falls on deaf ears. \ That sucks. Maybe it's time to get new friends?
Well, for the most part it's my family. My husband, kids and pets. I know they're not deaf and it's frustrating! \ Don't worry, it will get better. I know you deserve better
I don't have a laundry washer or dryer in my apartment. So my mom comes by every week and picks up my smelly clothes. I am very thankful for her. \ That's pretty sweet of her. Some people would find it annoying that their parents still want to baby them, but I say you shouldn't take it for granted. They just want to be in your life.
I agree. She is very helpful \ Well, let her know here and there how much you appreciate it. Sometimes we forget that even though we think and feel certain things, it's not always obvious to the other person. They need some verbal confirmation of appreciation!
I definitely over-ate today. I'm not overweight, but I do want to lose like five pounds. I also want to have positive eating habits. But eating vegetables is so uninteresting to me... \ Eating vegetables is disgusting to me so I just blend it all in a smoothie. You should try that
Yeah, I hear of people doing that. And that's a useful tip. But I think you lose some nutrition that way, right? Besides, I'm too lazy to do it.  \ Honestly, I have no idea. But it beats eating vegetables 1 by 1 because that takes forever
I ate way too much today. I feel like I let myself down. \ I hate that feeling. Hopefully you will feel better about it tomorrow.
It really sucks because I promised myself on Sunday that I would eat more healthy and less. But I already broke that promise, I am ashamed. \ You can always start again tomorrow.
I hate storms so much. We are supposed to be getting bad storms tonight. \ Well at least after the storm, there will be some sunshine!
But until then I don't think I will be getting any sleep. \ That's where earmuffs or plugs come in handy my friend
When I was a little girl, our cat ran away and was gone so long we didn't think he would come home so we adopted another kitten.  \ Thats sad, hopefully the new cat got to live a long and full life with you
Well, we had a funny twist. The same day we brought the new kitten home, or old cat showed up. We kind of thought maybe he was hanging out close to home and was mad that we replaced him. \ Haha thats crazy, I hope they became best friends, I love cats.
My dad used to be a pretty heavy drinker, it caused a few problems in our familiy. \ That is very sad, did he ever get sober?
Yes he finally stopped drinking a few years ago, I was very proud of him and was able to have a real relationship with him. \ That is so great, I hope you have found some healing and closure to the difficulties it caused when you were younger. 
I couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. I am so frustrated at the moment. \ That is horrible luck!  At least you weren't hurt.  Some insurance companies cover that as well, so you should check.
That's a good idea, I will do that first thing tomorrow morning. \ Hopefully that little mishap doesn't cot you anuthing!
I can't wait! I am going on a vacation to Rome, Italy in a couple weeks! \ Oooo, that sounds fun. Will you visit that giant place where gladiators fought?
I will be visiting all of the old historic Roman sites!  I am a huge history buff and have wanted to visit there for the longest time! \ Well, now I know where I want to visit too. Great idea!
I can't wait for the new evil Spiderman movie called Venom. It's going to be sick!!! \ Hey, I just saw that trailer! I'm kind of excited for it too since I loved him as a kid. But I felt like the trailer had a few dumb lines it, even though I love Tom Hardy.
I love Tom Hardy too! First Bane, now evil Spiderman! Can't wait \ You're right, he was pretty good as Bane. Glad to see someone else is a fan and is looking forward to it.I see it getting a lot of negativity.
Just relaxing here with a cold Dr. Pepper after a long day of work and a hot shower. It doesn't get much better than feeling the air conditioner breeze flowing on your clean body, feeling accomplished. \ I agree, I love that feeling. What do you do for work?
I'm a landscaper. It's kind of rough work at times, but it's rewarding to see your vision come together, especially when you have to work with a big team to get it done. \ Nice, I bet it sucks when it's blazing hot outside.
I posted a party on social media this morning. Not single soul showed up and I am alone...again \ Who did you invite?
I didn't invite anyone in particular but it was a message to everyone on my followers list.  \ Where was the party?
Black Ops 4 comes out in October \ October? I thought most Call of Duty games come out in November?
I know right. October 12th. I just pre ordered it. Im sad because its still so far away. \ It will be October as soon as you know it, trust me. Hopefully they release a beta so we can play it earlier.
Stephen Kings new show is so scary. \ I have not seen it yet, tell me abnout it
It about a man that they found locked in a cage in prison and he may be the devil. \ That sounds insane honestly.
Last christmas i got a car! \ Wow.Really? What kind?
Its a red one! My uncle bought it for me! \ What's your uncle's number? lol
Ughh, 1900uncleray. He is the best. \ Cool. Say hi to your new Auntie! 
My daughter is a teenager now so we don't spend as much time together as we used to. \ I know exactly what you mean. My sister is entering her teenage years. I feel like it's all I can do to just not be annoying to her, so I can't even imagine what it's like for a mom.
Yeah, luckily we had a fun girls evening out today. We went out to eat and did a bunch of shopping. \ That's good! All it takes is a good day once in a while to keep things on track until they get older. My mom just tries to be as patient and considerate with my sister so that she still feels motivated to communicate with her.
You ever revisit a place and wonder, since you hadn't been there in so long, where the time went? \ Happens a lot to me actually, it's sometimes enough to make me sad.
Yeah, I agree. I was visiting my parents, in my old neighborhood where I grew up, and I went back to the public basketball court the neighborhood. Just makes me wish I could be a kid again. \ Yeah, I get like that. I sometimes drive somewhere just to get the feeling I used to have there. Crazy how life goes.
The new movie I just saw was not great. I expected so much more. \ I'm sorry you were dissappointed.  It is hard to spend so much money on a dud movie.  Was the popcorn good at least?
It's ok. I bought tickets during matinee hours so it wasn't too bad. Yes, the popcorn was good as always.  \ It's always good to save money, but still, it stinks.  They should have to make them good for the prices they charge.
My wife just bought me a car for our anniversary, and I am so happy she did. \ Wow, she is a keeper. What car is it?
A new SUV I've had my eye on.  I really wasn't expecting it, but she said 30 years is a big anniversary. \ Congratulations on the strong marriage and car!
A girl I asked out just rejected me. Feels bad man. \ I know you will be great in the end.
Thanks, it was so weird because she showed signs of interest. But she gave me the Nope. \ People do that sometimes, and it is really sad.
Christmas eve is the worst day for me every year. \ Why? What happens on Christmas eve for you?
I just want it to be christmas so badly then. \ Ohhh, duh! I should have seen that coming lol
I got a speeding ticket today on my way back from work. I did not believe it so I tried to argue with the cop, still got the the ticket. \ That's too bad. Are you thinking about going to court for it?
Yes, I will try to fight it in court. That was just wrong to ticket me for going 32 in a 30 plus I was going down a hill. \ Yeah, that's a load of whack. I hope you win your case and show those pigs who's boss.
My co-worker managed to grab the promotion that I was gunning for all year long. \ Well that's disappointing. Have you been working there longer then your co-worker?
I have - I was so jealous. Well, maybe if I work hard over the next year I'll manage to get it. \ I believe in you!!
It makes me sad that there is only one season left of game of thrones. They could have made 2 \ My friends and family always talk about that show, is it good? 
IT si the best show every created! \ I heard it's really graphic and a lot of sex scenes. I will watch it...for educational purposes.
I found an old playlist on my phone today. It was like reliving a moment in my life. \ Ive been there
It was very nostalgic \ Just imagine if you found a mix tape on an actual cassette
Yesterday, I saw a dead possum in the road on my way home from work. \ Are you sure it wasn't palying dead?
Oh, no I'm sure he was dead. Made me think of all the times I had to nab up all that sweet, savory roadkill a few years back to fill up my empty stomach. Times were tough. \ Eww, what the heck! I guess you really were at a bad place at the time.
I've been studying for my test this Friday. I think I am ready for it. \ I'm sure you will knock it out of the park. What is it on?
Economics, it's my favorite subject so I'm very passionate about it! \ That's neat - I like economics as well. Why are you so gung-ho about it?
I don't really know how to react to this, but one of my friends told me a few days ago that not only is he going to Samoa for a while (which didn't surprise me because he and his family go to Africa all the time), but he's staying and moving there for a few years. \ Wow, that's quite a move. Did he say why he's staying in Samoa so long?
I think it's because he dropped out of school here and doesn't have much reason to stay in America, since he can start a new life over there. Kinda makes me sad though, I didn't expect it at all. \ I can understand that. It's hard to say goodbye to a friend, I hope you can stay in contact with him.
I broke a vase at my mom's house last year, and ended up hiding the evidence. I still haven't told her, and I feel bad about it. \ Oh man that's a bad situation. Was this vase of any sentimental value, or was it really expensive or what?
It was fairly expensive. She wasn't relly using it for anything, and hasn't noticed it's gone. I think I'm going to buy a replacement for her, and let her know I broke the old one. \ That might be a good idea, even if just to clear you conscience of the guilt.
I kept raising my hand in class in my lecture the other day and the teacher wouldn't pick on me. \ Why?
I'm not sure. Maybe it was because I usually answer all the question. I felt quite peeved. \ Oh, then don't feel bad? I think the teacher is trying to get everyone else involved.
It makes me depressed seeing homeless people. I wish I could help them but I am going through tough times too. \ You can always give them some money once you get yourself back on your feet. Just keep your head up - things will get better.
Thank you. I always try to give them a few coins here and there. Maybe even a few bucks. \ If I ever meet you, I will toss a few bucks your way. We all have to help each other out in this tough world.
I got a brand new computer last month! \ Cool! What did you get?
It's something brand new, and it works very fast. \ Well good for you!
I Think my husband is cheating but I'm scared to investigate. \ Investigate that right now! You need to know
What if it true and I murder him in his sleep? \ I would not do that, just get a divorce and take half of all.
I have a math test tomorrow and it is the biggest one of the semester. \ wow. I hope you have studied hard so you will do well. 
I've been studying all night. It's going to be a real doozy. I am quite nervous! \ Well as long as you have studied hard you should do well. Just relax knowing you have prepared yourself. 
When I was a child I was in a destructive tornado. \ Oh my goodness! Did you get hurt?
No luckily my family was safe. Two girls down the street got killed.  \ That's so sad. Did your house get damaged?
I hate it when I get ignored. It makes me feel less human and I get very mad! \ Yeah, that bothers me to.  Don't sweat it too much though.  Just consider it their loss and move on.
I try to tell myself there are other people out there that care about what I have to say \ There are.  The people who ignore you are not worth your time or effort.
I really like this girl at my job, but I am sort of nervous to ask her out. I am not very confident when it comes to those types of social situations. \ You got this bro, just be confident. I believe in you
Yeah, I need to just hype myself up and get it over with.  My coworkers already tell me that she asks about me. \ She likes you! If she asks/talks about you then you have a much better chance too.
My cousin got accepted into Med school and I am very envious! I wish it was me... \ That is so great! Are you in the process of applying now? I'm sure you will get in eventually.
Yes, I applied but have been rejected as always. Maybe I need to try a new career field. \ Perhaps. Or you just need to keep trying. Don't give up on your dreams so easily!
So, I found this new recipe for mayonnaise lasagna. I'm making it tomorrow for all my fellow workers in the Nike sweatshop. \ That sounds interesting, is it hard to make?
Oh, very. But I am sure it will make a tasty meal for all my starving comrades. Even throwing a rat I found in the alley in there. Should be scrumptious!  \ Did you really just say that hahaha. You are crazy
Tomorrow I am going to a Nascar race with my family. I can't wait to see all the hillbillies and neckbeards throwing down in the bleachers. \ That sounds like fun. But I don't think Hillbilly is a very nice way to describe people. 
Eh, if you live on a hill and your name is Bill, I think that would qualify you as a hillbilly. \ Funny, but true. Have you ever been to the races before?
My friends planned a surprise party for my birthday. \ Exciting! Did you get any neat gifts?
Yes. I got quite a few items I collect. They know me very well.  \ It's always good to have friends that know your likes. What is in your collection?
I went out and bought a lottery ticket last thursday. \ That's always fun. Did you win any money?
Of course I did not, I will always try. \ Oh darn. Better luck next time.
My friend just died last week. I went over to her house to help sort her stuff. \ That is terrible, are you okay?
Yeah. It was actually nice to look through all her old photo albums from our fun times together. \ I feel super bad about that, i wish the best for you.
I used to be pretty buff a couple years back. That gives me inspiration that I can get back to that shape again. \ I believe in you, man. I'm a bit rotund myself, but I started hitting the gym this past week.
We got this! We just need to be disciplined and eat healthy! \ Yeah! By the end of the year, we'll be lifting Ford F 150's!
So, I've been practicing holding my breath for a few months now. \ For what? Are you a diver or something?
Nope. Just a regular Joe-Schmo that wants to break a world record. Never felt so prepared. \ Oh, well good luck. Have you heard of Wim Hof? He's like a world record breath holder and he does it in freezing temperatures too. 
There is a thunderstorm going on right now, and my neighbors dogs that I'm dog-sitting keep barking every time it thunders! They're really starting to get on my nerves. Not sure how much longer I can stand it. \ My dog does that too. I think it's the loud noises that scare them. 
Yeah, I get that. You just figure they'd realize after the 17th boom of thunder that they'd think, "Okay, maybe it's not something to worry about." Oh well, I'm probably just expecting too much from them. \ Lol, if only we can understand dogs and listen to what they are saying. That would be hilarious.
I forgot to feed my dog this morning. She was acting very aggressive and I didn't know what was wrong at first then it hit me. I knew it was my fault on why she was so rowdy! \ Haha. These dogs that I'm dog-sitting wouldn't let that happen. They wake me up at 6:30AM every morning to feed them. But hey, we make mistakes. Maybe you had a busy day today.
I felt so guilty afterwards and I know she hated me for it.  \ Ah, hate's a strong word. They're smarter than we give them credit for. They know you always feed them. At the end of the day, I doubt she could have a much better owner
I picked up this aardvark on the black market. Named him Arthur. He pooped all over my carpet yesterday. \ What is a aardvark?
It's an exotic animal that lives in the rain forests of South America. I was so annoyed because he made quite a mess. Probably explains why rain forests are so fertile. \ I thought so. The name alone sounds so exotic, were you mad that you had to clean pooop?
I have to go to court soon for a drunk driving incident and I am so scared. What if I have to go to jail? \ You usually don't get that much jail time for drunk driving if it is your first incident. It shouldn't be so bad, but hopefully it will make you more cautious in the future.
It's my 2nd offense so I am terrified. I think I'm looking at a month or two in jail. \ Oh wow. I really hope that you get the help you need. I can relate though...I used to be reckless like that a couple years back. Just have to be responsible and arrange an uber or some other form of transportation.
One of the times I remember feeling the most blissed out in life was right after the birth of my first child. \ That is a very blessed day. It is something you will never forget.
Obviously there are the demands of a new child -- but that feeling of finally meeting someone you waited so long for, and the love surrounding the whole situation. Truly something to remember. \ Yes, I couldn't agree more. It is remarkable how your feeling suddenly change.
I really liked having my mom here. She helped with the kids but then when she left I missed it. \ I can imagine! That extra set of hands -- and a person you can *trust* -- that's the best!
Yes, the kids really missed her when she left. It took us a while to get back to the normal around here. \ Does she live far away? It sounds like maybe visits aren't too frequent.
My mother is litltle sick lately. So I bought her an unexpected gift. \ Oh, I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get her something nice?
Yes, I bought her ipad. She was happy that I thought of buying her something. \ That was very thoughtful, something to keep her entertained when she wasn't feeling well. Is she doing better?
I was watching a video about a man who made a small table out of chocolate. It looked real and was just amazing.  \ Wow, that should have been amazing
It really was. It also made me want to eat chocolate.  \ Me too, I love chocolate
So, I took a big ole dookey in the bathroom at work today. Forgot to flush the toilet on the way out. \ That's gross.
You're telling me. I felt really bad whoever had to use it next. I really blew that thing up. Shouldn't have had Taco Bell last night! \ Thanks for that information.
MY family got together and built my grandma a gazebo for her birthday. \ That's so nice! Did she like your craftsmanship?
I did a little painting. I don't build things. \ It was still a nice gesture. I would love my children to build be a big ole gazebo.
I interviewed at my job for a promotion. I knew I was the top candidate. \ Nice! Did you manage to snag the promotion?
Yes I did. But I knew I would.I am the top worker.  \ It's good to work hard for that dough. What's your new billet entail?
Yesterday, I forgot to flush the toilet at work. The look of disgust on my co-worker's face who just walked out was priceless. \ Oh my goodness! I bet that was embarrassing. But it happens. 
Oh, it was mega embarrassing! My co-workers wouldn't stop talking about it. I'm sure they're never going to let me live it down. \ eventually they will forget. They will probably do something even more embarrassing then the joke will be on them. haha.
My brother last month got a brand new computer. \ That is nice. What kind of computer did he get?
Something that is super fast, I really wish I would have gotten one. \ I wish I had a better computer. Why do they have to cost so much?
We just go through selling my grandmothers house last month. \ How did that experience go?
It went well, but I am gonna miss that farm house. We have a lot of memories of that ole place. \ I'm very glad, and I understand how the memories are.
My internet service provider cut my internet last week. I was shocked because I didn't miss the payment so I knew it had to be an error. \ I would too.  What had happened?
I think it was an error on their part or the payment delayed. I even paid earlier than the due date because this has happened in the past. Maybe it's time to switch companies. \ Yes.  Did they admit fault?
I was afraid when my kids were out of town without me \ How old are your kids?
They are 13 and 10 \ Are you worried they are going to be abducted or something?
I was very interested in a girl that lives near me. I can't seem to muster the courage to talk to her so I'm feeling pretty down in the dumps. Hopefully, one day I can let my mind stop racing and just go for it. \ What can you lose?
Probably nothing but it's still hard to go through with it. I need to man up... \ You do. I mean it can only go one of two ways. And if it goes one way, you can try again with another girl.
MY kids just won't go to sleep at night. \ Do they have insomnia?
They going to have sore bottoms soon. I can't stand it. \ Well they will have insomnia and sore bottoms haha
I remember being really upset when we had to move away from my very first best friend when I was 10" \ That happened to me too when I was in elementary school. I lost all my friends and had to make new ones, which sucks.
It is really tough at that age too \ I agree.
I spent more time than usual grooming my dog. She was so appreciative and you could see how much she loved it! \ I bet she felt really special!
For sure, but she knew something was up because I never spend more than 30 minutes grooming her lol. She was like "what is your evil plan master" \ I can relate to that!
I had to pay a late fee on my car taxes because I procrastinated in paying them on time. I always put off important things because I feel too scared to do them for some reason. Not sure why I keep making the same mistakes \ Me too. I miss payments sometimes because I forget about them and I'm lazy.
Well, I hate seeing my money go away, too. So I put it off, thinking it will help things, especially when I'm so down to the wire on my money. But then I just end up making it worse for myself. \ That's my exact situation too.
I missed the payment for my utility bill but I'm optimistic about the situation. Hopefully they don't cut my electr \ Ah, so you're in the same boat as me? I can understand how that goes. Electricity is so necessary nowadays, too.
I agree, I love the internet which requires electricity. I need to get priorities straight! \ I'm with you. Sometimes responsibilities get too overwhelming and you feel like you have to hide from them. At some point though, I'm sure you and I will improve.
I quit smoking maybe twice a month. I want to quit for forever. \ Smoking is pretty bad for everyone.
I know. I can't make it a whole day though. \ You have to try, it could change your life.
My dogs are my entire world. \ I like dogs
My dogs keep me sane. \ How many do you have?
Kind of scared to file for my financial aid this year. Not sure if it will cover all my expenses for the semester. If it doesn't, I don't know how I'll make ends meet and attend school. \ Can you get another job?
I wish. That was my first thought, but I just can't make it work, time-wise. I major in social work, and an internship is mandatory, and that's a part-time job in itself. \ Can you take out a loan?
I am wishing the Yankees will win the World Series. \ Yankees fan, huh? I should pit you against my brother. He loves the Red Sox. I bet you guys would argue for a while.
Yes, I do not like the Red Sox. \ Haha, he'd probably say the same thing to you. He's been a fan of them for about 20 years. What about you? How long have you followed them?
I meant my DOG got into rat poison and died. It was a truly horrific accident. \ Wow that is terrible, I hope he got to live a long life before that happened.
He was a little over 8 years old so not long enough! \ Thats terrible, at least he wasnt a puppy I guess.
Yes that's true. Now I am A LOT more careful about where I put rat poison. \ I can imagine you would be, wouldnt want that to happen again.
No, and it happened very fast. I started seeing symptoms and he died the next day even after I took him to the vet. \ Crazy they wont even eat vegetables but they will eat rat poison.
My friend got a huge scholarship when he barely passed the PSAT. \ How did  he manage to do that?
Its mainly an English based test and hes really good at english \ I mean you said he barely passed it though. Must have been slim pickings when it came to giving out the sholarships.
Yea he was about 1 point above the cutoff, I was quite jealous of him to be honest, I barely didnt make it sadly. \ What college did he end up going to?
OU, he ended up dropping out to pursue writing about a year and a half in and wasted the scholarship. \ Ah, yes, the lucrative writing career.
I lost a friend to throat cancer last year. \ That sucks, how old were they?
34. It was really sad. She had 4 children. \ Wow, how old are the kids?
I know that Trump will win reeelction. \ IT;s sad but I think so too.
Sad? I am so happy, I love him. \ Congratulations. We don't share the same sentiment.
My brother just got a new job, and he and his family are moving into a bigger house in a nicer city. Kind of wish I had his success right now, but I'm struggling to remain proud of him too. I don't want to make it all about me. \ Have you asked him how he feels about that entire situation?
He's excited, of course. But I'm sure he's nervous, too. I watched him during the job search process--it took a while. So I know he's relieved, which I'm happy about, too. \ Life is a scary place, anything could happen at any time.
Every single thanksgiving, I eat alone. \ Really? That's one of the saddest things I've heard in a while. I'm sorry to hear that. What happened to your family, if you don't mind me asking?
They all died when i was much younger. \ I am terribly sorry to hear that. You've got to be really resilient to deal with that. Maybe you could volunteer at a soup kitchen during Thanksgiving so you could have a chance to be around others?
My little sister caught off a chunk of my hair when I was sleeping last night. She did it because I came up with a fun but mean nickname for her the day before. But that was way over the line! \ Did you do anything after she did it?
No, because I didn't want to escalate it further. My parents punished her, but I felt like she got off lightly. All she got was being grounded for a week and her phone taken away for that same time period. Oh well. \ I have never had siblings, so not sure what to tell ya.
I do not like being around bats. \ Why's that? Did you specifically have a bad experience with them, or just assume they're terrible no matter what?
Yes, once when I was trapped in a cave. \ Trapped in a cave? I couldn't handle that. I'm claustrophobic. I'd freak out in a second. How long were you trapped for?
Someone spray-painted my car last night, wrote some curse word. I have no idea why, since i have no enemies. I don't understand how people can treat others like that. \ Some people are just cruel.
