no, she still doesn't want to apologise for what she did, but eve she doesn't i'm gonna talk to her today! \ That's good. You guys are siblings after all and should try to get along.
I lost my job and had to ask my parents for money. I was so ashamed to ask for help. \ i'm pretty sure they were more than happy to help you because they are your parents in the end.
They were. They really did get me out of a jam and I'm grateful to them. \ see? they can't get mad at you so you shoudn't feel ashamed, instead search for another job and help them.
The possibility of winning a lottery this time is high for me \ hi, what makes you think that?
Bruh,my instincts can't be wrong. I just have this crazy feeling that i might be lucky this time round. \ fair enough my friend, would you say your chances are high because of signs of other people winning around you recently?
I would say Karma is due to bring me some good positive vibes today \ You are so hyped for the day. I wish that will be the same for me.
yeah lets just say I have had a lot of bad things happen recently, and now after helping a pregnant lady the other day i'm sure i'm due some help now too haha. \ It pays to always be kind. Even if you don't get rewarded immediately but at least you helped someone.
i recently discovered that my father is sick , i tried to contact my mother to see what happened but she didn't answer. i'm so mad at her because she didn't even try to call me again. \ Could she just be too distraught to pick up a phone? I agree that she owes that much to you but, maybe shes too broken atm
i got really angry and i'm so worried about my father. so i'm gonna go visit my parents and check on them this weekend. \ Hopefully you don't live too far. I know this is a random chat but, I genuinely hope your father is okay. I don't have a dad so, cherish every moment you get.
So, my best friend did something I had a very hard time forgiving him for \ mind telling me what happened maybe i could help you?
Well, it was a while back but, this beautiful girl was interested in me and, he knew it. He came in and directed all attention towards himself which stopped me entirely from pursuing a relationship \ you don't deserve a best friend like that. or even a relationship where you have to keep fighting for the attention. i suggest you leave both of them and look for your future with other people!
I remained with my girl after a long distance relationship \ That's great. I never did a long distance one. But my brother did, and it was about 400 miles.
I feel his pain, it sucks at times.  It makes you cherish the moments you do have together though! \ She was a keeper though, I'm sure it was worth it for him.
The coolest place I've ever been was an island in the Caribbean. No cars, only golf cars. 100% touristy village. \ Golf is by far my favourite hobby, this sounds awesome! What island was it?
Caye Caulker. Maybe a vacation for your partner. There's a snorkeling place there. The coolest things though was that it was unlike anywhere I've ever been. \ I will have a look at it on my lunch break today! I did snorkelling in the Philippines at it was amazing.  That was on the island of Coron
I've been abroad for a while traveling but soon I'm going back to the US! \ good for you. where have you been?
I've been in Mexico. \ what'd you do there?
I was waiting on my wife until she can come with me to the US (getting her papers ready). \ oh I see. do you have kids together
well, it's time. I'm going to ask the girl of my dreams out on a date \ That's a good idea!
yep, and I know she'll say yes. she has to \ Hopefully!
So, I'm a musician and I recently had a really gratifying situation \ Great, what happend?
I was playing drums with my friend's dad! He's really well versed. \ Cool, I never played the drums. My band teacher in middle school tried to discourage playing the drums cause there are no notes!
My embarassing moment is when our thermostat was broken and my boss came in, and I had my shirt off. Only problem I guess is it would have been weird if he had had a client with him. \ Ooooof lmao do you work in an office?
Yeah, insurance. No client though thankfully. \ Thank goodness. You really dodged a bullet on that one
i'm finally gonna get some rest, i'm going on a holiday in two weeks and i really can't wait! \ oh boy oh boy oh boy where are you going??
i'm going to Greece. i can't wait to see all the greek gods up close. \ well, I don't want to break it to you, but those guys are fictional....
it's time. I'm ready to go on the hardest mountain climb I've ever done \ sounds like a good adventure! where are you going to climb?
Everest. and I'm ready to face my death if need be \ well hopefully you won't die. be careful and make sure you have fun!
I had always colored my hair at home but had a wedding comeing up so I wanted to finally get it done professionally. \ I hope it turned out great. Did you find a good hairdresser to do your hair?
No! It was terrible, I wanted light brown and when I got up from the chair it was so blonde. I was to upset to even say anything. \ Oh, I'm so sorry that happened to you. I really hope you were able to get the color fixed eventually.
I get sentimental around Christmas. Christmases with my parents were the best but now they're gone. \ Oh I'm so sorry to hear that, how long have they been gone.
I lost my dad a couple of years ago and my mother followed a year later. It is sometimes hard to get through Christmas without nostalgia. \ Oh wow....I hope you can get through it.
One time I got pantsed in PE class. The other girls thought I should lose my pants while we were playing dodgeball. \ That must have been embarrassing. Did the girls get in trouble for it?
I don't remember. I was pretty numbed out. \ I would have switched schools if I were you. I would hate to have to be with bullies like that
I stupidly lent my car to a friend. \ Uh oh. What happened?
He got drunk and took it for a joyride. It didn't end well. \ That is horrible! I hope he was okay.
I was nervous about a secret I had but I hated keeping it bottled up. \ Did the secret negatively affect others?
No, but some kind person came up to me and promised not to tell anybody. \ I can understand that feeling. Well, if it was pretty innocuous there's no harm and keeping confidentialiy
My mom found my weed when I was younger \ Did she punish you?
Oh boy, she yelled and carried on. I couldn't hide my shame \ I hope she didn't make you feel too bad about it! People make mistakes when they're young.
Even though I could've gotten more money at another job, I've stayed with my current employer. It is a good place to work. \ well that's good to hear I guess. what do you do?
I work in public relations. I create campaigns for companies. \ what's your most successful campaign so far?
I recently did a very successful one for a medical company. \ I always need convincing to take my yucky medicine
oh boy....I just screwed my whole life up and I want to die \ That's terrible. Hopefully things right themselves for you soon.
ugh I just want to crawl into a hole. my whole school knows too \ The plus side about schools is that someone else will do something that everyone will focus on soon enough.
I am looking forward to getting a promotion. I have to hire 3 people. \ Oh wow more responsibility! I bet the pay raise will be welcome
Yes, a couple more levels and it will be easier. \ Sweet! Sounds like a good job. How are the bosses?
One time my friend dropped something heavy on my favorite guitar \ Was the guitar okay?
It had a huge dent but, sounded fine. I was pretty mad but, I could tell it was an accident \ I stepped on my uncle's fishing pole, kinda hard to tell if it catches fish worse or not.
i love my wife because she's loyal and she always takes care of me. \ thats a wonderful thing how long have you been married?
for over 5 years now.  \ very nice its always good to find a faithful and loving woman
when i was younger I did something I was very embarrassed about \ we all make mistakes , what's important is to learn from them! and you were young so it's okay you know?
yeah it was something a stupid kid does, I went into a comic book store with a friend and tried to steal a lot of comics but we were caught and I learned it was bad to steal \ it's good that you learned from your mistake!
The most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. I'm glad it's all over. \ holy cow! Why did she go to jail?
Some old stuff from 2 years before but court was appointed this late! \ I'm glad y'all were able to make it through such a hard time.
Do you ever think you know someone and then you go to their house and find out their a HOARDER@ \ Woah, I never had that happen to me.
It came as a total shock! She would have been the last person I thought would be a hoarder \ Yes, we can truly not judge people because unless you are very close with a person you can't know their full story!
It was really tough to watch my father struggle with cancer. When he got the diagnosys I was devastated for him. \ I am sure that was difficult.  How is he now?
He passed away. At least he is no longer in pain. \ I am so sorry for your loss.  It can be a relief to know he isn't in pain.  I felt the same way when I lost my Aunt last year.  She was like a mom to me.
My son wanted the tips of his new hair curt dyed blonde to start school. \ How did the school feel about it? Don't they have strict rules about that?
It didn't seem that it would be a problem, since it wasn't a crazy color.  But, we ended up in the salon after I turned it orange by mistake lol. \ That's funny and unfortunate at the same time. I really hope your son was okay and not too traumatised by the experience!
My wife is the best thing to happen to me since sliced bread \ That's awesome! Tell me about her.
i've been with her for 10 years and she's wonderful mother and wife and always puts her family first \ Aw, that's great to hear about happy marriages! I hope you tell her often how much you appreciate her!  I'm sure you're a great husband too.
We took a big leap of faith with our teenage son this weekend. We left him home overnight alone for the first time. \ Wow, that would have scared me, how did it go?
It went great! He's such a responsible kid, and we felt confident he would treat our home with respect and wouldn't have a party or anything like that! \ that's good I have 2 teenage daughters and dread the idea of leaving them by themselves
I have been a teacher for over 10 years. But have only taught the little kids. This year my district moved me up to the high school. \ That's a really big change, are you nervous?
I was- Monday was my first day. My goal was not to make a fool out myself. \ 10 years of teaching experience, I'm sure you'll end up having a great year! Don't stress too much.
I had a cat that I loved so much and one day I came home and I found out he had been ran over. \ Oh no! Did someone let it out?
They must have. I couldn't believe what I was seeing... \ How old was he?
our company is firing people, and everyone is very sad to go \ Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. It's stressful. I hope your job is safe?
mine is good, i just feel bad for the people who got fired you know? \ Totally. I can't imagine losing my job. Luckily the economy is pretty good, so maybe they will find new jobs quickly. 
I got into a fight with my brother this weekend. I said some things I shouldn't have said.  \ if you regret what you did you should go apologise for you said to him!
I did apologize but I still can't shake the feeling that I went too far. I'm not proud of how I acted at all.  \ i hope he can forgive you and help you forget about what you said.
I was so naive and trusting in the past and people took advantage of me a lot. I'm a lot more careful now. \ you'll need to be careful around me then. I'm the type of person who takes advantage of people
I am careful around everybody. But I appreciate the warning. \ yeah but maybe we'll fall in love instead?
well, I have faith that everything will turn out okay today. it's a big day \ Why? What's happening today? 
getting the results back on whether I have lymphoma or not. but I've been having positive dreams all week and know I'll be ok \ Oh, my goodness. I really hope you're right and that the results come out negative.
don't you mean positive?? are you trying to jinx me?? \ You want cancer results to come out negative for cancer, not positive for it.
i'm moving out from this house and it's just very emotional. \ Why are you moving?
well, my university is in a different city so i'm leaving everyone here to follow my dreams. \ I would feel emotional too with such a big transition in life. I am sure you will enjoy university though
I just had a job interview that went really well. I'm expecting a call pretty soon. \ that's amazing! what kind of job is it?
It's a statistical analyst job. \ i'm glad your interview went well, and i really hope you get that call soon!
i play in a band and recently we had a concert and played to the most appreciative audience ever \ thats amazing. where was the concert? and how many people were participated?
well, it was a rock concert, and there was so many people over 1000! \ cool!! even i wanted to learn guitar.. but have no time for it
i kept my friend's wallet which he'd forgotten at m y place and i felt trustful \ did he came back to take it?
no. whenever we meet i will handover to him \ you are a trustworthy person, glad he forgot it at your place not somewhere else
i'm always scared that something bad will happen in my life. \ I think a lot of people feel the same, it's natural. Is there anything in particular that you're scared of happening? 
i am always scared that i can't control a lot of things that happens in my life  \ There is a lot you can't control in life though. If you focus on the things you can control, then it might stop the negative feelings about things you can't control
when my Grandparents died, I was extremely upset for a few months \ were they close to you? 
I was really close with my Grandpa on my father's side. I used to spend every summer with them when I was as child  \ that makes sense why you got upset but in the end we're all gonna follow them and you never now you may see them again
wow, my son has completely let me down today \ I'm sorry about that. What did he do?
he's a senior in highschool, and I just found out that he cheated on his homework and tests. every single one of them, for 4 years \ Wow, well he will have to learn his lesson before he will get a job or go to college. That won't work there.
I thought my wife had umbilical hernia. Which is a serious health condition. Doctor told her she might die or end up in an ER!  \ well I mean...does she really? or do you just think she does
No! The doctor was completely wrong and it was a misdiagnosis which we thought it was but there was also this fear. \ well you should be more worried about dying in a car accident, because that's 10x more likely. drive safe
When I was offered the job of my dreams, I knew I had everything I could ever need. I finally felt content in my life. \ that's great, what kind of job was it?
I was hired to work at a children's hospital in my city. It really made waking up in the morning worth it every day. \ That's great, my one son spent time in a childrens hospital and the care was fantastic could not have been happier with them
My whole world revolves around my family they make me very happy \ That is so heartwarmingly sweet. I know exactly how you feel since my family means the world to me as well.
they are my reason to live for sure, I don't look forward to my kids growing up and moving out \ It's true they grow up so fast. This is why we should appreciate every second we have with them.
I have always homeschooled my kids. \ That's really interesting. Do you think it benefits them learning from you rather than qualified teachers? 
Well, we put them into the local public schools this year and even though its so scary for me, they are loving it! \ I suppose as long as they're happy that's the main thing! It probably benefits them being around other kids their age?
I have been in my job for 3 years now, and I feel quite comfortable and happy here \ What do you do?
I am a project manager. I started off very junior, and now I have worked my way up in the company \ Oh wow- Do you have a college degree?
Got asked to my boss' office. Thought I was getting bad news but turns out I was offered a promotion. \ Nice. Did you take it?
I definitely did! \ Nice did you take it?
I have studied and am sure I will pass the test. \ Good luck! Do your best. you sound well prepapred.
I expect an A. \ I hope you get it!
as a writer i prefer to always be alone \ I see, being alone can be fulfilling to. It all depends on the kind of person you are.
i agree with you, i get a lot of inspiration when i'm alone. \ Yes, we can discover our inner worlds whenever we're alone!
I remember I remember when I had my little Labrador puppy. But I had to give her away. \ why? i had the same thing happening to me with my dog. is she somewhere safe though?
Yes she is safe. I was pretty young back then and already had another dog. Couldn't keep both unfortunately. \ that's okay. you can always get yourself another dog.
 "Am very happy to have the best family in the world". \ That's amazing, It's always nice to get on with your family! Have you always got on with them? 
Yes, we understand ourselves and know our boundaries. we are always happy  \ that's so nice to hear. I have always been very close with my family too, but I have friends who aren't and it's horrible
When I had to clear out my old bedroom when I left home, I really found it hard to throw away a lot of the stuff in there! \ Why do you find it hard to throw away old stuff
Just thinking of all the good times I had with toys / books etc when I was a child! Even though I wouldn't use these things again, it was still hard to throw away  \ So what are you planning to do
I made a girl pregnant without marrying her, I feel so terrible because I am a very religious person \ Well, if you provided for your child's care then you shouldn't feel bad. I mean, this isn't the dark ages.
I need to go and confess my sins if not I won't be able to deal with the burden \ I am sorry you feel so bad about it. I sincerely believe God will forgive a truly repentant heart.
I loved going trick or treating with my daughter. It used to get me so eager and excited every year. \ That's so good. How old is she?
She just turned 18. She doesn't like to trick or treat as much. \ I know how you feel. Congrats on raising a young adult
I got really drunk on my birthday this year, and couldn't remember what I did. It was very awkward meeting my friends the next day \ Oh no, I've had that happen before, it is the worst. I hope it wasn't too bad for you!
It  wasn't that bad in the end, but it was the fear of not remembering anything!  \ I understand that all too well! I'm glad it wasn't too bad though. I've had some pretty embarrassing things happen while hungover.
I felt comfortable and at ease with a new friend, she took the time to help me learn and be comfortable doing something new. \ that's really nice - it's always amazing to have friends who you feel comfortable around. What was the new thing your friend made you do? 
She had me go rock climbing with her at her gym. It was so scary at first! \ Oh wow! I like getting out of my comfort zone and doing new things, it's such a thrill. Especially rock climbing - I had a friend who made me do it once too
I got really drunk on my birthday and was horrible to one of my oldest friends, i felt awful \ did you apologise to him? maybe next time try to not drink a lot so you can control yourself?
I did apologise to him the next day, and I had a lot of making up to do. I don't usually get nasty when I drink alcohol, but this has made me be more careful  \ i'm glad it made you more aware of what you're doing.
i hate when people tell me what to do \ Do you hate when anybody tells you what to do, or just figures of authority? 
i don't think anyone should have the power or the right to tell you what's good for you if you didn't ask for help. \ would you feel better if it was in the form of advise, instead of point blank telling you to do something? 
The future looks bright though right now things are not going as i had planned \ What are you going to do to change that?
Keep doing my best in whatever i do. I'm sure all shall be well. \ Keep your head up high, good positive thinking.
I found an abandoned cat in an alleyway yesterday. \ What did you do to it?
I took it home with me, I felt bad for it. \ You are such a sweet soul. They say adopt and rescue ,don't buy
When I gave a best man speech at my Dad's wedding, I knew that I was going to do well and make everyone laugh \ I wish I could have heard your speech. it must have been really funny.
I don't think anybody recorded it which is a shame! My Dad loved it though which is the main thing  \ I hope he had a wonderful wedding. He must have been proud of you.
Unlike many of my friends I was confident when I went to job interviews and I always got the job. I guess I was lucky. \ I think if you're confident in yourself, you can talk yourself into most jobs. You should give yourself more credit and not say you were lucky! 
I guess you're right and I appreciate the way you look at this. I did have the right qualifications, so maybe that boosted my confidence. \ I think so too! I think people should have more confidence in themselves, but you always focus on the negative things more than the positive! 
I've been eating pizza almost every day lately and I'm satisfied with it. I have no shame. \ I'm so jealous, I would eat pizza every day if I could! What's your favourite pizza? 
I like any kind honestly. But Hawaiian wins my heart! Pepperoni is good too. \ I'm not a fan of pineapple on pizza!! Pepperoni is by far my favourite 
The last interview I went to, I studied the company, as well as the role. I felt like I had all the info I needed to succeed \ Did you get the job? Or you're still waiting on the response?
I did get the job - the company were really impressed with my knowledge of what they did, and my enthusiasm for the role  \ You must be really proud of yourself. That sounds really fulfilling!
I recently moved to a new city. I left behind some good friends. \ you can always make new friends, and talk to your old friends at the same time!
That's very true. It'll just take some time. \ yeah but you never know , you may make life changing friendships so be patient!
when i left my family's house to study in another city i got upset. \ I'm sorry to hear that. What are you studying?
i'm studying biomed, it's gonna be worth it. \ It certainly will.
i am loyal to my wife and i'll always be. \ That's an amazing attitude. Not many people are like that nowadays.
i don't get it why people cheat and hurt each other, but i suppose because they are never happy with what they have and only feel grateful for it after they lose it. \ Crazy world we live in.
Summer starts next week, and I got A's in all my classes this year. \ well if this isn't a great start for summer i don't know what is
I wouldn't change a thing in the world right now. \ of course you won't, have an amazing summer!
When my ex girlfriend cheated on me, I was so angry \ Oh it can really hurt
At least it wasn't with a close friend - it was someone I didn't know. At least i didn't have to be angry with 2 people i knew!  \ Its fair that way
Someone slapped me, I got so mad \ Oh wow, was in unprovoked? 
I didn't step on her intentionally, that was a temper issue \ Did you try to apologise before she hit you, or did you not have time? 
My son is starting his senior year.  I am finding myself feeling so emotional about it.  \ You must be having bitter ,sweet emotion.I remember my mom was also emotional when i left boarding school for the first time.
Yes, I have this feeling of excitement for his new adventure, but also worry. And I'm just going to miss him so much, he's a wonderful kid. \ But you can make arrangements such that you see him every weekend.
My younger sister who is 14 years is pregnant with her 16 years old boyfriend. Arrrgh \ Oh no, I am sorry to hear that. You must be very worried about her!
Worried least to say,teenage pregnancy with not best formal education. I'm lost for words. \ Oh gosh, all you can do is try to be there for her.  But yes, 14 is so young to be a mother. I'd be very upset too. I'm sorry.
When I played the new Crash Bandicoot remastered games, it made me remember the good times in my childhood \ Must have really brought back good memories. I love nostalgia.
It's great! I'm really looking forward to playing the new Spyro games too! \ It's a great thing these companies are doing letting you re-live the good old days when you're older!
Today I slipped when I was walking to class on campus. \ Oh no, how embarassing! Did anyone see? 
Yes! There was like 12 people near me! I couldn't believe my luck. \ I hate it when that happens! I hope you didn't hurt yourself, and that somebody tried to help? 
i had a fight with my mother and i said a lot of horrible things, i regret doing that. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Did you apologize?
i did, but everytime i think of how disrespectful i was, i just want to die. i hope he'll forgive me \ I think if you're respectful and state what you did wrong and how you'll fix it, she will forgive you.
So I was in a yoga class last week when something happened... \ what happened?
I bent over and my pants ripped! \ oh my god, how embarrassing was that? 
My wife have been with me through thick and thin for 30 years \ That is extremely loyal! You must have a really happy relationship? 
Yes we have 4 lovely girls, they are all graduates of Ivy league universities. 2 are married  \ It sounds like you really have had a good life so far! It makes me feel happy hearing good news stories like this 
I remember when I submitted my CV to a company, I couldn't wait to get a response, hoping that it was positive! \ How did it eventually go?
I got the good response I was anticipating. I put a lot of work into my CV, and the application, so I was very happy with the result  \ Congratulations on a new job
I studied very hard before exams. I tried to make sure I was always prepared.  \ That's so nice of you. Hardwork pays
Yes, being prepared was always important to me. It did pay off as you say. \ Oh yeah, you must be a brilliant student
Last year during my birthday, I received a gold necklace \ That's so nice. Who was it from?
From my Grandma, so surprising,  \ That was really nice of her to get it for you. She must love you very much.
I went to the public toilet and went out with a toilet paper sticking out of my pants... \ Oh no! That's awkward. Are you able to laugh about it now?
Yeah sure, it was years ago! \ Ha, that's good! I've had so many embarrassing things happen. We all have!
I've been married for 30 years. I love my husband but I kind of miss the fun of flirting and dating someone new. \ Oh, maybe that's a sign to bring fun and adventure in your relationship?
Probably so! I am very loyal and I would never cheat on him! He's a good guy.  \ That's good, there is a lot of ways to make the relationship alive and interesting!
I was upset not to get a response back from a company that I applied for a job at \ Oh no, I am sorry to hear that. That really sucks, maybe you can reapply soon?
I suppose I could, but I'm not sure I want to apply again as they didn't treat with any respect, and ignored my application  \ I can understand that. I think the next company you apply for will be your time to shine!
I missed my good friend's birthday party last month because I was too busy and forgot. \ That's such a shame! Were you honest with your friend, and did they forgive you? 
I was honest, they were still upset which makes me feel bad. I tried to make it up to her. \ If she is that good a friend, I'm sure she'll forgive you soon enough. 
I hope that she does, it made me feel awful. But here's to good thinking and positive vibes, she will come around! \ sending my positive vibes to you too! Fingers crossed! 
my cat died last week, and i can't get over it. \ Oh I'm so sorry. Losing a pet is never an easy thing.
especially if that pet is the only things that you have. \ I hope you have some friends and family that you can rely on to cheer you up. I'm sorry about your cat and I hope you know you gave it a good life!
I went skydiving a few years ago. It was a rush! \ skydiving is insane to me, how did it go? what reminded you of it?
It went really well! I really want to do it again. I went tandem with the instructor and really had to have faith he knew what he was doing! \ it's always good to have a professional help with this kind of things, glad you had fun!
Earlier this year I was going through a very hard time with the illness of a family member. Out of the blue, my dog died. \ That's incredibly sad, I'm so sorry for your loss. How long had you had your dog? 
I had him about 7 years. I loved him so much and having him die when he did was more than I could take at that moment.  \ Do you have close friends and family that can help to support you through this time? 
My Parents tried to make me eat some gone off food once, It made me really ill \ Oh no! I confess I have done that to my kids!
I have too now that I have kids of my own!! I think that the use by dates on food are more of a guideline, and so far they haven't got ill!  \ Ha, that's good! Mine haven't gotten sick from it either. I just hate to waste food!
Last week we were at an amusement park and I cant believe my little brother got on the roller coaster with us. He's usually afraid of heights. \ Oh man I would have terrified I hate being up so high. He sounds really brave!
I know, he usually never goes on dangerous rides. \ Did he go on anymore after that?
My son got spaghetti all over himself at dinner at a restaurant one night. \ Well he's young, so you can't really fault him.
I didn't really care too much. I had remembered to pack him an extra set of clothes though. \ That's good. You seem like a great parent.
i was shattered by the news today, seeing all those innocent die made me very sad \ Oh, No! What caused so many innocent deaths?
arabic countries always have unfair government and war going on which make me question , why are they doing this? \ I think war is universal. The causes are many.
I cooked a big turkey and served it to my in-laws. I embarrassed myself because it was terrible in the end. \ did they anything mean to you? 
No. But I used sugar instead of salt. It wasn't good. \ oh, it was an accident, and it's alright. as long as you make sure that you use the right seasoning next time. it's all gonna be okay.
I've had a slight financial struggle recently. I  don't see a way out of it.  \ How did you get into this situation? 
My girlfriend has gone a little crazy with spending frivolously.  \ well I think she should be the one to get you out of it! Otherwise perhaps you could see a financial adviser. They might be able to help you consolidate your debts 
I think I've hadhad an epiphany. After not being serious about religion ever, I may have to turn it over to God...  \ Well I have never heard of God helping with financial situations but perhaps if you pray and scrape together enough money for a ticket to Las Vegas all your troubles will be gone
Lol... I went to a Christian school. Never cared before  but now I'm 47. Maybe He can just give me a quick loan???  \ This is a lot to ask for. I recommend going straight to the pope for something of this magnitude
I sent a parcel to my cousin recently and it never arrived. It cost me $50  \ Wow! Some delivery driver must be excited about their latest acquisition! 
I did think that it had probably been stolen but I try to see the best in people so I hoped it had just been delayed. That was 2 months ago and it still has not arrived. Maybe it is time to move on \ I didn't mean to sound so flippant. That is a lot of money to lose. Was the item itself expensive also?
yes it was a gift for his wedding. I have contacted the delivery service but they have thousands of parcels and it takes a long time to locate a single one. I don't know what to do next \ Well, I hope they can trace it for you. Better late than never. I wish you good luck with that! 
I had a quiz yesterday and I went through it like nothing. \ Amazing, did you revise for it, or are you naturally clever? 
I studied all week for it. I came prepared. \ That's cool - I never had the concentration to study that much 
I thought I saw a ghost once in my old apartment, it scared the hell out of me!  \ Oh man, I would have moved out the next day.
Yeah it wasn't long before I did move out! I never believed in ghosts until then, and it still creeps me out!  \ I don't blame you. I've never seen one before, I'd hate to see one.
i am satisfied with my current life. \ I'm really glad to hear that! That's one of the best feelings I think!
it is, because being grateful for what you have is better than everything. \ I very much agree! Being grateful is important, it keeps you level headed and grounded in life!
A tornado hit our home and destroyed it, as well as our car. \ oh god, that sounds horrifying, are you and your family okay?
Yes we're okay thankfully no one was hurt, just all our belongings destroyed. We rebuilt and have come a long way since then! \ that's great, glad you managed to make everything okay afterwards, that must've been a lot of hard work!
A 10.2 magnitude volcanic eruption shattered my neoghborhood.I lost a fortune! \ Oh, my goodness! Are you and your family safe though?
Yeah ,miraculously1 \ That's a relief. You have the people who matter safe and sound, the stuff can be replaced in time.
MY wife racked up a lot of debt on our credit cards which put us in a lot of debt. I am furious with her. \ Well,shes your wife after all
Yes, but irresponsible with money. We have a child to provide for together. \ Thats women for you.Where you frugal with money?
I got arrested when I was younger, and I was so scared in the back of the police car \ Oh no. May I ask what you did wrong?
I got caught drinking under age. I got off without being charged, but it was very scary!  \ Where did they take you? Back to your parents or to the police station?
They took me back to my parents, but I think they just wanted to give me a bit of a scare!  \ Did it work? Did you ever do it again?
I didn't do it for a long time, but I eventually did as I got a bit older  \ Well try to stay out of trouble now you are a bit older!
I won a 10k race on the weekend \ Oh amazing! How long were you training for, and how many people did you beat? 
I trained for 2 months and beat 300 people to get the gold. It was a very humid day so everyone struggled but I can only run in my lunch break when it is hottest so I was used to it \ That's incredible, well done! I injured my knee a few months back, so haven't been able to run since then. so frustrating
The dog I grew up with died a few years ago. I was really sad about it. \ Aaawww,  I'm sorry you had to go through that
Yeah I don't live near home any more so I wasn't able to say goodbye. Losing a pet is always pretty hard. \ It is really hard to deal with  Especially if you aren't nearby. Sounds like you really miss your sweet beast! 
I'm 47 years old and have been taking psychotropic meds for well over 30 years. I'm having more and more trouble with them working properly. It's happening a lot now. I'm at my wits end \ Oh I'm sorry you are going through that. Have you tried to go back to your doctor and discuss making some changes?
Oh yes.. We've made quite a few changes over the past few years  They don't seem to work like they did in the past  Not as well, nor as long. Very scary \ I hope that you can find a solution to help with that. Good luck!
When my dad told me he was getting married, I was over the moon \ were you happy for him? or did you get sad because you didn't want that to happen?
I was delighted for him, his new wife is so great for him, and she's always been really cool to me  \ that's great, i'm glad she's nice to you.
yesterday i ran into an old friend and i was so surprised he changed a lot. \ That must have been so nice for both of you. Had he changed for the better?
yes , he just isn't the same anymore, it felt like i'm talking to a completely different person. \ People do change a lot when they grow up. I met an old school friend the other day, and they were awful now! 
 When I got told that I had a new job, I was over the moon \ That's wonderful news, congratulations! Are you going to celebrate?
I am definitely going to celebrate! It is my dream job  \ I am so happy for you. You should get a nice dinner with your family.
I was really disappointed when the bank told us our loan wasn;t approved. Now I can't buy our dream house. \ Oh that's so sad, i'm really sorry about that. Is it possible to apply for a loan again in the future for the same house? 
Not with the same bank. That house will be long gone by then anyway, unfortunately. \ that's such a shame. I'm sure something similar will come up soon though 
I stole money from my dad once, i felt terrible for ages \ did he find out?
He did eventually, I actually told him when the guilt got too much for me  \ thats good you told him. Thats a lot to keep inside. Hopefully he wasnt mad
yesterday at work some guy ran his work truck into our building \ oh no, what a nightmare! Was anyone injured? 
no thankfully it was just the cover out front but it destroted it \ That's good then, as long as no one waa hurt! was he drunk? 
I trust so easily, I love dating guys that don't go after women \ That's cool, a good relationship is based on trust 
Oh yeah, being trustworthy can make both of you go a long way \ Have you always been very trusting? 
I cheated on my ex girlfriend, and I felt bad about it ever since \ Ohhhh, that is so bad. Why did you cheat?
I got drunk - i felt really guilty about it \ Oh no, sorry about that. But have you confessed to her
My neighbor recently had a baby! I brought her and her family a ton of food. \ I like food.  What kind?
I had brought her some chicken for sandwiches, lasagna, hot dogs with buns, Powerade, and also a dessert of strawberry cheesecake. \ That is a legit lunch.  Solid choices.  A+  would eat.
I never miss making coffee in the morning and delivering it to my wife in bed. \ Aw that is very kind of you. I love morning coffee!
She needs it otherwise she won't get out of bed. \ Haha! I think a lot of people can probably relate to that. I'm sure she appreciates it!
When i proposed to my girlfriend, she said yes! I was so happy \ well that's great news congratulations, how long have you known each other?
We have known each other for 7 years, and been dating for 5 - felt like the right time \ that's good that you put a lot of effort into it
I remember when I was in my 20's I was so drunk that I accidently went into the womans rest room \ haha, amazing! did you get shouted at?
No but a lot of people saw me do it and my face went beet red \ That's really embarassing! did any of your friends poke fun at you for it? 
My daughter called and said she had bad news for me which made me apprehensive. She apparently scratched the car. \ oh no. How bad was it?
It was a big scratch but easily fixed with a pain job. She got me anxious over such a nothing thing, though. \ I can see how it would make you anxious. 
I feel alone most of the time and I kinda enjoy it \ Is it because you are surrounded by people most of the time? I get that way sometimes too, so I can relate.
At work I am, so when I get home I am perfectly fine being alone \ It is good that you enjoy your alone time. Sometimes we just need a little "me-time".
I really love being scared, but I'm also a chicken. My friends convinced me to go to a haunted house! \ That sounds like so much fun! Were you scared?
I was terrified! At first I was so excited, but once we got there I didn't know if I wanted to go in! \ My daughter got scared of haunted house once. It was hilarious, but I sympathise with her and you.
My kitten caught a cockroach in my kitchen last night. She then proceeded to try and eat it in front of me which was disgusting. \ Yuck! At least the cockroach isn't in your kitchen anymore! My cats like to catch mice and bring them to the front door.
That's awful! I had to leave the room, I couldn't watch. \ I wouldn't have been able to either! It's super gross!
I work at a milk plant and today my coworker left early on me. He's always leaving me with tons of work to do! \ Oh I bet that is frustrating!  Can you report it to someone?
I have a team leader who I can try to report it to but he always seems to brush me off. It's getting old at this point! \ I would feel the same way.  Perhaps you could mention it to your co-worker nicely and they will take pity on you.  
I wanted to buy a vacuum and finally found it on sale. \ What kind of vacuum is it? I bought a Dyson recently and I love it!
It was a Dyson!  I have a regular one, but it was the cordless one.  But I was with a friend and she picked it up first.  It was the only one! \ Those vacuums are amazing and are one of a kind. You should get it!
I was pregnant with my son and my husband would bring me chocolate shakes home every night. I would get so excited for him to be home with it! \ That's so sweet Literately. He seems like a nice guy 
He's the best! I had such a craving for chocolate. Plus it didn't hurt that we lived right down the street from Dairy Queen! \ Nice! you are a lucky lady. 
I am depressed most of the time. Im going to therapy and taking meds. I feel like im broken \ Oh I'm sorry that you are going through that. Have you discussed changing your medication up with your doctor?
We have changed it multiple times and nothing is really working. Its so frustrating. I just want myself back and I cant have him \ I hope one day you can find a solution and get back to being the old you.
I saw my stepmother for the first time in 15 years since my daddy passed away. It was totally unplanned and It was quite a shock to see her.  \ Oh wow, It must have been quite an overwhelming experience for both of you
Most definitely. It brought a lot of pain to the surface that I thought I had gotten past. I seem to be dwelling a bit now.  \ Congrats because I know you will definitely overcome the pains
I  provide for a family of 8. It's tiring but rewarding \ Wow! The struggle is real. I hope you're not too tired and stressed. I wish you luck for being so selfless! 
I love my wife alot, we had a set of twin 3 times in a row so the children are 6 plus myself and her all 8 \ Do twins run in your family or are you just lucky? I mean that seriously, not sarcastically 
I got lucky :)  \ That's awesome! You won the kiddo lottery! I wish you all the best of health and happiness!!! 
Hello. I just wanted to say my dog died today and it's been absolutely devastating for me. He was my best friend. \ that's sad I hate to hear that how long did you have him
Over 12 years. He was a boxer and was the best dog I've owned. He was the happiest of dogs and totally loyal. \ I love boxers they are so cool looking do you plan on getting another one?
I need new carpet for my house so I cannot wait to get my income tax return this year \ What happened exactly? Is it just old and moldy?
no its just 17 years old and needs to be replaced \ At least you got your moneys worth! Are you going to have it installed?
I finally got promoted! It's been a rough 5 years but I got it! \ Oh wow! Congratulations on getting promoted, that is awesome!!
I've had to put up with so much red tape and it finally paid off today! Thank you so much! \ I bet, that's usually how it goes, but so glad to hear of your promotion. I bet you're super happy!
I wanted to make my husband feel better since he was sick for a few weeks. I made him soup, rubbed his back, and ran him hot baths. \ You are the best wife ever! I can't believe how lucky he is!
Thank you! I wanted him to know he is cared about and that I wanted him to feel better. I would want the same done for me! \ What did he get sick with? I hope it's not contagious! 
I remember growing up and having some really good family vacations \ That is so lovely
yes I had a good childhood with wonderful memories even though we didn't have a lot of money \ Memories are good to be kept in the medulla. Good old days. You really had a good time
I was to check my name on the list of students that passed, I got so tensed \ oh yeah, did you end up passing?
I passed, but it was not easy for me, because the exam so so difficult \ I remember those day's and do not miss them
Someone tried to break into my house last year. I was pretty scared. \ That's terrifying!  Did they catch the guy?
Yes. Lucky for me he didn't get into the house. \ I'm so sorry.  How are you coping?
I defended my thesis last year, with a raging ear infection. \ You must have been in so much pain. How did you manage to endure it?
Lots of Advil.  Thankfully, my adviser had prepared me really well.  I wasn't even nervous. \ It great you were confident despite your illness. It's a sign of good character.
I love camping! I'm going down to the beach this weekend and going to sleep out there for a couple of days! \ That is awesome and sounds like so much fun! What are you most excited for?
Getting a tan! My skin has barely seen the sun all summer long, I'm ready to bask in the sunlight! \ I can relate! I love to tan and haven't had the chance to yet either!
Starting yoga recently has left me feeling a ton better about my body and the way I can move! \ I really want to try Yoga! Would you say your back feels better? This sounds so fun!
My lower back feels a ton better since starting yoga, I love it! \ I'm jealous! I wish I could try it out for myself. How long have you been doing it now?
When I proposed to my wife I knew she was going to say yes I just felt it \ Aw. When you know, you know. How did you do it?
I was rather cheesy and proposed to her on christmas  \ I bet it was really special though! Christmas is such a beautiful time of year. When are you getting married?
My husband and I recently got a new puppy! We haven't had a puppy in such a long time. \ oh that's awesome what kind of puppy did you get?
We got an 8 week old Cane Corso. We have 2 other dogs, but they are getting older, so we thought now would be the perfect time for a new puppy. \ that's too cool I would love to get a puppy some day
So it's been raining a lot lately after being relatively dry. I wanted it at first but now its destroying my garden. \ That's awesome rain is good
Rain would be good at first, but like I said it's oversaturated my crops and mold and mildew has set in. \ oh no. so what do you do in such instance?
I am a little bit uncomfortable with knowing that my Ex has HIV \ Oh my goodness thats terrible. How did you find out?
the sister told me. I think I will go and check my status as well \ I believe that's for the best. You should get regularly tested after this. I hope the best for you.
When I was younger I slept in the attic of what everyone thought was a haunted house. There'd be shadowy spectres and sounds all night every night. \ Omg, sounds creepy
It sure was. Once a light bulb hanging from the ceiling above my head shattered by itself. I ran out of the house immediately. \ I am glad you escaped it
I forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and I walked into the boardroom unknowingly \ Oh no, the dreaded fly being down for the big meeting. How'd it go?
I didn't realize until the meeting was ended \ Uh oh. I hope whoever saw it had a little chuckle then let it go. It's no big deal.
I felt so pity for the children I saw begging for food yesterday \ That's truly heartbreaking. Were you able to help them? 
Oh yes, I gave them some money, though I had little, really wished I had much \ Your heart was in the right place. It sad that children can't be fed in our world today. Maybe one day nobody will have to be hungry.
I was on my way home last night. I saw a lady on the side of the road hitchhiking. I wanted to pick her up.. \ So what happened then
My children were in the car so I decided to drive them home. I went back later but she was gone. \ OK, now I understand. Maybe she later got a ride home
My kid recited the periodic table of elements to me. It was amazing. \ Wow! How old is your child? That's very impressive!
She's only 12! I couldn't do that at her age. \ Wow! I can't even do that now! I bet you are very proud of her.
My parents always teach my toddler son the worst grammar. It is infuriating.  \ That's unfortunate. Maybe you can have a chat with them about it?
I have tried so many times. They just continue to do it.  \ That must be so infuriating. I'd get upset if it were me.
I won off a scratch off ticket! I have the absolute worst luck with these things too! \ Congratulations! How much did you win?
I won a hundred bucks! This never happens ever! \ Hey that's awesome. And you're right it doesn't, so live it up my friend!
I'm such a dummy, I left a door open in my car overnight and now the battery is dead. \ This happened to me! Don't feel bad, it happens to people such as us!
Yeah that's true. My wife had to take another car in this morning, I just hope she isn't upset with me. \ She'll forgive you eventually. You'll never make the same mistake again I promise you that!
I was getting excited about my upcoming birthday, I didn't know if my husband had planned a secret party! \ Has he given you any hints that he might be planning a party? That would be so much fun to be with all your family and friends in one place to celebrate you!!
He dropped a few but was careful not to ruin the surprise! When I came home on my birthday, 40 people surprised me! \ That is a lot of people!! You are loved and appreciated! Now, its time to start planning his suprise birthday
Thank you! I agree, he deserves a great surprise after this awesome birthday party he planned me! \ Husbands can be so thoughtful... You have a good one..
My grandmother was diagnosed with stage four cancer. I feel helpless. \ Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. That is awful and makes me sad. Have you talked to anyone about it?
I have spoken to our minister about the situation. It's hard to watch her go through this and there isn't much I can do. I can just love and take care of her. \ That's what you need to focus on is just giving her all of your love, she will cherish it. I'm so sorry you're going through this, I hope that you can find peace with the situation.
Thank you for the kind words. It gives me hope for the future.  \ I am glad, I hope you have a great day today!
My wife and I have been together for 7 years. Last night she went out with her friends but I know she would never cheat on me. \ Wow, that's so cool of you. You really trust her
Absolutely, she's always been good to me and has never given me reason to not trust her.  \ I really admire your love life. 
I lost a loved one last week, I felt like I was loosing my breath \ Are you ok? That's absolutely devastating. I hope you have people to confide in right now.
Yeah, my friends have been there for me. Not really easy though \ I hope things get better for you, you seem to be a good soul. I pray for your lose.
I don't eat carbs but I am still fat :( how come i am the only one that have to pass through this ? \ I'm sorry to hear that. While diet is most of it, exercise can play a role too. How active is your lifestyle?
Yes I just feel jealous that I am not seeing any improvements in my weight loss program \ I know it might seem like empty words from a stranger but just keep at it. Try as hard as you can to stay positive you will see results, trust me.
I applied for a home loan and I'm waiting to hear back on it. The waiting is driving me up a wall. \ can't you place a call to them?
I have. It's taking them extra long for some reason. All the scrutiny is making me run circles. \ I just think you should just be optimistic and patient
Wow, policy recently changed at work, not due to anything I did, and they are now paying me extra money! \ That's amazing! Congratulations. What was the policy that changed?
They changed how they pay per diem for long term stays.  They used to pay a percentage, but now they still pay the full amount. \ Well that's great for you. Everybody loves a little extra money!
I asked a friend I'd had for a very long time to be in my wedding. She agreed and then completely disappeared from my life. \ I'm sorry that's rough.  Did you ever find out why?
No, I didn't. I even offered to pay for everything for her since she had to travel. I guess she wasn't as good of a friend as I thought. \ I guess not, but I hope you still had (or will have if it hasn't happened yet) a great wedding!
A man followed me as I was walking home last night. I walked really fast to avoid him catching up with me. \ That is really scary. Did he ever catch up with you?
No. I got home safe and sound. \ Thank goodness. Do you know who he was?
In the relationships I have been in i have never cheated, I have suspicions that the guys I was with did though. \ That's too bad. Do you have proof of infidelity?
Not really, but my one boyfriend was always very flirty and liked hooking up with girls a lot \ It's good that you're faithful. Too bad your boyfriend couldn't be less flirtatious and respect you more.
I worked hard at winning a competition and ended up losing to my coworker, it made me pretty upset. \ How close did you lose by? I bet at the next competition, you'll wipe the floor with them.
I lost by underselling 40 boxes. I still am a bit upset that my coworker got it instead. Thank you, I hope so! \ Understandable, when you put so much work into something only to be eclipsed by someone else. Not a good feeling.
My father passed away over the winter and we are huge baseball fans. This is the first season not watching games with him. \ Oh my goodness that is so sad, I am sorry to hear about your father. Are you handling him being gone okay?
I am but baseball has kind of thrown it out of sorts. We really enjoyed going to games together when I was growing up. \ I understand completely. I hope that you can enjoy going to more games, and carry on his spirit when you go.
I always try. Thank you for lending an ear. \ Always!
I sneezed on my coworker by accident yesterday! She was horrified and doesn't talk to me anymore. \ Oh no! That is really embarrassing. Hopefully she can move on from it and you can laugh about it one day.
I hope so too! For now however it's awkward and embarrassing. \ At least it wasn't something you did on purpose. I'm sure it will blow over!
There are a couple barn cats that live on my property. One likes to bring dead mice to my front door! \ I think it's so weird that cats do that. It's like they are bringing us trophies or something!
I know! He does it all the time. I'm glad he's catching mice, but I don't need to see the bodies! \ Yeah I would be a little horrified too if my cat did that! I'm dying of laughter thinking about your situation.
Last week I was at the grocery store picking up body wash. There were so many to chose from, but I couldn't help but buy my trusted brand that has served me well for so many years. \ You gotta stick with what you know sometimes.
Yes, why try something new when what you have been using has worked so well.  \ That's right. There's so sense in deviating. 
I have so much to do today, but it's raining. I'm OK with just staying at home and doing nothing. \ I feel you there, I have a ton of stuff to do, but I can't get any of it done in this rain. 
It sucks. Maybe it'll be dry this weekend. \ I really hope so, I am not sure how much longer I can let my yard grow before it gets too wild. 
I am very certain about my girl's love for me \ That's so sweet. It's good to have that kind of faith in your relationships.
yes we have been together for 5 years now \ Congratulations. I hope you stay happy always.
I lost my cat and can't find her. She just disappeared one day and I don't know where she is. \ have you called any rescue center yet?
Yes and they said they have no record of a cat that matches her description. I miss her terribly. \ Lets hope it will trace the house back
My dog I had for five years just passed away. He was hit by a car last night. \ oh I am so sorry. That must be fresh on your heart, may he rest in peace.
It is just so sad to have my loyal companion taken away like that.  \ I can only imagine. I am so sorry. What was his name?
after quitting school for two years I am finally going back \ Oh wow, good for you. That education will help you the rest of your life! 
yeah I hope so it's exciting and scary at the same time \ It can be frightening, especially with all those new classmates and teachers. 
I saw my boyfriend speaking to his ex girlfriend at the store. The way she looked at him made me so mad.  \ Oh man, I would have been really frustrated. Does she know he is dating you now?
Of course, our town is so small. However, I could be letting my imagination get in the way. Gosh, her smirk is what made it worse. \ It's never fun to see your significant other around someone they used to date. At least he is with you now and I'm sure you have nothing to worry about!
I had to go to the car dealer to buy a new vehicle several years ago. I always get so nervous when I have to talk to the dealers. \ I totally understand the anxiety. You never know if they are baiting you or actually giving you a good deal. Did you get a new car?
Exactly. I always end up feeling like I'm getting ripped off. I did end up forcing my husband, who is better at deals, to come with me and we got a Jeep! \ I'm so happy you were able to get a dependable vehicle. I always have someone come with me as well. It's nice to have a second pair of eyes.
I'm having difficulties when I think about my father. He died one year ago and it's still hurting very much. \ I'm so sorry to hear about that, it must be awful. Do you have friends and family that you can talk to about this? 
Thank you for your kindness. My brother is around to listen but he lives a very busy life so it's hard to find someone to turn to. \ When my relatives have died, it helps me to remember the good times, and makes me smile instead of being sad
A new restaurant opened near my house, and it turned out to be really really nice \ What kind of food does it serve? Sounds wonderful!
It is a Spanish restaurant, and they serve Steaks and Fish chargrilled. It is my new favourite place to eat!  \ Surf and turf! That's what they called a steak served with seafood. It's very yummy!
I'm ready for hurricane season. I have my kit ready and everything. \ That is great to be prepared. Where do you live?
South Alabama, near the Gulf. \ Oh yeah, you definitely need to be prepared. Do you think you will get a hurricane?
I felt totally relaxed when I was outside watching my kids play in the pool. \ That's good, I love relaxing outside by a pool.
Yeah it was like I had no stress. \ That's always a good feeling.
I had a friend that was always there for me, he took me as a sister, I missed him \ Aw, he sounded like such a great friend! 
Oh yeah, but he died last month \ I am so sorry, that is so tragic. At least you have some good memories with him. 
I have been sick the last week and my wife has made my chicken broth soup every day! \ Wow, see enjoyment.
She is such a blessing to me and spoils me so much.  \ You are so lucky. Some men pray for that kind of wife
When I go out to a restaurant, I order gluten free food items.  I have to trust that the cook and server take my request seriously.  If not, my food could be "gluten free" but cross contaminated with foods that aren't and still make me ill. \ What kind of illness occurs if food is cross contaminated? I'm so sorry this happens to you.
If it's mild, just stomach pains for a few days.  If I were to say, eat a bun that was supposed to be gluten free and it was full gluten, my joints also inflame.  So you see it can affect more than just my stomach! \ You suffer from it more severely than most people I know, this can be devastating to people. 
When I met my girlfriend she had a 5 year old son. We have been together for years now and I consider him as my own child.  \ That is so sweet.  I really commend people who treat kids like their own, it's so important for a kid to grow up feeling like they have a lot of people in their corner.  I have a stepdaughter myself.
You know then how it feels to have a child that is not your own yet accept them and love them unconditionally. You're awesome! \ Yes, it's true in life too when you grow up, sometimes the best family has nothing to do with blood relations.
My 5 year old stated Kindergarten last week. She was really nervous and a bit scared so when I went to leave her she cried and clung to me. Her teacher pulled her away but she had ahold of my shirt and ended up pulling it down and exposing my bra and chest. \ Oh no now that's a sticky situation! How'd you manage?
I ran yanked her hands off, said I love you, and ran for it! To make matters worse Kindergarteners meet in the cafeteria for breakfast and becuase it was the first day I was exposed to a bunch of 5 year olds and their parents. I was mortified even though I don't think many noticed because of all the choas and crying kids. \ Yeah hopefully all the hoopla over the first day distracted everyone. I am sorry that happened to you though.
I just totaled my car recently. I had it for well over a decade, it was like a part of me. \ Oh man, I am sorry! I have been there, it sucks! Are you okay though?
I got a little whiplash but other than that I am fine. My pride is wounded though, I will really miss that car. \ I am glad you are okay. I wrecked my favorite car 3 years ago and I still miss it.
I needed to get a loan from the bank the other day. \ Oh really?  What was it for?
For my business.  It was stressful at first because they wanted so much information. \ Oh wow, I can only imagine.  Paperwork is not fun.  I hope you got it all done eventually!
We ordered 3 diet cokes with dinner the other night, and they all came out a different shade of coloring! \ Wow that is weird.  I love Diet Coke.  What was wrong with it?
I was concerned they were the wrong drink order, we lined them up and talked to the server and together figured out the syrup bag must be going empty! \ Nothing worse than a bad soda! lol.  I like the new Freestyle machines, it's always just right.
I felt so ashamed when I farted in a mall \ Thats aweful!
My friends were there, even my crush. It was so loud \ Uhmnnn!
My wife has been so supportive,we dont keep secrets \ That is great, that is the beginning of happiness
Sure it is,i can vouch for her fidelity \ Wow, that is true love
I found an awesome new gym by my house! \ Wow,  that's lovely. So you will start keep fit
Yes! The classes are great too! I'm thinking of trying yoga! \ It will help you,  even in blood circulation 
I got so embarrassed  when I farted in a mall,  my crush was just beside me \ Oh no! How did they react?
They all looked at me surprisingly  \ What did you do? I would just laugh it off.
My daughter kept talking to me while I was trying to work. I didn't get much done at all. \ That's a shame, I'm sorry. Does she have anything to keep her occupied while you work?
Yes, plenty of toys, books, TV, pets, homework. It's not easy getting any work done in my house. \ I believe that, a lot of people think because you're at home that you have time for things other than work.
We just got a new puppy! Our old dog passed away recently but this new one is such a pleasure to be around. \ I am sorry to hear about your dog passing away. But, I'm happy you have a new friend in the new one.
Thank you. Yeah he's been awesome! It feels good to have another animal that needs you. \ It's good you were able to find new companionship in your new dog. Congratulations on your new pet.
i don't like it when my girlfriend goes out without me, I feel insecure and feel like something bad will happen to her \ I hear you! Is she going out with her girlfriends?
a mix of guys and girls but they aren't a responsible group at all, which is what worries me. They don't take care of each other \ Ahh, sounds like a tough situation. Maybe you should try letting your girlfriend know how you feel.
I mean I do and she says she will be fine but I just don't like the situation. I know what bad things can happen \ She is a grown women so you cant tie her up or she will choke. I hope everything works out for you. 
My dog was chewing on dead frog. So gross!! I hope it was not poisonous. \ oh man dogs are crazy! My dog killed a cat recently, I hope it's not poison!! Is he okay?
He seems to be ok but if he start salivating then for sure there is poison. I will have to run to vet!! \ oh no, you are a good dog owner though
i farted in a board meeting \ How mortifying! Did anyone hear it? Did it smell?
well,you could guess the atmosphere changed with a loud bang..lol! \ Yikes! I can't even imagine how embarrassing that was.
My daughter just turned 11 and for her birthday we are taking her to Universal Studios for the first time. She is finally tall enough to ride all the rides. \ happy riding to your daughter
Thanks! She loves rollercoasters! I can't wait to take her. \ please do Asap!
I have this boyfriend,  he's so nice,  I promised not to cheat on him \ That's awesome, I hope he returns the favor as well.
Of course .We love each other \ That's amazing. Love is absolutely grand. I am happy for you two.
I've had a rough summer taking care of my kids, they've been so active. But school's starting back up and I'm ready to kick back. \ Oh yeah,  I've been there,  I really understand 
Thank you for your understanding. They're in a camp right now before they go back to school, so I've certainly been relaxing as of late. \ You will really have enough time to rest
My friend just sent me a box with bath bombs and a spa kit! \ That sounds wonderful!  Do you get to use them yet?
Yes! They are awesome and I feel so much better. \ I haven't had a chance to try bath bombs yet.  But my daughter in-law loves them.
So, I am embarrassed to say, but my daughter got in a ton of trouble the other day. \ Oh no! Kids do that sometimes. What happened?
She is 21 and makes her own grown up decision now.  And unfortunately got caught up in the wrong crowd. \ It's hard when they grow up. Hopefully she will learn from her mistakes.
Yes this is a big life lesson.  I was so mad at her.  She was in a car where someone had drugs.  Charged them all with possession. grrrrrr. \ Oh no! I would be angry too!
I am so stressed about it now, but I suppose kids just still do stupid stuff even when they are young adults. \ Yes, they do. It's a season of learning.
While cleaning out our closets, I always find some old item that reminds me how little the girls used to be.  Last time it was a cute pair of jeans in toddler sizing we saved to make "jean purses" out of someday.  My kid is 14 this week!!! \ aww. I understand you. That feeling is priceless.
It definitely triggers some emotions!  Then I'm torn between keeping it a little longer or finally purging. \ It's alright to feel such sentiments buddy :)
I got all it takes to pass my exams tomorrow \ Oh that sounds good!  I'm sure you studied lots?
Yes I am fully prepared \ That is excellent news.  You must be very proud.
When I bought my house I made sure I had everything all ready including my down payment \ Sounds like you are doing all the right things. Did anything go wrong?
no it took 2 weeks to close and no issues came up \ Oh that is great! Congratulations on your knew home! That must be so exciting!
I am so happy today because my peacocks just had 3 babies! They are so cute! \ that's the coolest thing ever I didn't know you could have them as pets
Oh yes! I have 3 adult females and one male. I have had them for 5 years. They have names and I can call them and they come running to me. They are cool pets. \ My kids would love something like that
I'm leaving on vacation next week. We will be in Florida. I have packed at least 3 bags..  \ hey that's not too bad how long are you going for?
Going for a week... Like the old saying, I've packed everything but the kitchen sink. You never know when you will need a certain item. \ lol hey a week is a reasonable time to pack three backs, I would do the same
i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and I didn't \ Wow, how did that almost happen? I would rethink my options.
someone i was involved with invited me over and they were very persistent... But I did not go \ Good keep temptations at a distance. You never want to mess up a good relationship over a one night stnad.
I hired someone to clean my house last week! \ Did they do a good job of cleaning your house?
It ended up yes, I was worried though because I wasn't home. \ That would make me nervous, you never know if they are looking through your things. 
Yeah but they had really good reviews and were reccomended to me by my neighbor. \ That helps a lot with the peace of mind. I am glad it worked out well for you!
I won't be so worried next time. \ It is nice when they can build up that trust with you!
My wife made me pancakes for breakfast. I have a full belly and feel rather happy now.  \ Yum!!! I love pancakes. Is it your favorite food too?
One of my favorite breakfast foods. She also made some thick sliced bacon. She treats me so well. \ That is great you have a sweet wife! 
For sure, no other woman I would rather have.  \ It is so great to hear about a happy couple :)
How can I complain when she gets up early to make me such a great meal! \ I bet she is a great cook!
My favorite cake stand that my aunt gave me was stolen. \ That's a shame. Do you know who stole it?
Yes, it was a moving company we hired, but I didn't have a way to prove it. \ Did they take anything else?
I found out recently that my school processed my financial aid paperwork improperly. So I won't be able to attend school this semester. \ Oh no. That happened to my sister last year. We were able to work out a plan, but she had to get a loan temporarily.
I recently had to declare bankruptcy, so that unfortunately isn't an option for me. \ That's no fun, but I hope everything works out for next semester.
I got that raise I asked for. I worked so hard to get it. \ Ok ,how much raise did you get?
A substantial one. It feels great! \ How much please?
Theres this particular staff of mine that i can rely on,others have disappointed me" \ Too bad you've been let down so often. I'm glad your new worker is satisfactory.
sure he is,i can vouch for his intergrity \ It's good to have someone so trustworthy. Congratulations.
I miss my old neighborhood. I had such fun there as a child. \ Do you still live nearby?
No, we moved away years ago. Unfortunately, my friends and I aren't in touch anymore. \ It's good that you have pleasant memories.  What was your favorite thing about the neighborhood?
I tried a new grocery shopping service called Shipt last week. \ Did you like it? What did you buy?
I ordered about $50 worth of groceries, just the basics.  But no, they ended up coming late. And, they forgot some items. \ That's too bad. I hope they didn't charge you for the items they missed.
I hate when it is storming it makes me so uncomfortable.  \ does it happen often in your part of the country?
Yes especially in the summer time storms are bad and hurricanes are at a high I hide under my covers lol. \ wow.  i can only imagine
i got cheated and broken up with last night I can't believe it. I'm so angry. \ I'm so sorry, you must feel terrible. It's their loss in the long run.
thanks but i am so full of rage. My pride has been hurt \ I can imagine you're very angry. You'll find someone better.
The other day I saw a kid at the park fall off his bike. He looked like he was in a lot of pain. \ oh man that's not good at all! Did he break anything?
No, He was ok. Just scratched up. I helped calm him down. \ oh that's really nice of you I am glad he's okay
My husband is my best friend. I am so glad I get to share life with him. \ It's awesome to have a partner like that. That's certainly why they call it "the other half."
Yes, makes day to day life more enjoyable.  \ I second that. Finding that eternal partner is one of the greatest joys a human being can experience.
It has been a wonderful journey over the last 10 years. \ Well I toast you to 10 more and beyond.
My family put me in charge of the thanksgiving turkey. Everything was going right and I was so pleased as punch to be in chage. \ How did it turn out?
Not good. I dropped it as I was about to serve it. The family dogs got to it almost immediately. \ Oh no! How awful! Did your Thanksgiving improve?
It did but my face was so red all night. \ I would be mortified!
Hello! We just moved to a new area of town. \ Cool! Where did you move too?
Just across town, not to far.  My 10-yr old had to start a new school. \ Oh, that does not seem like such hard work. It is fun to move into new houses. I like moving around.
I have moved so many times I can't count them.  We were worried he wouldn't adjust, but I just knew it would all work out. \ Oh good! So glad it is all working out. I will come by and say hi one day. Catch you later!
Lately I hav been hearing some big monkeys howling up in the mountain. I hope they don't come down near my house. \ Monkeys!!!??? I have never heard monkeys howl.  Tell me more.
It is hard to give you an example through text but it does sound like a monster in the mountains. Kind of scary! haha \ Where do you live that there are monkeys in the mountains?  I live in Florida, the flatlands. lol
I live in Florida too but have a second home in Mexico. They are in the jungles and are wild there. \ Sounds exciting.  But I would have been scared of howling monkeys too.  I am not sure why, but the term "howling monkeys" makes me giggle.
Haha, It is a funny situation. Chat with you later my friend! \ Bye! Watch out for those monkeys!
just heard I got the promotion I was hoping for. I think I am going to burst. \ oh that is so exciting!!! good for you man!
thanks, i thing I am going to celebrate when I get home tonight \ yeah pop that champagne!
i miss when i was in grade school, i didn't have to pay bills and worry about politics. The good old days \ i understand, life can do that to you, and looking back always bring fond memories
yeah it really does man. \ just think, today will be tomorrow's memories when looking back
I told my brother that I was planning to propose to my best friend, but I hope he keeps it a secret! \ That sounds exciting! Is he good at keeping secrets?
He lets things slip once in a while, but this is a pretty big secret so I have confidence in him. \ Fingers crossed for you!  I'm sure it will be fine.  Are you nervous?
I tried shopping at a new discount grocery last week. \ Oh! Did you find any good deals?
I thought they were good deals, until I got home and smelled some of the meat. \ Uh oh...Was it tainted? I wouldn't risk it...
i just recently registered for a flag football team, i just hope I am good and don't embarass myself \ Flag football is so much fun! What position would you like to play?
I would like to be a wide reciever or a corner, I am very tall and feel like I can hold my own. Hopefully. \ You could certainly bring some physicality to the position with your height. I say go for it!
My grandmother passed away recently. It's been really rough getting by without her, but she left our family her greatest quality, strength. \ that's really good... I am very sorry for your loss. It sounds cliche but it gets better with time
That's not a cliche at all! Thank you I need to hear these things to keep going. \ you're gonna be okay. It's been five years since I've lost mine. Just keep her close to your heart.
I have a friend who is struggling right now in her business.  I'm trying hard to be there to support and cheer her on. \ Being a business owner is hard. I'm sure she is grateful for your help.
RIght? Even if I can't directly affect her business, I can help keep her spirits up to weather the storm! \ Yes, mental and emotional support is the best kind of support.
My friend promised to take care of my pets while I was on vacation. \ That was so nice of them, what kind of pets?
Well, I had 2 dogs, 3 cats, and a hermit crab. \ Quite the little zoo.  What a great friend you have!
Yes, the hermit crab didn't make it though. \ I'm so sorry for your loss!
I am on vacation in Bali and I want to move here so badly. It is the most beautiful place in the world! \ That sounds awesome! What's your favorite part of your vacation so far?
I love hiking through the rice fields and the fruit here is out of this world!! \ What kinds of fruit do they have there?
My child was sick last week. I had to stay home with them. \ Oh, sorry to hear that. There is something going around these days. I hope they are better now.
They are much better! Since it was nothing serious it was nice to just be able to stay with them, cook good food, and get lots of cuddles. \ That sounds so sweet . Family time is the best!
university is starting soon and i never felt more ready in my life \ i know me too! Why are you ready?
because achieving my goals makes me prepared to deal with anything in life! \ yeah it does! Great job man I'm proud of you!
i bought all my school supplies for this semester already. I think I am good to go \ you are prepared more than ever !
i hope so! I'm ready to kick butt \ that's the spirit! always believe in yourself!
Have you ever tried to steam clean an antique rug? \ I have not, I feel like it should be done by a professional. 
Well I figured that out. I cleaned mine last night. They are clean but now they smell horrible! \ Oh no! Probably tons of years of dirt caked into the rug. Did you use the right cleaner?
probably not. I wish I would have just left them dirty. I have them airing out outside now. \ Maybe the dirt adds to the whole antique feel of them. 
LOL, yeah! so true. \ I hope you can find a solution that works for you!
I saw my neighbor bought the car I have always wanted. I wish I was in a a better financial position to buy one. \ What kind of car is it? 
Subaru Brat, best car ever made. Its like a car and a t ruck all in one.  \ ooh nice! just start to SAVE, SAVE,SAVE where ever you can and you will get there.
I know, it would look perfect in front of my double wide mobile home! There is a used one on the corner for $350. But that will take me months to save up.  \ Time goes by so fast. You'll see. 
Yeah, or I could buy more scratch offs at the gas station and hit it big.  \ LOL, well there is always luck!
I went down South with a really good group of friends about a month ago and it was the best time.  \ That must've been fun! What did you guys do?
We went boating and fishing. I had such a good time that when we got back I sent them a photo and wrote a note telling each of them how much I appreciated their friendship.  \ Oh that sounds like so much fun! sounds like you are very grateful for good friends! 
The other day i was in my car with the windows down singing. I didn't know anyone else was around. \ That sounds like a really lovely way to go somewhere in a car!
Haha I was horrified though. I never sing in front of people. \ On no! I'm sorry you were embarrassed, but I'm sure it sounded wonderful! 
i've been working on my game for months now, and i believe in my abilities and i believe that this game will do amazing! \ What game do you play?
i don't play games, i make games. \ Ohhhh. What kind of game is it?
I have a friend flying in from the other side of the country next week. \ wow, is it the first time you're gonna see him? is he going to stay at your place?
I saw her last year. She is going to stay here and we are going to go to Disney. \ sounds like you planned for everything! enjoy yourself! 
I am in the process of potty training my daughter, but when we go somewhere she still wears a diaper. The other day, we were at church and she took her diaper off in the middle of the service. \ I remember those potty training days!!!    I bet you were so embarrassed.
It was not one of our best moments. Luckily, she was wearing and long dress and I had extra diapers so we could remedy the situation. \ THank goodness you had extra supplies on hand.   My son was the hardest one out of my 3 kids to potty train.   I feel your pain!!
WHen I was about 13 years old I worked at a horse farm in exchange for lessons.  I would go there every weekend and all through the summer.   \ That's great that they let you work in exchange for lessons. I bet you have the best memories.
Yes I have very fond memories from those days.  I can still remember the smell of the farm and the smell of horses like it was yesterday.  I never wanted to wash the smell from my hands and I would daydream about owning my own horse someday. \ That's awesome. Do you own a horse now?
Studied for my math finals for days, felt very confident on the day of the test. \ That's awesome! Yeah I definitely find the more I study, the better I do. Funny how that works! 
Yeah, but theres a balance. study too much and you just burn yourself out \ True. There has to be a work/school/life balance. 
Next week I'm leaving the company I've worked for for 3 years and taking a totally new position at a new company. I'm nervous!  \ Thats awesome, never settle for less. Always strive for more!
Yes this is definitely an upgrade! I'm just going to be the "new" person and I really do like my current co-workers.  \ Well hopefully you can still maintain communication with them. It's normal to be nervous though, just go in confident
I ordered a new toy for my son online for his birthday. \ Oh, did you give it to him yet?
No, not yet. But, I can't wait to! He's going to have so much fun with it. \ That's so cool. I'm sure he will love it! Where did you get it?
I was in the market for a steam cleaner and did tons of research til I chose the best one. \ That's the best way to do it. Read before you buy.
Yep, and I used it yesterday for the first time. My carpets are so clean! \ It's amazing how dirty they can get, isn't it.
My dad got sick for a week and I stayed at home for a week taking care of him \ Well I hope he gets to felling better.
He's better already but he got a real bad fever during that week \ You should keep an eye on him older people are more prone to getting sick.
Have you ever been overcharged for something you weree told was only one set price? \ yes, my internet provider is notorious for that
Yea well I bought a dog from the dog pound and they over charged me by $50 and I was really upside by it. \ oh wow, did they justify the overcharge? i'd dispute it
My husband got a nice raise at work! \ That must have been a good thing did y'all celebrate.
We're gonna have to celebrate by making larger student loan payments haha.  But we're happy all those long hours are paying off! \ hard work should pay off nice to hear about some one getting back after they put in congratulations.
Have you ever let some one borrow you car? \ Yeah, my cousin actually borrowed my car to take his driving test
I let my brother borrow mine and he brought it back and it looked like it had been wrecked and i got real upset with him. \ I don't blame you!  He should have been more responsible.
4 \ What?
I was taken by surprise this morning when I went out back on my lanai. \ Omg, what happened?
A snake was sitting on my table smiling at me. \ Pesky snakes. Was it a black racer? I see those all the time in my yard.
I don't know what kind it was.  I screamed and ran back in my house.  Sent my son out to handle him. lol \ I would too! lol.
I'm thinking about owning my first home. \ That's awesome! Is something holding you back?
Well, I've been putting money away for a while now. I've almost got enough for a down payment. \ Buying a home can be nerve wracking but in the end it's worth it!
Yeah, I can't wait! \ Wishing you luck and here's to finding the perfect home!
Have you ever had a family member everyone else doubted all the time. \ Sometimes I'm worried that I'm that family member, but I'm not sure what to do to make them have confidence in me.
M y brother was addicted to drugs for ten years biut this years he cleanded his act up and has been sober for 7 months. I knew he could do it. \ I'm happy that your brother is in sobriety now. I hope his life recovers.
When my dog Buddy died, I was horribly upset. \ I am sorry that happened . I have 3 dogs myself.
I hope your dogs live as long as Buddy did, he was a good dog. \ Good dogs are hard to vfind I can imagine how sad that must have been.
Do you like watching movies or reading books? \ I enjoy reading.
I love movies and I waited for the past 3 years for the Avengers for movie to get released. I was frantic when it made it to our theater I was overwhelmed. \ It's cool that you're such a fan though. I hope the movie lived up to your expectations.
My husband and I are going on our very first cruise in December. i can't wait!!! \ I love vacations I hope you and him have a good time.
I hope so too. I have wanted to go on a cruise for so long. I'm happy were are able to go this year. \ What cruise line are you using did they give you a good discount.
How about our president huh? \ I'm not actually in America so I don't share the same joy as you :p
Lol. There is no joy here. But I think the only way to go is up now. \ That's always the positive side of hitting rock bottom right?
I started a new job about a month ago and it's going really well. \ congratualtions. what do you do?
I work in I.T. for the provincial government in Canada :) \ oh wow. we're practically neighbors.
I took my little cousin to the community pool the other day and it reminded me of when I was in his shoes. \ Oh, yes I remember those days too so clearly. Such carefree day, right?
Yes exactly, and cooling considering the summer heat. \ Yeah, it was like the only thing to do in summer. The whole town comes out and the pool is crowded! Oh, those were the days!
I drank all the milk in the fridge and left nothing for anyone else. Next week I will buy extra milk for the house to make up for it. \ That's very considerate of you. I know some people that drink it all and don't replace it.
Yeah, I have done that before and I got yelled at by everyone. I learned my lesson. Haha \ Lol it happens, what's important is that you learned and care enough about your people to internalize the knowledge.
went to the bathroom and saw something you don't see everyday. \ What did you see?
Well when I went to wash my hands there was a from on the handle! \ A what on the handle?
I enjoy reminiscing on the better times in life. \ Me too. About friends an d family. Things I got to see and do.
Have you ever wondered why some people get put through trials in life? \ Yes. Some more than others. But sometimes I think it's all relative.
My dad called me one day crying out for help. I had to drive over to his house. \ Oh my goodness! What happened?
He had fallen and bruised his ribs. I had to take him to the hospital. \ Is he okay now?
I was caught cheating on a math test... \ Oh no! How did that end?
I was kicked out of the class and got a zero on the test \ That's not good. I'm sorry that happened to you.
Looking through old stuff in the attic and stumbled across my old gamecube, sadly it didn't work anymore. \ Awww, I never had one, but wanted one.
Yeah i had good memories playing with my friends \ What were your favorite games?
One of my co-workers got to be a close friend of mine. Then she decided that I was advancing faster than her and sabotaged my job. \ Oh that is so selfish. Did you try and get back at her?
No, I cut ties because it wasn't worth it to give her the satisfaction of a fight. \ Thats great, says a lot about the type of person you are, in a good way! I probably would've gone for revenge knowing myself.
I tend to let my better half make all the important decisions in our life. \ Is it because you trust their judgement or is there a different reason?
Yes! and he like too. I don't mind because he is pretty smart. \ That's great that you have that type of relationship with him. My husband and I approach things together and discuss everything, which works great for us. You have to do what works for you and your relationship.
Even though I'm a christian and I serve God to the best of my abilities, I have been in a rut lately. Last week, during revival, for the first few nights, everyone was praising and participating in worship and just really feeling the Spirit, but I couldn't for whatever reason, and it made me feel bad. \ Oh, I know what you mean. I have felt that way. Best thing to do is pray about it and don't be hard on yourself.
Yes, I prayed about it multiple times, and by the last night, I was able to feel the Spirit move and I was able to praise and worship too. It felt amazing and it carried over into both services on Sunday too. \ That's amazing! I'm so happy your prayers were answered. God knows your heart.
Sometimes I wake up at night and eat junk food. \ I've never done that but i know plenty of people who do that. Its normal every know and again but don't turn it into a daily habit!
Yeah but I feel bad afterwards. I like to make peanut butter and nutella sandwiches with chocolate chip cookies. \ Damn that sounds good, honestly its fine every know and again. we all have a sweet tooth.
My old roommate didn't clean out his room or kitchen when he left. My school charged the rest of us $100 because of him. \ Wow, thats terrible. Did you get him to pay you all back?
No, he cut off all communication. Nobody liked him anyways, he was dirty and rude. \ Well good riddance. If you never want to see scum again, just loan them $20.
We had a birthday party for my son the other day! \ Aw, yay!  How old is he?
He's 6. It was so much fun to watch him open his presents. \ I love that age!  My niece just turned six and she seems so grown up!
They're putting up a new playground near my house. \ That's always a good thing.
Yeah, should be nice.  I'll be able to walk there with my son. \ That will be really convenient.  There's one near us we like to skateboard to.
I was the captain of the volley ball team in middle school and high school, so I signed my daughters up to play. since they had an interest in it too. When we got the practice on the first day, the coach said that it was her first year coaching and she asked me if I would help a little. \ Oh thats awesome, im sure you were excited to help
I was very excite to help. I miss playing very much, so being able to play with my daughters and show of my skills a little was great. \ thats great, sounds like a fun time. And you got to share time with your daughters which is awesome.
I was disappointed with the score of my final exam. I studied real hard but got a 64% on it. \ I'm sorry. It sucks when you put time and effort into studying but the grade is bad. Could you get help from your teacher or a study buddy?
Yea i had a study group I just panicked when i entered the testing room i think. It's not so bad though, i still passed the class. \ Well that's good news. I hope you do better on your next test.
I live very far away from my family and I miss them dearly. I feel so alone sometimes. \ Aw, I know that must be hard having to take care of yourself so far from loved ones that you can depend on.
Yes it is quite hard. But it has been my choice to move away. I guess one day I will return but not sure when. \ That's good that you are keeping your options open and even better that you challenged yourself to leave comfort and travel.
I forgot to pay the electric bill last week so a lady came a turned the power off. \ Oh no! I hate that! So what did you do about it?
I made my late payment as quickly as possible and called my provider to ask them to turn my power on asap. I managed to get it back later that night. \ Wow, no power at home is terrible. What would we do without electricity?!
One time in high school I sat in chocolate sauce! I didn't have a sweater to tie around my waste, so I had to borrow one from a friend. \ Oh no! that's horrifying in high school! I hope you didn't get made fun of.
One of the bully kids noticed the sweater around my waste on the warm day and knew something was up. He really tried to embarrass me. \ Kids can be so mean. Thank God that's all behind us now!
My dog really seemed out of it and depressed the other day. \ Poor dog! Did you find out why? Is it better now?
I thought maybe a bath might make him feel better and boy was I right! afterward he played for like 10 minutes! He is just getting old. \ Aww, that's cute! I love older dogs, but I know it can be scary sometimes when they show signs of poor health. I'm glad he was okay!
A couple years ago, I was hospitalized and diagnosed with MS. \ Oh that sucks, have you experienced the symptoms?
Yeah, I was blind in my right eye, and my left arm was numb. \ Oh damn thats terrible, I hope it didn't affect your life too much.
Recently moved to a new dorm and when i came in the kitchen was a total disaster. Months old piles of dishes in the sink with mold and dried up old food on the stove. \ Holy crap! Is there not a landlord or something you can complain to?
I can but they take forever to come and clean it up. I just talked to the guy who did it and he said he won't do it again. Spent  an hour cleaning it all up with a lot of clorox, alcohol, and soap. \ I'm glad I never had to live with other people. I would not be as patient as you.
I had the worst nightmare last night. I woke up screaming and shaking. \ Oh! What was it about?
There was a maniac clown after me and he had a chainsaw. It seemed the faster I ran the closer he got! \ I hate clowns! when I try to run I sink into the ground.
I was gardening last weekend and have to move pots that have been sitting outside for years. I knew there were spiders! \ Oh no! I hate spiders! Were you able to avoid them and move your pots?
I was very careful and scanned what I could see then I got a grip and threw them and kicked them around in the yard. I must have looked nuts! \ If people knew it was because of spiders they'd totally understand. I can't stand their creepy crawly bodies!
