I broke my glasses so I had to wear an old pair that had visible scratches on the lenses from being stored in a drawer. \ That sucks.  I hate having scratched glasses
Well, it felt so self-conscious knowing that people could probably see the scratches. \ Yes and it always bothers me looking through scatches.
I was so sad when I had to put my dog down last year \ Oh. I'm sorry. How old was your dog?
She was 12.  It was old age but it was so hard because I had had her for years. \ Have you thought about getting another dog? 
I am going through a breakup, we were together for five years I am heartbroken \ I'm so sorry to hear that. I was together with my wife for 7 years when she left me so I know your pain.
it's horrible. I know you felt the same way. I just want this terrible feeling to be over. \ It takes awhile for it to be over. Find a hobby to take your mind off of it. It helps to ease the pain.
I wanted to buy a new car, but I wasn't sure about buying the one I got. \ it's a hard decision, you can be apprehensive about making the right decision you know?
Yeah, it's been a good car so far, but most cars are pretty reliable at first. \ yeah they are! So that is really good!
Sometimes I get annoyed by my parents, there seems to be such a generational gap between us sometimes \ I know exactly what you mean.
I guess everyone feels like that to an extent, it is unavoidable \ It makes it hard to communicate though.
I miss my ex. \ I am sorry to hear that, how did it end between you?
He kept gambling away our bill money so I had to let him go. \ That makes sense, sometimes things are just not meant to be
I have an amazing husband who is always there for me no matter what \ That sounds amazing! How'd you guys meet?
He was my sisters, husbands roomate in college and he came down for their wedding and we met there.  I can't imagine my life without him \ Oh wow, that's awesome. Is your sister as happy with her husband as you are with yours?
You ever have a situation where you help someone out and just end up regretting it? \ yes, that is always a hard situation.  
Yea, I once let this guy crash on my couch rent free for 3 months, and the entire time he was taking money out my room and eating my snacks without saying anything. I knew things were missing, but he'd always deny it. \ oh man that is horrible!  I am so sorry
An old friend wanted to get together. IT was a guy, and he was someone I was involved with. I knew it would bother my husband so I didn't meet with him.  \ That's the best decision. I know mine wouldn't either. If he is a good guy, he will understand.
I didn't want to make my husband uncomfortable, even if it would have been nice to catch up. But I have to respect him.  \ That's good. No sense in rocking the boat.
I have to go to the dentist really soon. One of my teeth are really sensitive lately. \ It is definitely good to get that looked at right away. Then they can take care of it!
Yes, that is true. I am one of those people who hate the dentist. \ Oh I know it's hard. Just try to relax and it will go quick. 
I have meditated nearly every day this year. It was my new years resolution. \ Nice! Did it help you become less stressed?
Yes! It is surprising how much it has helped me considering how neurotic I can be. \ Dang, well I hope you can continue your goal of meditating every day!
Wow, I'm not sure if I could do that. Did you feel scared? \ Scared of what
Of doing a trust fall, I guess I forgot to mention that part. \ Oh,dont mind me,just been curious
I dont like borrowing from people \ Why is that?
I like to manage whatever i have \ I feel that, plus it's nice not to have to worry about returning it.
I asked my son to clean the kitchen. He left dirty dishes in the sink and garbage on the counter. \ Oh thats not good..sometimes teenagers can be alittle messy
He's 10 but definitely messy. We are working on it though. \ Well I am sure he will get better with age
One time I went to my friends 16th birthday party.  When I was walking in her house I ran smack into their glass door.  It was so clean that I didn't see it. \ Did you hurt yourself? 
LOL..just my pride.  I was mortified and the funny part is that later on I won the door prize \ Hahahah! Im dying! Im glad you werent hurt.
Do you like theme park rides? I used to enjoy them a lot, but one time my ride got stuck. \ I think theme park rides are scary! Was it scary when you were stuck?
It really was, I was freaking out, but I also felt confident that we'd be saved. It didn't take too long, maybe 5-10 minutes before they were able to rescue us. \ They are really good about that. They have a lot of safety features you don't even realize. We were stuck on Space Mountain once. 
When he was little, my nephew was so adorable. He was the first child in the family for a long time, and he was so cute. I loved to spend time with him.  \ Awww, you're speaking fondly on when he was young. Is he not as nice anymore?
Oh he's still nice. He has some issues, though, but I love him very much of course. \ That's depressing to here. I have family members who are still cool now as well, but I just think so fondly on when they were younger. They grow up too fast, and it really is amazing when they're young and innocent and haven't been exposed to the real world yet.
Intuition can be a key tool to a seasoned nurse.  \ I suppose, but research and concrete knowledge is more beneficial as it is a very hands on and physical occupation, especially when the health of others are in their hands.
Those are very beneficial tools as well but sometimes experience plays a large part in patient outcomes.  \ That is true. There are many situations where experience can strengthen your skills compared to just learning it from a book.
It's always such a great feeling whenever I get home and my dog is there waiting for me at the door ready to greet me. \ Dogs are wonderful pets. They are so loving and devoted. What kind of dog do you have?
I have a little havanese named Yoko.  \ That's an awesome name. I have two feists. If you're not familiar with the breed, they resemble Jack Russell terriers, but they are bred for squirrel hunting. Their names are Whiskey and Ruby.
Hi, I want to tell you about one time my faith was tested. Have you ever had a time when you had to just put your faith in God? \ all the time I am not sure I believe in God
I can understand that. That's why I said my faith was tested...when my husband and I were younger couple with small kids, we were living on a small budget. My husband was still in college to be a teacher, so it was pretty tight with just my income. Well, long story short, I wrote a check for $40 as tithe at church and that was pretty much all we had. A few days later I received a care package from my mom out of blue and she even included some cash. It was not something she usually did. What do you think of that? \ that's pretty crazy you could of had your money and the care package too
Yup, sometimes you just have to believe, I think. But I did feel convicted to do so. I'm not saying everyone should do it. You know what I mean? \ yeah I understand what you mean definitely
my cat just recently died and I am very shaken up about it. \ Oh, I am so sorry! I am an animal lover, too. We have two dogs now, but used to have cats, too. We did have to say goodbyes to some of our pets over years. It's heart breaking...
it is I am just so sad and heartbroken \ How long did you have your cat?
We went over my grandmother's house one holiday. Everyone was spending quality time together and cooking and it was just so special.  \ Was it a holiday?
Yes, it was. My family usually is far, but some people came into town. It was just nice to be together.  \ It sounds like a fun event.
My friend lost an expensive phone. \ Oh no! That is so frustrating.
Yeah she even cried about it and I had to comfort her. \ That is good that you are a nice friend to her. 
I joined the Army when I was 18 because I didn't know what else to do. I was so nervous! \ I am sure you were.  Was boot camp really hard
Physically it wasn't too difficult. It was mentally difficult though.  \ I could never do something like that.  Thank you for your service
My husband and I are planning a big trip to Washington,DC \ Oh, that sounds so exciting! What do you plan to see while you are there?
I really want to go to the Smithsonian.  I love history and can't wait till we get to go \ The Smithsonian would be amazing. I have not been to DC yet. I hope you guys have a great time!
I tried to paint my house one color and it turned out another color.  \ that is no good, I am sorry that happened to you
Thanks, yeah its a bummer  \ It happens I suppose, maybe there is some sort of refund policy where you bought it from
I was disgusted when I saw a fight in high school that ended with someone cracking their skull open a bit \ WOW! Why do people have to be violent... ugh 
I do not know, I do not hate anyone enough to do that to them \ right me either. its too bad but glad you are thinking right! 
Ugh. My boss called me into his office today...and he didn't even give a reason.  \ Oh wow. I would hate that. What ended up being the issue?
Something lame -- he wanted to see if I completed a poster he wanted. Why couldn't he have asked that over the phone? \ Maybe he has forgotten how it feels to randomly be called into your bosses office. He's moved on up.
My mom became very ill recently and had to be hospitalized. \ Oh no -- how is she feeling now?
She's doing fine now. But that was the first time I've seen her ill. Scary. \ Yeah, that had to be tough. I'm glad she's doing better now though. 
I worked so hard on my science project in school. I thought I was going to get first place. I didn't and was so upset. \ What a bummer! What place did you end up getting?
I got second place, but I was so upset I didn't get first, it might as well have been last. I was young. \ I know the feeling. You work so hard just to feel crushed.
I have this knife that I carry everyday. My dad gave it to me before he died. \ Oh that's really nice to have something you can remember him by. It must be very special to you. 
It is, it's like he's always with me. \ That's very sweet. I am certain he is with you. 
One time when i was young and i didn't know how to swim I jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me. \ Did you get hurt or drown a bit?
A little. I remember being choked up some but he jumped in there and got me out quickly. \ Nice, well hopefully nothing like that ever happens again!
One time I was at the grocery store and I accidentally walked out with a item without paying for it \ Oh no! You must've felt ashamed. did you return it?
Yes, I got caught and had to walk back in shame! \ Hopefully they were understanding that it was accidental?
Last week I was cooking dinner. I dropped a hotdog on the floor and ended up giving it to my child. \ I sure hope the hot dog was fit to eat 
I rinsed it off. No one saw it but I feel bad about it now. \ Oh, you shouldn't feel bad about it, i'm sure it was fine to eat!
My husband is very trustworthy, he's good at keeping a secret when asked to \ That's really good you guys can trust eachother like that. That helps make you both grow in the relationship.
True, we've been together for over 20 years. Feeling comfortable in a relationship is important \ Wow! You don't see much of that anymore. So true.
That is so true, it's sad to see people break up whether they are married or not or have children or not. \ Yes, I am a product of a broken marriage. My children are too. Keep up the good work you guys!
I as not invited for unknown reasons,but i wish to be there \ Where were you not invited to?
Its my friend's birthday \ You were not invited?! That's awful. How close are you to your friend?
When I was in high school I borrowed my parents car, and got into an accident. Of course like most human teenagers I tried to cover it up but they found out. \ Hey,were you injured?
No I was fine, just my pride was wounded. Of course, being a human being and not a robot I was overwhelmed by the lie. I fessed up to them eventually. \ Hope they took it easy with you?
I have many health problems that have prevented me from having children \ Oh my. I am so sorry. That must be so difficult. Are you exploring any other options like adoption? 
If I can get my health under control I would definetly look into that.  I use to be very sad everytime I saw people with their children but I have finally learned to be content in my situation \ I hope you are able to have a child some day. I truly hurt for anyone that struggles in situations like this. I have to aplogize in advance. The topic I chose was about my daughter. I do not want to make you feel sad. 
My husband used to tell me to go to sleep at night when my daughter was born. I didn't want to go to sleep because I didn't want to miss a moment with her.  \ Aww that is so sweet.  I completely understand why!  Oh and thank you for your apology but I am truly content and have accepted it.
My husband didn't get it. He thought I was crazy. Oh well.....  \ Men are crazy sometimes!  LOL!
I was very late to work today and they were so busy with patients. \ Did you get wrote up or a lecture when you got their.
Well I will find out tomorrow. I know better than that is what she told me, especially on Fridays, when we are the busiest.  \ Its always best to be on time , I hope they understand no one is perfect.
I have a job that requires me to work out of town. \ Sounds like a fun one to me. Are you happy there?
Yes , but its nice to have some one at home who will handle things while you are away. \ I agree. Im sure you get bored or lonely while traveling too. 
They don't make do with what they have \ who is that?
Envious people \ sometimes we have to learn how to not be jealous of things
I had a job interview that was very important to me once \ Did you go for the interview?
yes, I prepared as best I could and I really felt that I aced it!  Sure enough I ended up getting the jon \ Thats lovely,congrats
There is no better feeling than being greeted at the door by your dog \ Thats always a good feeling. I bet you are excited to come home everyday.
You bet. As soon as she hears the door horn when I lock my car, I can hear her barking from inside \ What a good dog and full of joy!
She is a very sweet girl \ I bet she loves you just at much as you love her.
My boss told me to go to school to become a doctor instead of a nurse. I felt like it was a compliment. Im worried about how much and how long medical school will take. \ The journey there is always the toughest, its years of practice and studying but in the end it will be totally worth it
I agree. I guess I will weigh my options, its just im getting old and watn to start a family too, so I dont know. \ With whatever you decide in life just know that you are a very skilled and intelligent person! Im sure you will find your path in life eventually with time
This weekend i'm going to the beach. It's been so long! \ I hope you have a good time and you enjoy it.
Oh, I plan too. It's one of my favorite places to have fun. \ I bet, everyone should take time out yo enjoy life every once in awhile.
My brother went out of town last month and asked me if I would water his plants for him while he was away. \ Did you do it? How far does he live from you?
he lives only about 5 miles. I got so caught up in myself I forgot to water his plants and they all died. \ Oh no! Was he mad?
Excited when the Lakers got Lebron. \ Oh no. Not another Lebron story.
yes of course, all day! \ I know. He is a great player though.
I though my new neighbors was nice but I was wrong. \ thats nice.
She is terrible. Thats not nice at all. \ sorry to hear that.
My friend and I got in an argument about religion today. It made me question my faith.  \ Wow,  that was serious then
Yeah. I want to stay true to my beliefs, but she made some very valid points.  \ OK,  so what is your plan now? 
Oh yes,  it was an embarrassing moment \ What happend?
I got a hot slap from a lady \ What is a hot slap? Sounds painful!
Hi! So recently I applied for this barista job. I've been waiting forever for them to get back to me! \ They haven't called you back yet? I hate when that happens, they make you wait by the phone on pins and needles!
They just called me back today. I didn't get the job. :( I was trying not to be overconfident. I guess it worked this time lol. \ Don't let it break your confidence though, it just wasn't meant to be. I think you'll land your next application though.
I hope so! I was actually really surprised. I think they like me there. I just hate not knowing what I'll be doing next! \ Uncertainty can be so agonizing. Just keep your head up though!
So I've been having an issue with my neighbor. It's not super hairy yet but it could be. They constantly back into my mailbox on their way out almost every day. \ Oh my gosh! Have they broken it? That would drive me nuts.
It's been knocked down a few times yes. Police have been involved but they don't do anything. My neighbor is so carefree about it too, it's bonkers! \ Have you spoken to them personally? Maybe they should pay for you to move it!
We've "chatted" about it for sure. Like I said, the guy doesn't really care. Very unnerving. \ Wow. I'm so sorry. Maybe you could put concrete around it so it damages their car? lol
I remeber once I had a job where I worked on a farm. I did a lot things their I had never done before in my life. \ Wow that sounds intriguing, what new things did you try?
Well once I was asked to check a hefer to see if it was pregnant. And this required some skills I didn't have. \ That's awesome, cows are amazing
I used to live out of my car and it made me feel pretty down on myself back then \ I no how you feeI I have had to live in worse places than that , but it looks like you found a way out of that situation.
What types of situations? And yeah it could have been worse but I'm glad I'm out of it. \ I had to squat in houses before. I'm glad things have changed for you and for me.
I have a son who's 8 months old! I get so nostalgic about how quickly time has passing, and it hasn't even been a year! \ Yeah, it's crazy how each year seems to go by faster than the last too, having kids must be surreal
Yes they grow so fast! It really motivates me to make the most of the time we have though. \ Me too, it's like you realize more and more that all you have is the present moment.
Skydiving taught me how to let go and stop trying to fix everything \ Wow. That's amazing. Were you afraid to try it?
Yeah the hardest part for me was just realizing that I wouldn't be in control, but it was very natural in the end \ Do you often feel like you want to be in control? Cause i totally do.
I ended up watching all the Robin William movies I could think of last weekend. \ Lol! Which one was your favorite?
I don't know if there is one of my favorites, but it sure was a lot of good memories. \ Did you watch Mrs. Doubtfire?
I recently had a baby! It was such an incredible feeling seeing his face for the first time. \ Wow, congrats, what did you end up naming him?
Thank you! His name is Ronan. He is such a sweetie! I've never loved anyone so much in my life. \ You are lucky, and I am sure he will be tons of work but it will be worth it.
Hi! I'm so excited! My husband and I decided to temporarily relocate to Arizona this winter! \ sounds exciting. I always wanted to leave my were I was originally from so I could experience and see new things
You should! Have you? \ No, but i hope things work out for you in this new part of your life.
have you ever had a felling like someting bad was going to happen .Then ignored your instincts? \ Oh definitely. Why did you?
Yes I did . But ignored my instincts and sure enough some thing bad did happen , can you imagine how I felt after that. \ I can. I'm so sorry. Was it something really bad? Or were you able to move on from it?
Hey dude! I'm so pumped. I just got a beautiful new dress for my friend's wedding.  \ It's always fun to get new clothes! Is the wedding soon?
It is! It's in just a few weeks! Do you ever get a piece of clothing or something that just makes you feel amazing? \ I'm not very fashionable, but I do have some t-shirts that I love to wear because they fit me really well.
I remember back when I started college. I moved to a new state where I didn't know anyone and I had no idea what to expect. \ Wow that sounds scary. Did you make good friends?
Yes, I did eventually. There's something to be said for living in a dorm at a time when you want to meet new people and fit in. \ Yes it can be really helpful! I went to school 3 hours from my home and it was still hard to meet new people
Hi, a few years ago, my husband got a job offer in Hawaii. We LOVE Hawaii, but we didn't know anyone there and you know how expensive it is to live there. We really had to think about that move... \ Sounds like a real hard decision. I would be very apprehensive as well.
Yeah, but we did move and it ended up the best decision ever! We had so much fun and really loved living there. At least beaches are always free! \ You sound so excited about it and your future there. I would be full of joy as well.
Today I had to tell a patient about her lab results. Come to find out she could not have babies. She was very upset. \ Oh, that must have been a hard thing to do. I'd hate to be the one to deliver such a bad news...
Yeah I felt bad. She started crying so much. Its like her world ended there. \ So sad...that makes me want to cry, too, just hearing about her reaction.
my friend joined the airforce and became an air traffic controller. \ That sounds like some good work experience. How long is he in.
I'm not sure but then they got out and became a police officer and is now a detective! \ Well, hopefully he is as good as Sherlock Holmes and saves some lives.
I was in a rush this morning and didn't realize I had put on two different colored sox. \ I hate it when that happens. I hope your pants covered them at least.
One was pink the other was green. I hope no one noticed. \ That would be embarrassing!
Whenever I go back to my hometown I love driving by the house I grew up in. I have such great memories. \ I bet it does! Do you go by there often?
I get to visit about once a year. I always wish that I knew who lived there now so I could see the inside of the house. \ I bet it's much different than it was back when you lived there.
A guy asked me on a date one, knowing I was married.  I denied, of course, but was shocked that he didn't care that I was in a monogamous relationship. \ That's the worst. I wonder if he was trying to prove something.
Or boost his ego? Either way, he didn't succeed. \ Good! I don't know why people think they can get away with things like that.
I'm planning a trip next month and I am super excited. \ Where are you headed to?
I'm going home to California, I plan on meeting with my best friend. \ Oh, well that sounds like it will be a ton of fun, I hope all goes well!
I was embarassed when I was in school and my pants fell down in front of everyone \ Oh no! How old were you at the time?
I was in kindergarden I believe, so still pretty young \ That's like a bad dream scenario. Better to be a little kid though, even if kids are mean.
Went for a dip at the pool late one night on vacation. \ Nice, how was the water.
It was a heated ppol so that was nice. But when I jumped in some of may hair extension came out! \ Thats funny. Did you get them all?
I am afraid of ghosts. \ Mw too. I don't even llike when it's too dark inside or outside.
I hope I never meet a ghost. \ Maybe we are ghosts.
I had my first professional interview recently!  \ congrats, how did you handle the pressure?
Pretty well I think! I had a solid resume, and I practiced ahead of time. It still isn't the same though when you're right there in the room and they're looking at you lol. \ It can be pretty nerve racking, but it is always great practice. You will only get better.
I have been working on my dance moves for the last 6 months. \ Oh really? That's cool! What style of dance?
Well its for a dance off, so it's a pretty big deal I have to win this. \ Wow. That's so amazing. Are you nervous?
Do you ever feel like time is just going by way too fast? \ OMG! especially recently. a week seems like one day.
Exactly! I have an 8 month old son and I feel like he is growing up so quickly. It's like he was just a noisy little bean yesterday. \ That's so true. My daughter moved out this year and I'm wondering where the heck the time went!
I have been wanting to buy a massage table for my business.  \ Oh really? Are you a massage therapist?
Kind of. I'm a Reiki therapist and I got good news! my mom gave me a huge gift card for my birthday and I can now afford the table! \ Wow congratulations! You must be so excited!
Hey. How are you? \ I'm good, what's up?
Oh not much. I got a crappy text from a friend the other day! I never have friend drama so it's really sucky. \ Yeah, that must be difficult
This one time my pants fell down in public, but I was really tired so I didn't realize \ Oh my gosh! When did you figure it out?!
A couple minutes later \ Wow I'm so sorry. Were you a kid?
Going in for an interview had me wondering what would happen \ Yeah it can get pretty intense! How did it go?
I decided not to take the job in the end, I guess I just wanted to know I could get it \ Wow, going out in style! Well I hope you found a good job somewhere.
I just moved to a new town recently and I finally made a new friend! I was starting to feel really lonely so it's nice to feel like I might fit in. \ Way to go! If it makes you feel better I would be your friend if I was there
Aw, thank you! Do you live in a small town? It's very hard to make connections! \ I used to, but yeah especially if you're not in school
So! My husband's cat pooped and peed in the bathtub today. That was rough. \ Hope you didn't take a bath after that
Haha! Nope. Never again. \ Minus one for cats
I appreciate the place where I started cuz it helps me keep going \ Like where you were born?
For sure, it reminds me that things are always getting better \ Was it a rough place to grow up?
I'm so bummed! My best friend is moving away to Brazil. \ Wow Brazil? Isn't there a lot of crime there?
I don't know... I hope not for her sake. I was really hoping she'd stay here but I'm also really excited for her. \ What is she going to do there, sounds kind of dangerous.
I have been working on at the track to get my sprint times faster1 \ Wow that's awesome! Are you on a team?
No, just me, but my 100 yard dash is so so slow, I can't even get lower than 6 seconds. \ I don't know what's good for sprints, I'm more of a distance runner myself.
I think I'm just really bad, maybe I will always be slow. \ I think you can get better dude!
Drinking a gallon of milk everyday makes me feel like an absolute madman in the gym who's gonna take over the world \ That doesn't sound healthy lol. Does it ever make you sick?
That's not the point, gotta do it RAW \ Are you drinking 2% because you think you're fat? Because you're not. You could drink whole if you wanted to.
When I was 13 I was baptized. In water, not milk. But if I was baptized in milk it would be whole milk. \ That's good, how does that make you feel
Honestly? Not fat. \ Nice, I like your attitude
I had this juicy pump at the gym from doing some benching and it felt too easy \ What. I'm confused. What's a juicy pump. Like a juicer?
My pecs were poppin \ Oh. Hahahahahaha. You go!
I just celebrated my 2 year anniversary! I've been reminiscing about my wedding a lot lately lol. \ Nice, too bad I wasn't invited!
Sorry! We eloped anyway so it wasn't that exciting lol! \ Sounds fun! Keep fighting the good fight lol
Hi! Have you been to a rodeo? \ No! I think that should be on my bucket list though.
Do it! It's so fun. I'm so impressed with the skill of some of the riders! \ I bet that would be cool. I've watched on Tv. They know what their doing.
I don't work or really go anywhere. I feel like I'm always waiting. \ What are you waiting for?
Usually it's for my boyfriend to get home so he can spend time with me. poor guy. lol \ Oh I totally know how that goes. I moved to small town and didn't have many friends at first. Once I had my son and made more friends it got way better lol!
I was hurrying around the house and wasn't paying attention fully, I ending up hitting my toe on my dogs toys. \ Dang dogs leaving their things around!
It really hurt, I think I may need to take all his toys away to punish him. \ Yeah, minus one for dogs
I was at my main girls house and I saw these texts from this guy named Chad \ That doesn't sound good, sounds like you are getting replaced.
Yeah, I demoted her to my dinner girl, now I gotta choose who my main ting is gonna be \ Maybe you should just go single for a while and enjoy freedom.
Somebody said something about me that was not true \ Please don't care about those people. Try to be true to yourself. World will recognize you one day.  
That is so true. People like that are not worth the time of day. \ Exactly. You're right. Ignore them. 
My wife forgot to wish me on our anniversary. \ Have you been married a long time?
yeah, It's our 2nd anniversary.  \ I know that had to hurt. But forgive her and let her make it up to you.
Good evening! I moved to a small town recently. It's been tough. \ Thanks, you as well. I know how that is. give it time and things will get better.
I'm sure it will. I've already made some friends, but it's definitely difficult to make connections. \ Yeah, I think it gets more difficult as you get older anyway.
I feel soo far away from my family. \ Aw, I know how that goes. Do they visit often?
No,my mom even live here in town. we hardly ever talk anymore. \ Wow that's sad. I'm sorry.
I'm so excited to relocate to AZ for my husband's work (temporarily), but kinda scared! \ That does sound exciting! Why are you scared?
I don't know anyone there and all my family is a 22 hour drive away \ Oh, that is definitely a change! But at least you can still keep in touch nowadays.
I found out some bad news the other day. \ Oh no :( Can you tell me? It's okay if it's too private.
I just got back my grade for my final for my class and I failed it. I studied real hard, but unfortunately it didn't seem to matter. \ Oh my gosh I'm so sorry that really sucks. :( Can you talk to the professor and try to make it up or find out what you did wrong?
I'm going to have to at least try. Maybe they'll be understanding and let me attempt again. \ Good luck to you! I wish you all the best <3
I got mad because I was too full to finish my plate at the buffet \ What kind of buffet? Did you get to take a doggie bag at least?
Chinese, but no I decided not to, don't think would allow it \ I bet you wish you had that doggie bag now. My mom used to sneek food out. lol
Do you have any cats? \ Yeah I have one, but they're all over the place it seems like
Mine still has his claws and now he has resorted to clawing my chair when he want attention. \ That's funny, just don't let it in your room while your sleeping!
I spent 20 dollars on a piece of cheese cake. \ Oh my, I hope it was delicious, that is a lot of money
I thought it would blow my mind but it was dry and really disappointing. Talk about a let down.  \ goodness, i would be so upset, that is a terrible experience!
It was such a nerve wrecking experience when my son was first born, I really was so scared that anything could hurt him! \ Babies are pretty small and delicate they look like they might break at the slightest bump.
I know, right, and I had this nurse tell me the first week he was alive, that babies have died of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome right in their parents arm! It was so scary \ It's a pretty small percentage, but it would definitely be something to worry about.
Someone twisted what I Said earlier today to make it seem like i was saying something else. I felt reall ybad. \ Oh no why would they do such a thing
They were angry and wanted to be aggressive.  \ Definitely doesn't excuse what they did.
Some lady I know tried to hit on me even though she very well knew I am in a relationship! \ That's not cool. I bet it felt awkward.
It really did but I would never do something to jeopardize my relationship. \ You are a stand up person!
I have been working on my bench press for 6 months, I know I can get to bench 400 pounds. \ Nice, what program are you running
Steak and Maximum effort. I also drink lots of water, I'm on the next level like Arnold. \ Good game m8, pics or it didn't happen
Paranormal activity is the sCaRiEsT movie of horror movies \ Really? I don't find it that scary maybe you just haven't seen true terror.
Yeah you'll have to show me sometime \ I have a chucky doll sitting in the chair next to me and it looks at me all day. Now thats a movie.
I just gave up smoking cigarettes. It was pretty hard, but the worst part is how everything puts you on edge and it is hard to relax. \ Oh wow, I wish I could find the courage to do that, it surely takes a lot of will power. how did you do it>
I closed my eyes and visualize a world where anything was possible. I called this world IMAGINATION land. \ I will totally have to try that, It really is difficult to stop smoking!
My friend recently told me that she couldn't have kids, I tried my hardest to be there for her \ Wow that would be terrible news. I can't imaged shit is taking it well.
She is not at all, I have really been there for her, I have two boys of my own and could not imagine not being able to have kids of my own \ Hopefully she has a supportive partner to help her as well. Glad you are there to help her.
I was challenged to a dare by my best friend! \ Did you have the choice between truth and dare?
No, the challenge was I had to spend the night in a cemetery. No flashlight no tents just a rolled up sleeping bag. \ Dang, street cred off the chains right there
I enjoy getting things done \ What kind of things do you like to do?
I like to crochet and pay the bills \ Why do you like to pay the bills, maybe you should just get a rich girl or guy to take care of it.
One night my cats were chasing a fly in the house. All of a sudden, one of them started acting weird and then he died. He was only a kitten. I was so upset. \ That is horrible, I am so sorry, It is hard losing a baby animal, you are not expecting them to pass, like when you have an older sickly one
Yes, it was horrible. It just happened out of nowhere. \ That is crazy, I wonder what was wrong with it
The vet said it was likely an anneurysm. \ Wow, I never knew cats could even get an aneurysm, but I guess like humans why wouldn't they be able to?
I am so happy with my life currently, I am able to stay at home with my children and watch them grow, I would not change it for anything \ Ahhhh thats amazing! I stay home with my kids too! How many kids do you have?
I have 2 little boys aged 2 and 4, soon to be 3 and 5 and ugh it can be challenging at times, but totally worth it! \ It definitely can be a challenge. I have a 10 year old boy, an 8 year old girl, and a 2 year old girl. I love being home with them.
I was so satisfied with myself when I left the gym today \ Did you have a good workout?
Indeed, it was quite thrilling, did a little chest workout, got a nice pump \ Nice!  I really need to get back to the gym.
I had a nice quiet evening at home tonight. \ Nice, silence is golden
Well, my family was here, too.  Toddlers don't make life quiet, but they make me feel fulfilled. \ Full of what?
I was so scared when my dad used to scare me as a kid \ Dads can be strange like that sometimes. Was he trying to be malicious about it, or just having fun?
I guess he was just having fun, but I was not having as much \ What did he used to do?
I wish I could go back to the first date my girlfriend and I had \ Why did things end between you?
Oh, they didn't end. I just miss that time, since everything felt new and alive and different \ Oh, yeah I understand that, it is the same way with my girlfriend now
There was a meeting scheduled today that I thought was utterly pointless. \ Oh no, was it one of those meetings that should have been an email?
It definitely was, so I ended up skipping it. \ Hopefully you don't get in trouble but I definitely know the feeling. 
My cat puked all over my roommates shoes. I feel so bad. \ Oh, that's terrible!  What did you do?
I clean them up as best I could, and told him about it. Then I profusely apologized. \ Did you figure out what made your cat puke?
I went out to the bar recently with my girlfriends and it was kind of an annoying experience.  \ Oh no, what happened? Did they do or say something?
It's just so frustrating going out when you are in a happily committed relationship and getting hit on. Especially when you tell the men straight up you are involved with someone else! \ Oh girl, that happens to me all the time too. So frustrating, just leave us alone.
I was really sick the other day and I let my roommate pick me up and carry me down the stairs. \ Oh no! What was wrong? Are you feeling better?
I had an ovarian cyst, it hurt so bad. I almost went to the ER again. \ Oh man! I had one when I was pregnant with my son. I feel your pain!
I was going through my photos today and I saw a picture of me and my ex together. It just made me feel odd, I miss him. \ Nice, when did you guys break up
We broke up back in May, he was just too much of a workaholic.  \ I see, you'll find someone better
I get pretty sad some nights, but it feels good to cry sometimes \ Oh, why are you crying? Is anything wrong in particular? Have you talked to somebody?
Yeah, sometimes it's like a deep sadness comes out of nowhere \ Oh I'm sorry, I hope you get the help that you need.
I had just been returning home, and on the side of the road there was some roadkill. It used to be a deer. \ Oh no. That's quite unfortunate for the deer. Did you just drive past it?
Yeah but my widows were down, and I could almost taste the stench of decay. \ I'm sure you wanted to get out of there as soon as possible.
I told my close friend a very big secret yesterday. \ Oh really, were you supposed to tell them?
It was my choice. I really don't think they'll tell anyone! They're good people. \ You can never be to sure now a days, they might post your secret to social media.
One time I was really sure that I was going to ace a test because I studied all night \ Did you ace your test?
Yup, I was worried during the test too, but I am glad everything turned out okay \ I always worry when I have to take tests. Unfortunately, I am horrible with tests. I am glad you aced it!
My grandma was diagnosed with dementia a few years ago. She recently moved in with my dad. I went and stayed with them to take care of her. \ I'm sorry, is it difficult to take care of her?
I went to school to be a CNA. So the actual taking care of her was not difficult. I think it was more mentally difficult. It was all day and all night. Very exhausting. \ Dang, I hope everything turns out okay for you guys
A friend at work recently got a raise.  That's the 2nd one in the last year for him! \ Nice, what a legend and a gentleman
Yeah, but I haven't had one in 3 years. \ Word, you should ask him what the secret is
Sometimes it's impossible to shove more food down my gullet \ Do you have a medical condition?
Nah, I'm trying to gain some pounds, I just haven't acclimated to the quantity yet \ Are you trying to gain muscle?
The other week, I was talking about a co-working of mine - okay, I was gossiping..   \ Hmm, how did that make you feel
Pretty awful, actually.  Especially considering that the coworker of whom I was speaking was in a room just next door with the door open.   \ Yeah, at least now you're more aware, it can be pretty tough when you're trying to break the habit though
I just watched JFK's speech, 'we will go to the moon' - reminds me of what I admire in the US \ I love the USA.  
It's really moving, wonder what the next big goal will be for humanity \ JFK's speeches were amazing.  We have had a lot of great leaders in our country.  Our country has truly been blessed.  
The litter of puppies had been born! \ Nice, amazing to witness birth
All of the puppies survived, truly a lucky amazing occasion! \ Good to hear, have fun with puppies!
I was totally caught off guard as a kid when the entire yard was covered in Easter eggs \ wow, who was the won who littered your yard with easter eggs?
My dad, but he wouldn't admit it! haha \ Nice, he probably made you pick them all up too!
I was a little nervous to eat some cloves of garlic for the first time \ What made you nervous about it?
I wasn't sure if it was going to make me sick or not \ I see. Is it your favorite food now? :p
I have never cheated on a girlfriend \ Good to hear that you keep your word
Yes im kinda proud of it \ Keep it up brochacho
I felt so ashamed the time that I took money from my parents. I couldn't look them in the eyes for weeks when I was younger. \ At least that shows that you have a conscience. I hope that you made it up to them.
Yeah... I don't know. They still support me and help me, but I still feel incredibly guilty. Not sure what to do to make it up to them. \ Confess to them what happened. Let them know how you have changed.
I took the kids to visit the residents at the Veterans Home. We made some special treats to take to them. \ Wow, I am sure the Veterans loved it! What kind of treats did you and the kids bring to them?
A variety of things that they liked. I checked ahead of time to see what they would want. \ So thoughtful of you! What did the kids think of visiting the veterans?
I miss being a kid and all the stupidity that came with it, I wish I was young again \ I was just saying the same thing.
Yeah, it is no fun growing up, but I mainly miss all of my friends from back then \ I'm only 34 and a lot of my old friend are dead.
I am sfraid of who will move in next door to me. \ Was your previous neighbor good at least?
no. I never have decent neighbors so I'm expecting the worst. \ Ah, well at least you can only meet or exceed expectations!
I accidentally left a book I borrowed from a friend outside \ Were you able to get it back?
I did but it was ruined from the rain. \ Well, hopefully your friend will forgive you.
I forgot to take some water bottles out from under my cart and pay for them at the store. I didn't realize I didn't pay for them till later. \ Oh no! I've done that before too
Hopefully I don't get bad karma for my accidental theft! \ I hope not too!
I attended a ball recently, one of the girls had the most stunning dress. \ A ball, how fancy! Was the girl as stunning as her dress?
No way, her dress looked like little diamonds had been stitched on every inch of her dress. Not many girls can compete with that. Diamonds are forever. \ Yeah, I  can see a dress like that can easily outshine any girl. The dress sounds amazing though.
I called in sick to work, so I could go Christmas shopping...they were having a great sale at the mall. \ Wow that is some really early christmas shopping. you must like to plan ahead.
Well, yeah, it's good to plan ahead, but I kept looking over my shoulder...I felt so guilty! \ Yeah spending money on things is always a temporary high.
I made a big pot of Vegetable soup. After eating a big bowl I was completely satisfied and just wanted to nap in my chair. \ I love vegetable soup. So were you able to enjoy your nap ?
Oh yeah, It felt so good.  \ Well I'm happy for you. Its hard to catch a nap around here sometimes.
My girlfriend is always worrying if I am as happy thought I would be after we decided to go from just good friends to be in a relationship with each other.  I always am honest and tell her the same thing. \ Sounds like she has some underlying issues with trust. You may want to sort it all out before you get too involved.
well really we have deeply involed for along time now . And I am very happy in our relationship and couldn't ask for anything more out of it. \ Maybe you couldn't but it sounds like something is going on with her. 
My friend recently lended me their car so I can go out of town \ That was nice of them. Did you have any problems with their car?
They did not hesitate to lend me the car at all which is nice. No, I did not have any problems with the car.  \ THat is good to hear. What happened to your own car?
I had to schedule an appointment with the dentist after not visiting one in five years. \ That is crazy. Did you not have insurance for all these years you missed the dentist appointments?
I do not have insurance. I went anyway because I had a problem with one tooth. \ I hope the problem was not deep in the enamel of the tooth since that requires a lot of work.
When my nephew's car broke down and I loaned him my car, I know that he'll be careful with it. \ Well at least you can trust him to be careful.  I dont think I would be able to trust my nephew as he is only 18 and not very responsible yet.
Yeah, 18 is an inherently irresponsible time, mine is 24 and getting married soon so that makes a lot of difference. \ Yes its amazing how much of  a difference a few years can make in age.  It seems that males take quite awile long to mature than females.   
I was totally committed to him in every way I could be.   HOwever he ended up cheating on me \ That kind of cold disregard for someone you're supposed to love is totally alien to me, the guilt would destroy me.
It would me too, not only that but he just up and got with her like I never existed to him.   Its funny because he always accused me of cheating on him and I had no clue why.  It was him the whole time! \ Yeah Freud called it Projection, it's too bad people tend to hide their true natures so well.
The internet has been there through thick and thin for me \ The internet is a great thing. I don't know what we'd do without it.
True, it's a great resource to have \ We had an issue with our internet for a couple of days and it was so inconvenient!
Long time ago, we saw a driver throw a kitten out of his car window. We picked him up and brought him home. \ That's so nice of you, I would have chased down the car, but you did the right thing
He was such a sweet kitten. We had him for years. He's gone now and miss him still. \ Feels bad, hope you have someone to talk about it with!
He kept doing drugs, and taking things that didnt belong to him.  It broke my heart but I didnt know what else to do. \ It's awful! I know so many families are dealing with similar situation. Sometimes we don't know how to help someone close to us. Heart breaking...
Yes you are right about that.  I dealt with it for a long time and then I just couldn't anymore.  Over and over things would disappear and he would of course always deny it.  He became violent at time to his sister and me and I couldn't put them at risk. \ You can't help him until he wants to really change. Sometimes all you can do is pray.
My husband has a job interview coming up and we re really hoping he'd get the job. \ What kind of job is it?   I will keep my fingers crossed he gets it!
It's for health care company. It'll be a better job for him. Thank you. \ THats awesome, does it pay better than the one he has?  A pay increase is certainly helpful.
Seeing animals sleep is very relaxing \ I've never felt that way myself. What do you find relaxing about watching animals sleep?
I don't know, I guess I'm just tired \ I suppose when you feel tired, anything can feel relaxing
My dog got hit by a car. \ Really? I'm so sorry to hear that
Yeah. He didn't survive. I really miss him \ Hope everything gets better soon
I remember not having any responsibilities as a kid \ Me too, I really miss those days.
Yea, those were the days \ If only time machines were real.
I found an old photo album of my family. It really brought back memories. \ It's good to remember days gone by
It's kind of a bittersweet experience \ Yea, like you can remember those times but things are different
I had my eye on a pretty new shirt that I wanted to get. My sister got it and it looked great on her. I was so envious. \ oh wow i am glad she was happy, why were you nervous?
I wasn't nervous I was envious. I had really wanted it. \ oh don't be, you should be happy for her, there will come a time where you will get something back in return :)
today after coming back from work i saw my wife and she was asking me why are you late with questioning eyes, i told her that i wen't to go and get her favourite meal, i felt so faithful  \ Did she feel bad and apologize after she realized what you had done?
she was joking about it, but she was so happy afterwards and we ate together, it was such a nice day \ It's good to get to spend time with those you love. I am happy for you.
Hi, the first time  went on a date made me feel very awkward \ Why did it make you feel awkward?
WEll, I didn't want to  let my family know as my brother would annoy me about it. So the only clean clothes I had were like a tracksuit \ Oh, well I am sure the date was just happy you were there!
Before I met my girlfriend and friend group, I was so lonely all the time \ That's a shame - I'm glad that you've got friends now though. Why was that?
I was still finding myself and aI was very shy \ I thikn lots of people are shy until they find where they belong.
My friend is on her third vacation this year and now she's on a Hawaii cruise! \ Boy o-boy bet she is having the time of her life. How many vacations have you taken this year?
A big fat ZERO! I need one now! Haha! \ Me too, maybe our wish will come true only time will tell.
Have you ever invited someone over for dinner that you liked a whole lot? Well I have and it didn't go to well. \ Oh, no! What happened?
Well I made them dinner fixed their plate gave it to them and a folded napkin. When they unfolded the napkin a big fat and I mean fat cock roach fell out and ran across the table at about 50 miles a hour. \ Oh wow! That's like the worst nightmare! I'm so sorry that happened to you!!
I had a tough semester but I just saw my grades and I'm pleased with the results. \ Taht is always a weight off the shoulders, I'm glad you are pleased.
Yeah, it was a huge relief for me. I am so glad to be done with this semester. \ I remember that feeling, finals week is so stressful, then there is that wave of relief.
I should not have been so quick to let my teen take the car, but she was so excited. \ Did her drive turn out alright?
Well, let me just say that the pole made it out alright,lol. \ Oh no! Is your daughter okay?
once i pooped my pants at walmart \ Were you able to get out of there without anybody noticing or did you die from embarssment?
My mom was there and i had to ride home with her so yeah she knew \ I'm sure that was not a fun ride home. 
I was on the edge of my seat watching the local election results. I was hoping my candidate would win. \ where you disappointed? 
No I was quite happy with the results. But the waiting for the results was so nerve wracking. \ I remember the same thing. And the joy that followed for the next moth was pure bliss
After a gym workout I'm always ready to get back and hit a new PR \ that's great! what motivates you?
I think just knowing that one day I'll be able to do things that are unimaginable right now, and I know I can do better the next time \ wow that's so motivating, thanks for that i really needed to hear that
after a long day from work, i was stuck at this math problem, but then i decided to go for a walk instead of working on the problem, i trust my guts, after i had come back from the walk, the solution kicked in and i was able to do the problem \ That's inspiring, has that worked for you in the past in the same way?
yes always, it is something that works for me \ That's so cool, you seem very intuitive
My stomach made a loud noise while I was in class taking a test \ oh that's weird what did you do?
I just pretended like nothing happened, but i'm worried everyone thinks it was something other than my stomach \ no no, dont
it was 3am, i was walking at the utter night... i was scared out of my mind... anything could happen, my walking speed increased... and everything i was seeing suddenly became more and more scary \ That sounds frightening. Did you get home safely?
in the end yes.. but the journey was sure hell \ Why were you walking so late at night?
today i realised the small details of my life and i feel more satisfied \ Nice, what are some things you realized?
that i have everything i wished for. \ You don't have me yet <3
One time I bought water and snacks before a hurricane came to wreck my city \ oh god, how did you . have the courage to even go outside?
My house flooded so I had to get on my roof ! \ that sounds like an adventurous day 
The weather forecast called for tropical storm force winds. I made sure that I checked the yard for loose items. \ Where do you live?
I live on the Gulf Coast. When you get the warning you have to be ready. \ Alright, so do you ever have to evacuate?
I felt pretty good leaving the gym today, hit a new PR on overhead press \ That's great. You must have been working really hard.
I like to try my hardest! \ And it has paid off. Good for you.
One time they put cheese in my hamburger when I told them not to! \ Wow, how could they do that?
They are complete monsters I tell ya! \ Someone's gotta put an end to that poor service!
I felt like I could do anything after I finished meditating \ Nice! How long do you meditate for?
I try to go longer everyday, I was able to go 50 minutes yesterday \ Dang! Well I hope you have a stress-free weekend and be full of energy!
i lied to my mother and i feel very uneasy \ You should. No matter what you can't lie to your Mom. It will always come back on you.
i just realised this now \ Come clean and fix it. It will make you feel better.
I got caught by the train and it made me late for work. I was so mad. \ maybe go earlier later?
That's just it though. You never know when the train is going to be there. \ oh, that's kind of weird
i am beginning to realise in my abilities and i feel so confident in them, i am able to anything \ Nice! Do you have any superpowers?
In a way yes,yes i do the power of my will and mind \ I like your confidence! Fighting!
When I drink coffee, memories from my past keep playing in my head \ oh nice, what kind of memories?
Memories of talking to strangers in chatroom. Lots of things  \ how does this make you feel like?
When my son was born i felt joyful and happy! \ i bet you did, did you want a boy instead of a girl?
It didnt matter as long as they were healthy. \ That is a good mindset, I wish you the best of luck with that!
I felt guilty when I broke the window in our house \ how did it happen?
I threw a football through it \ how, did you get into trouble?
I caught my boyfriend texting his ex \ Wow. Dump him and beat him up!
I think he will dump me soon. He would rather be with her, I just know it \ That is unfortunate, he is a scumbag. I hope you find yourself a nice and wealthy boyfriend!
I have been working on my programming skills and I feel like I can get a new job now! \ That's awesome! You're going to be rolling in the dough with those skills
Hell yeah, no more living in mom's basement! \ That's exciting. How long have you been learning programming?
From time to time I see an older man around our town driving his lawn mower from place to place..  SOmetimes I see him at  McDonalds,or the Dollar General Store.   \ an interesting one, what does this make you feel ?
Well at first I thought it was cute until I saw him at the gas station the other day.  I overheard him asking someone that was getting gas if he happened to have a little change he could have.  He needed to get home in his lawnmower but didn't have the money to do so.   I ended up giving him 3 bucks. \ oh did he say anything afterwards? what happend next?
i believe i am a really caring person, because i always take care of cats and feed them and lately they are more and more close to me \ That is so kind of you, I also a have a soft heart for animals.  I happen to be a dog person, but I do have a cat that was my ex boyfriends.  
i am a both person ahaha i also have a dog, but he is always so mean  \ I can't say I have had any mean dogs as of yet.  My favorite breed is  a pitbull.   THey are so loyal  and sweet although  lots of people claim they are mean and vicious .
it sucked i was heartbroken but i let her go \ ... im sorry, how did it happen
its okay and thanks it was 2 years ago, she texted me that she wasn't interested in a relationship and then i found out a week later \ that sucks, but hey man it's okay one day you'll find right person 
towels, clothes, underwear and phone all checked! and ready for my holiday #feelingsoprepeared \ where are you going!
TO SEE MY BABY GIRL \ thats awesome i hope you have a good time with her
One time I bought a scratch lottery ticket and I didn't win anything! \ Wow, that must've been disappointing.
Yes, I was off by one number. I was going to be a millionaire! \ Oh! So close. Just to think about that missed opportunity.
I knew my wife's family would help us financially for our marriage, turns out it was right, I appreciate it so much. \ Nice! The married life is expensive
Yes well we needed money in order to get married in the first place. All the expenses and fees and paperwork. \ I hope you two have a nice future. At least you know the family will support you!
My friend has been working with me on the weekends to get my tennis game on the next level. \ Tennis, how fun! Have you noticed improvement?
yeah I can consistently serve with power and accuracy now. I feel almost decent now. \ That's magnificent! I've never played tennis myself, but it's a sport I've always enjoyed watching.
A while back I caught my partner at the time being dishonest to me. \ That is to bad, is it someone you have been with a long time?
We were together for a year and a half and we had a child together shortly before I found out! \ Wow, that is really messed up. Did you end up leaving them?
every day the weather makes me feel so nostalgic, the colors, the wind all bring back a certain memory from my past \ Yeah, it's like time passes but the smells and everything stays the same
yes! i am so glad you get it, it's beautiful but also sad at the same time \ Yup, and I feel there's a part of us that is eternal as well
High school was a great time, but those days are long gone \ also nostalgic ey? i get you, those easy days, no stress, no limits, anything is possible 
No bills to pay, going out to eat with friends all the time, pretty fun \ i wish we could go back to those days... 
There was a time when I really messed up. \ Oh! What happened?
Some folks were counting on me to buy some things, but I never did. \ Wow! You lazy bum. You disappointed me too!
One time I went into the public restroom and saw poop smeared everywhere! Ew! \ I think I would leave if I saw something like that.
I left as fast as possible! \ Did you tell someone about it so they could take care of it?
Nope, just you! \ It seems most responsible to alert someone to clean it.
I behaved immature during the fight lately and lied, later on I felt remorse. \ That sounds awful. Who was it you wronged?
It was my wife, sadly. I explained to her later and admitted my mistake.  \ Was she understanding and forgiving?
Around 4 months ago, I had major surgery that caused me to be immobile for a few weeks. \ I'm so sorry you had to go through that! What happened?
Well, I had lots of support from my family, but I felt afraid of getting back into the swing of things for fear of failing. I felt so vulnerable. \ I'm sure it was a very difficult experience. you must be a really strong person to have gotten through that.
I love going to the gym because I feel stronger \ Nice! How long do you go to the gym for?
Probably half a year, been the most consistent in my life, how about you? \ I never even leave the house! I am the opposite of you!
One time I was so nervous to look at my grade for my final exam \ I feel that way sometimes when I check my bank account, how's school going?
I failed and dropped out! Now I live in my parents house doing nothing all day \ Word, college is tough, wishing you the best
I quit my job without having another one lined up.  I'm hopeful and optimistic that I will be okay and that this was the right choice. \ I'm sure you will be able to get another one fairly quickly!
I'm doing some work-from-home stuff and it's actually pretty fun! \ I hope that you see amazing results, and you continue to enjoy yourself!
I don't know why my boyfriend lied to me about seeing another woman. I thought he loved me. \ Do you think it's possible that he does still love you and also made a horrible mistake?
I'm not sure, but I'm hoping that he will realize he's messed up. \ I think that when people cheat and lie, it's because something is wrong with them and not their partner.  If he doesn't realize his mistake, then he doesn't deserve your love.  I wish you all the best!
Thank you so much. Hopefully, it all works out, and he comes back to me. \ I hope you realize your worth too. I do this thing where I think about another woman in my life who I really care about (mom, daughter, etc.) and I think "if this was happening to them, what kind of advice would I give them?"  Sometimes, we think we deserve less.
I was upset when the spurs traded away Khawi Leonard \ I understand that, he seemed to seal his own fate there, but still sad
yea, they should have forced him to play a little to see what would happen.  maybe he would change his mind \ Potentially, he seemed a bit deadset, but we do not know too much all in all
I was disappointed when I saw how much the Eagles tickets cost for their opener, I really wanted to go \ how much do they run?
about 350, and I wanted to bring my girlfriend, so all in all about 740 with fees \ damn.. how times have changed..
like who on earth writes var int value = 1, this is so ridiculous i am so annoyed at my brother, after everything i tought him, he doesn't even know the basics  \  and got upset with you?
no i was the one who was upset with him \  And why do not you try to teach your brother?
 really shameful was that I would be the same as I would happen the same \ what do you mean?
nothing forgot I wanted to tell you that today I was upset with my sister \ oh, what happend
Don't you hate it when you are not sure you can trust someone? \ yes i do, that's why i only trust one person, my wife
My son went on a field trip and needed some money for a snack and drink.  Unfortunately, I only had a $20. \ im sorry, what did happend next? how does that make you feel?
i am working so hard, that i can see a pile of money building up for my future  \ Good for you!  I hope it does not stress you out, though.
it doesn't i am taking regular breaks \ That is good.  Money is no good if you are not healthy enough to enjoy it.
It's tough to talk to my parents, but I try to talk about things we don't disagree on \ That is unfortunate, what do you usually avoid talking about?
Anything political or religious really, or relationships \ Well I hope one day your parents are more accepting!
One time I saw a creepy person run towards me in the night out in the streets \ Dang, how fast did you run away?
I froze up because I was terrified. It was just my brother though \ Did you tell him how creepy he is lol
Hey, guess what, you will not believe what just happened to me.  \ What happened to you?
I let a stranger borrow my cellphone to make a phone call, but he ended up dashing off with my phone \ That's horrible! Did you have any sort of tracker on it?
I had my dog for 13 years before she passed away last year from cancer. It was devastating! \ Oh no I am so sorry to hear that. Are you planning on getting  a new dog? 
Probably not for a while. She was a great companion, but I don't think my heart is ready to bring in a new dog quite yet. \ Aww, yeah I know what you mean. Dogs are so lovable. I also have a new pup myself. I got him a couple years ago
Lately I was sharing memories with my wife from before we got married and it was heartwarming. \ Awwe that is so sweet, how did you two meet? 
We met online actually! And we were across the ocean from each other. That was a journey. \ Wow that sounds like a really big journey. It must have been really hard to connect with one another only through online chats.
I miss the good old days when we would be given pancakes on Tuesdays at school. I loved pancake Tuesdays.  \ Mmm that sounds delicious. There is always time to make pancake Tuesdays at home!
Haha yeah, but it doesn't feel the same because I miss being able to enjoy it with all my classmates. It was always a great time full of laughter and chatter \ I see, memories will always stay, sometimes good old days just can't come back.
I was horribly wronged by someone I thought I could trust. The feeling was devastating, and I've always struggled with forgiveness. \ Oh my, what happened? I'm so sorry, no one should treat anyone they care about poorly.
They were dishonest and physically cruel. We have gone our separate ways, but I truly hope they can learn to treat others better. \ I'm sorry hun, you deserve to be treated better than that. I hope you know that.
Last month I came home from work and noticed my cat wasn't feeling well, so I rushed her to the vet. I had to put her down. \ I'm so sorry, that is the worst feelings. I had to put my dog down as well. I know you did the right thing.
I know, I just really miss her. Poor cancer kitty. I loved her so much. \ Cats are really some of the greatest companions. How old did she live?
Have you ever tried skydiving before? \ I haven't, but it's definitely on my bucket list!
I thought I was going to pee my pants until the instructor told me how many years of experience he has under his belt.  \ I bet it helped having someone there who knew what they were doing. 
yeah, it is. 15 years and over 500 jumps helped ease my anxiety lol \ I have a friend who recently became certified as an instructor. He jumps almost every weekend. He will be taking me when I go!
How old were you the first time you ever drove a vehicle? \ I believe I was fifteen. I drove a soccer mom van!
That's ironic. I was 13. I decided to take my mom's van for a joyride. \ Did you ever get caught?!
While I was packing my stuff to move, I found Old high school pictures. It made me think of all the good times  I had. \ That is awesome, what types of photos did you find? Anything funny or silly? 
Well more of my old best friend. I have not seen her i a long time.We went through alot together. It was nostalgic to me.  \ Aww yeah, those are great times that you can never really go back to. Sometimes I also wish I could go back in time...maybe you could call her up again and catch up on the last few years! 
I let a stranger borrow my cellphone to make a phone call, but he ended up dashing off with my phone \ Oh no! I would have been furious! Were you able to catch him?
No, but what was even more devastating was that there was a forest fire in the area, so I also ended up losing my house :(  \ Oh im so sorry! I bet your are devestated! I would be tool.
MY roommate got a new cat last week, and we finally let them meet today. I was so nervous and worried about it. \ how did it go?
It went okay. My cat bopped him a little and growled a lot but no real swipes. So better than expected I guess. \ That's good some things just take time
I went out with the girls and didn't cheat on my bf \ Oh okay.... was that even a temptation to begin with?
well he \ Alrighty then, just seemed like a really weird thing to say. 
I've been anxious because I think my new landlords don't approve of dogs in the house I'm renting and I have a dog! \ Oh no that is awful! It is against the law where I live to ban animals from the house. So legally I am allowed to have a pet even if the contract says no pets allowed. 
Really? I did not know such laws exist but it's awesome. Where do you live? \ Canada! You should check the laws in your area to see whether or not you are legally allowed to have a pet even if the land lords do not approve.
My mother has been diagnosed with diabetes, so I have been taking care of her diet. I am worried about her health \ I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she'll be doing good, she is very lucky to have someone taking care of her.
Yes she is, I really love her because she has brought e up all on her own \ You must have a very good connection, that's beautiful.
I was looking forward to one of my favorite shows coming back on and it was cancelled. \ Was it Roseanne?
That wasn't it but that was another one that I was glad came back and then was sorry to see go.l \ Me too. What show are you talking about?
I don't live in a good neighborhood. I feel bad for the kids who grow up here. \ That can be a hard situation to deal with. Any chance of moving?
Hopefully I will be getting a house next year. \ Good for you. Just hang on best you can until your in a better place.
When I was pregnant with my first born, it was considered a high risk pregnancy. It made me very worried and anxious throughout. \ I can imagine. How did things turn out?
I had to have emergency surgery in the end, but being able to hold my healthy baby was the greatest blessing I could have asked for. \ I'm so glad you made it through
The spilled soda echoed so loudly  in the library it was embarrasing \ Oh no! Hopefully you didn't get too many nasty stares!
a few I could have  melter \ Oh well, accidents happen!
I'm so happy summer classes are officially over and I'll be able to relax for a week! \ Great what will you be doing during your time off ? 
I'm not even sure what to do with all this time! I guess I should relax or have some leisure time, but everything in me says to try and be productive even on break. It's that school mentality. \ I agree with you,you'll feel good about yourself being productive !
I'm so annoyed, a coworker of mine was asking me questions about an argument that happened between me and another coworker and I told her what was the problem and then we talked a bout it, I thought she was concerned because I seemed upset but the next day she started telling everyone to make me look like a bad person \ I've had a similar experience with a gossiping coworker. It made the workplace such an uncomfortable environment!
Yes and I learned my lesson I won't confide so easily to people ! \ It's a good lesson to learn! Don't worry about it too much. I am sure that the truth will surface eventually.
When moving out of my old family home, I came across a few bags of stuffed animals I had as a kid. Probably 20 animals total. \ wow that sure is a lot of stuffed animals, did you play with toys alot at a kid?
I'd say so. I had a big imagination as a child, but that was replaced by other interests as I matured. \ what kind of interests?
being alive is so much stress and anxiety, why does it have to be like this? why can't we just all express our individual selves, instead we are forced to work so that we can eat  \ It's not fair, eh. Having to suppress those feelings day in and day out is significantly harder than the mundane work itself. At least it's comforting know that most everyone feels the same? 
Yes, it's true we all know this inside out, but we still continue to work on our meaningless lives, the funny thing is we all know but no one is acting, if we all acted we would be living in a much more beautiful and free life, not one which just gives the impression of freedom, that's all there is now, faking but i guess the one thing that is true is my feelings \ Maybe if we weren't so attached to being creatures of comfort. Some things we just can't let go of, wouldn't exist without some poor shmuck having to do the dirty work. I guess we're all that shmuck to someone, someway or another.
I watched a movie the other night that really got me in my feelings. \ Oh wow, what ovie was it and how did it make you feel? 
I don't remember the name. I was watching it with a friend and they put it on but it was about a son who found his birth mother after many years apart. \ oh wow that sounds very emotional, I think I would have needed a bucket to catch all my tears. 
I am so happy, my son has just got into med school! \ That's very exciting! I'm sure he put a lot of work towards that.
Yes he sure did, 5 years of hard work at university completing his masters degree in biology! \ All the work paid off!
My sister came to visit from out of state. It was the first time we've seen her in nearly a decade! \ That must have been exciting to see her after so long. Does she live very far away?
Yes she lives on the other side of the country. We had a nice dinner, but my boyfriend is a loud chewer and a sloppy eater. It was quite embarrassing! \ That's a shame. Does your sister have a bad impression of your boyfriend after having dinner with you?
I just bought a new dress and I can't wait to wear it this weekend. \ I love buying new clothes! Where do you think you'll wear it to?
I'm going to wear it to a party. Everyone will have their eyes on me! \ How exciting! I bet you'll look flawless!
i am so disappointed in myself, i could have do so much better at work but i guess it wasn't my day, i was not able to focus \ I liked my friend very much and believed that he can not talk negatively about me
what makes you so sure? anything can happen i mean just look at murphy's law  \ May be you are right. But sometimes, you go with your heart not with the law. Murphy's law may not work in every situation.
Few years earlier, I was almost going to end a frienship with my frind after hearing that he was talking bad things about me. It was a bad experience after all. Sometimes I share that experience with you guys \ did  you end up ending the friendship?
no. I did not believe that and I continued my friendship.  \ you didn't let anything affect the friendship! that's good i am proud of you
My grandma ended up getting really sick this last week. \ Oh no, I am sorry to hear that. How is she doing and how are you holding up? 
She is getting much better. My family and I did everything we could to take care of her. \ That is great that she has such a great support group and loving family members to support her. I hope she gets well soon! :)
I am looking forward to my wedding date! Of course you are also invited! :)  \ Oh that is definitely something to be excited about!
Yes it sure is, I have know Chris since we were 5 years old. I can not believe we have finally come this far and are getting married!  \ That is quite unique. I'm happy to hear that!
i feel so guilty, my sister crying because 'someone eat her cake' that she had been saving for 2 days now, and that someone was non other than me... \ Oh no, maybe buy her a new cake to make it up to her!
oh wow you are such a genius! why didn't i think of that before... there is always a bright side to everything \ Yes there is! Maybe throw in a cupcake too, I am sure she will forgive you in a heart beat! I know I would. :) 
I tripped over my foot and landed face first in front of a group of hot jocks. I am so embarrassed! \ that must have been so painful, don't get embarrassed it happens to everyone, people fart in public transports, people fall and rip their jeans, people cry over stupid things, it's a totally normal thing 
Haha, yes you are totally right! I am sure they will forget about it soon :)  \ you sure will, besides hot jocks doesn't sound too bad too me :3
A few months ago I could barely walk up a flight of stairs without having to catch my breath, but I bit the bullet and have been training. \ how has that been going for you?
Wonderful! It's definitely hard work, but I continue on, even on the days I don't want to. Today I discovered I can now comfortably run an uphill mile and I feel very confident! \ that's amazing!
My best friend is  keeping all of my life's savings at her house \ Was that your idea? Why did you decide to do that?
i spend way too much money \ You must really trust her to let her hold on to your life's savings!
words cannot describe how happy i am, in 2 weeks time i will go and see my wife i am so joyful and exciting  \ I am so happy for you! Why have you been apart for the past two weeks?
no we live in a long distance relationship (not for long though) so it's hard for me to see her, but i will be able to see her after 6 months apart   \ Awesome to hear that you'll get to live with your loved one soon
My boss told me about a potential job opportunity and I've been waiting to hear if it's going to happen \ nervous?
A little bit. I am mostly excited about it though \ that's good! excitement and nervousness are both the same, so it's very hard to tell, but it's amazing you are able to convert all the bad feelings into positive ones! good luck 
It seems like today everyone in the grocery store was in such a rush. Hurrying around! \ Yeah, that can be annoying especially in Walmart since so many people go there. It stresses you out when you don't need it to.
Yes! They cut in front, and bump into you. Plus being rude while they do it  \ Yeah, everyone just seems miserable, so it kind of drags you down, too. But it's a necessary evil.
My long distance girlfriend surprised me when she flew in to visit me this past weekend \ Aww, that is so sweet! I'm sure you were very happy
I was ecstatic. It was before school has started, so I had a lot of free time. Couldn't have been planned better. \ Oh yeah, definitely! She seems like a very good girlfriend to do that for you. Sounds like y'all have a good future ahead.
I was very prepared for my final exam. It was so easy. \ That's a great feeling. Going in knowing you'll do well, and then actually doing well.
If I'm being honest, I made an answer key from the quizzes we took this semester. As they say, work smart, not hard. \ Ingenuity like that will reward you in the real world. Academia is a system, and if you game it, you've won.  
My grandfather passed away, and when I found out it had already been several weeks after the funeral happened. \ My condolences to you. Will you be able to visit his gravesite?
Unfortunately it's a very long ways away. I hope someday too, though. It's important, if only for closure.  \ Yes, it will be worth saving up for. I hope it works out for you.
I had a terrible experience at the grocery store today. \ Oh no what happened, are you alright? 
Yeah, I'm alright. But I dropped a jar of pasta sauce and it ended up shattering. Sauce got all over the floor. \ Oh no that must have been a terrible experience, I hope no one got hurt from the shattered glass.
I saw my boyfriend with another girl yesterday and they were sitting shoulder to shoulder next to each other...it made me so jealous \ I hope that nothing came of it though.
Yes me too, I did not want to seem like a jealous stalker so I didn't stay behind to find out what happened afterwards. \ I'm sure nothing happened! Gotta have some trust.
I aced all my classes this semester, so Im hoping and thinking my GPA will be a 4.0 \ That's what I like to hear! What changes did you make this semester to achieve your possible 4.0?
I actually gave more effort this semester, so I will continue to do goo and hope to get into nursing school next year. \ wow. that's awesome! you'll need  that work ethic in nursing school for sure.
I know I can pass my calculus test today! \ Great confidence! what do you anticipate your grade to be
I want to shoot for at least a 90-100%.  Can you believe all I needed was a tutor \ You prepared well! You will do goo.
I am totally going to win first place tomorrow in the biology contest! I studied for months for this!  \ That's great! good luck
Thanks, I am only worried about missing my school bus to school  \ why is that?
I always sleep through my alarms \ I can agree with that
My mom passed away it's still so hard \ I a so sorry to hear that. How are you coping with your loss? 
Thank you just one day at at a time \ Yes, sometimes that is the only thing you can do. I hope you are also getting some support from family and other friends 
My cousin was swinging recklessly on my hammock and ended up breaking it! \ Oh no! I would be very furuios!
I was very upset, especially considering how long it took me to get it set up. I loved laying in my peaceful hammock to read. \ I would be devastated! Maybe he wont do it agian.
So everything for a party im throwing this weekend is ready and everything is paid for. I have it ready last week so I wouldnt stress. \ It sounds like you're quite the organized person!
Yea. I like to have things ready and done prior to make sure everything goes well. \ I'm the same way a lot of the time. It's really a good way to avoid any unnecessary disasters.
I received a phone call the other day from a friend I hadn't heard from in ages. \ Oh wow, I bet that was nice. Hopefully y'all had a good talk.
We reminisced about old times. It was very nice, indeed. It was nice hearing from him, especially during some rough times! \ Well, that is fantastic. Hopefully y'all will be able to meet up in the future real soon too. 
I have a weekend of nothing but relaxation planned for this weekend. \ That sounds amazing. How are you planning to relax?
I have some leftover roast in the fridge so I don't even have to leave the house. I'm going to watch a lot of netflix and MAYBE do a little laundry. \ That sounds very relaxing. Don't forget the snacks for netflix!
I have all my ingredients ready for the baking contest tomorrow! I am so excited to cook against high class chefs \ You sound prepared for it! Im sure you have practiced.
Yes I have I can decorate a cake in less than 30 minutes! :)  \ Very nice! Keep the confidence and dont doubt yourself tomorrow.
Im going to ask my girlfriend to marry me this weekend! I have no doubt in my mind she will say no \ That is so exciting! Best of luck to you man! I doubt she would reject such a great guy like you. :) 
Thanks! I think we are doing well so i wont be disappointed or sidetracked by a no from her. \ That is great, I would also be surprised if she said no to a man like you! 
I keep having these dreams that I am out in public and somehow my clothes disappear. It's awful.  \ that could possibly indicate that you are a free creature! and you don't like to be caged! don't worry about it the dream, as they are only metaphorical
I hate those dreams, I feel anything but free. They're really uncomfortable and make me nothing but a ball of negative emotions like anxiety as I spend the majority of the dream trying to find clothes and get away from people.  \ Don't worry, you're wearing clothes now aren't you? :)
i am so afraid... afraid that i am not giving too much to the world, what if i parish not having done anything? \ I wouldn't worry too much about it. None of it really matters, if we make a difference or not, we all end up dust in the end.
no, i don't believe that, whether you are having a bad day or not if you look at everything clearly you will see there is a next stage, just like birth death is a process \ If telling yourself that makes you feel better, I found all of that to be much more stressful. To be completely honest with you I think people invented stories about the after life to make them more comfortable with death.
Hi Bob \ Hey what is up? 
I had an issue with a friend the other day \ Oh, no want to talk about it?
I am so mad, my dog ate my homework that I spend 2 hours on, so now I have to redo the whole thing!  \ Oh no, that's terrible, what are you going to do?
I guess I will just have to redo everything if my teacher does not believe me :(  \ Well that's no good, you could try taping it back together
One of my friends recently bought a house. I really wish I could afford a house. \ Wow that is great for your friend! and don't stress it, we are still young and have plenty of time to save up for a house!
I'm starting to feel like I will never be able to afford a house. They're just so expensive. And the market has been going up here about 5% a year for the past 10 years. \ Wow that is crazy, I know how you feel, the best solution is to probably find a cheap place to rent out until it is possible to buy one. 
I have been married to my husband for 40 years and still love him with all my heart \ That's great I always love to hear about happy couples. Too much bad news in the world.
Yes I totally agree, we are celebrating our 41 year anniversary tomorrow :)  \ Oh, eats lots of cake and make sure to have a nice dinner with candles. Maybe a bubble bath too.
I felt guilty when I broke our house window with a football \ Oh no... maybe you can get it fixed asap so no one will be upset? 
It is fixed now, but at the time it was a big deal \ I am sure it was glad its fixed 
Today I came across an old diary that I wrote in when I was younger.  \ How does it hold up now?
Its holding up pretty good! :) looks brand new still lol  \ well that is good, that seems rare!
Hello \ Hi there, how're you?
I am doing fine.  How are you? \ I'm doing well. It's quite early in the morning though, that's for sure.
The first night I finally moved into my new place was very nice. I finally had my own spot, to myself, and the means to afford it comfortably. \ I know the feeling When you finally have your own place to do what you want.  
It's pretty liberating. Would be hard to come back from that freedom though. Hard to imagine it. \ Good or bad I have been in that situation many times.  More recently when I was separated from my current wife.  My own place.  Finally!
I ended up staying at home for the holidays \ why is that? comfort ?
No all my family lives out of state. I didn't feel like traveling, but I just ended up sitting at home and watching lord of the rings in the dark. \ OH NICE! THAT'S SOUNDS SO AMAZING, I love watching lord of the rings every now and then, did you watch all the sequels all over again?
the world is such a disgusting place now, i wish i was born back in the 70s  \ Yeah, 70s were incredible, the dancing the cars, the women had style and the music was incredible.
RIGHT?! but now is just so bad, i wish i could go back \ But we got to make the best of it, pretty soon elon musk will release flying cars and then life will be amazing again.
today everyone said congratulations to me, as i succeed in making an amazing app, and now i am so greatful to be alive!  \ Congratulations on your success! I bet you worked incredible hard to achieve your goals.
thank you! it's always nice to tell you these things, you don't get jealous and you are just happy for me, thank you \ There will always be people that are jealous of your success, but it is up to you to be the bigger person and handle it with grace.
I accidentally took my friend's food and felt very embarrassed after. \ why? what did he do?
Nothing, I had just mistaken it for my food but when I realized it wasn't, I became red in the face. \ oh i know this feeling, but don't worry it's okay! these things happen, soon feeling will disappear 
I came home from work today to a disaster. My dog chewed up the new couch i just purchased. \ Oh no, can you return it or get a refund?
No I didnt purchase insurance. When i saw it my blood was boiling! \ I am sorry to hear that, I would have felt the same way. 
I am hopeful that I will get into law school this year. I studied really hard for it.  \ I hope you do too. Sounds like you did well preparing. 
Yes I did, I spent 4 hours every day for a whole year studying for this test to get into law school.  \ Very good! I anticipate you will get in!
I gave my dog away to a family today. I did not have time for him since work and school take alot of it up. \ That has got to be rough. At least it has a home now that hopefully has more time.
I agree, but im praying they will take care of him. hes just a puppy. \ I'm sure they will be great to him and he'll bring them joy as well!
I saw my girlfriend getting real friendly with another guy at the bar last night \ OH no! Are you the jealous type?
It definitely had me feeling a little uneasy about the whole situation. \ OH man! Yeah I would of felt the same way!
I bumped into a friend from middle school. We chatted for a while \ Wow, that must have been nice to catch up. When was the last time you saw your friend?
Before 9th grade. I moved away that summer. Seeing her brought back a lot of good memories \ Seeing old friends that you have not contacted in so long is a nice feeling. 
Today I needed to take my dog to the vet but I couldn't so I asked my sister to go. I am sure she will be able to handle it. \ Is your dog ok?
Yes she is fine, it is just for a check up. I am sure my sister will not have any problems. \ Does your sister usually have problems?
I just ate the most disgusting thing ever!  \ What did you eat?
I ate meal worms! They were still alive and I could feel them crawling in my mouth \ That sounds like the worst feeling.
I have a test coming up next week. \ oh no do you feel ready for it? 
I'm super ready for it! I spent so much time studying over the last week. \ That is great, I believe that you will do amazing! 
I AM SO ANNOYED! i have been trying to solve this math problem for 2 hours now \ Oh that sounds really annoying. maybe you can look it up online or get someone to help?
there isn't any solution it's a century award i am working on, it's the problem of non-polynomial descent  \ Oh I see, well good luck to you, I hope you'll solve it soon.
I misunderstood what someone said to me, I tried to help but in turn it all turned out awkward and the conversation went wrong. \ ah i know this feeling, how did the conversation go?
They kind of went off on me ad disagreed. What I said wasn't offensive, just irrelevant though lol. \ it's okay, next just tell them that you didn't quiet understand what they meant and so they will explain it again
I had a doctors appointment at 9 am and they kept me waiting for almost 2 hours. \ Really!? That is very unprofessional of them to make you wait for so long.
It was terrible I ended being late for work because of their horrible service. \ That is frustrating. You should complain to them.
I was throwing away my old stuff when I came across my old toys but I could not throw them out because they meant so much to me. \ You shouldn't be so attached to your old stuff, you might end up a hoarder!
That is true, they have survived staying with me all these years because they brought me so much joy. \ Well that is a good reason to keep holding on to something!
I am feeling anxious about my test tomorrow  \ Oh no. Did you study for it?
No i completely forgot about it so I have been cramming all night :( \ I hope it goes better than you expect! Cram all that information into your brain!
I'm really feeling alright about how my life is going right now. \ That is great, what has been going on in your life recently?
I've just been getting things done. Nothing has been going amazing but nothing really sucks either. \ That is good, sometimes that is all you really need to do, get things done  one step at a time :) 
Tomorrow the results will be announced. Awaiting eagerly! \ The results for what?
It's competitive exam and the last level. one step to go to get a government job.  \ Well, best of luck, I am sure you did awesome!
I miss being a kid, all the games I played with neighbors, just great times \ Childhood is a boon and it never be taken again. But everyone wishes to do so. 
That is for sure, I just miss those days a lot \ Me too. Try to spend time with kids. We can get into their life for sometime.
I always am prepared for hurricanes. \ I live in Texas, We really dont have to worry about them here.
I love Texas. \ Texas is a great place! But I can understand the need to want to be prepared.
So i got a huge bonus at work last week! \ How much?
It was enough that I was able to pay off my car and a lot of bills. \ Cool. What kind of car.
I am terrified of spiders, one time I saw one on my wall and stared at it for hours to keep track of where it was  \ What makes you so afraid of them? They do eat all the other creepy-crawlies, after all. 
It's all their legs and eyes...*shivers* just imagining it gives me chills up my spine! \ True, they aren't a very visually appealing species. But at least they're more afraid of you, that's some consolation. 
When I was in middle school, I remember seeing a question on the board and feeling positive that I knew the answer. When all was quiet and the teacher asked if anyone knew the answer, I confidently spoke up, only to be incorrect \ Oh no how did you feel?
An odd combination of wanting to die, and not wanting to exist. Like, I basically wanted to reverse time.  \ I totally understand that feeling and know what you mean! But I wouldn't sweat over it, it happens to the best of us and we learn fro our mistakes!
I wanted to try out a new brand of headphones but instead stuck with the good old Beats. I was loyal to them. \ I usually stick with what I know also
Tried and tested is safe! \ Absolutely, Especially when spending a lot of money
My son was extremely sick but I had to be at work that day so I had to leave him with my mother in law \ That sounds awful. I hope he is better now!
Much better, and I knew she would take good care of him \ It's wonderful you had someone like your mother to help!
The past few months have been terribly rough, but I think I can say that they have made me stronger. \ Oh no, I am sorry that you have been having a rough time, but I am glad to hear that you have grown from your experiances.
Thank you. I hope that I can move forward and at least learn from these hardships. \ Yeah I believe that you will be able to, but never forget you are not alone! I am always here if you need some moral support :)
I feel so guilty, I promised my friend I would come to her birthday party but forgot about it \ Oh no! Maybe you can get her a gift and some sweets to make up for it?
You are brilliant! I can't believe I did not think of that, I will definitely get her some sweets to make it up to her  \ Hopefully she will understand!
 I am so happy I just got a new puppy!  \ Awesome, I bet you're with your puppy all the time now :)
Yes of course! He is the cutest pup, and full of energy!  \ Puppies are so wonderful, I'm happy for you!
I saw someone who was making much more money than me doing a the same thing as me but a very bad job. But I still wished I was on their place and paid as much \ I know what you mean, maybe ask if the place is hiring? 
