I'm seeing my boyfriend for the first time in person for 1.5 years because he's been serving in the Army. I'm excited but have butterflies too and am nervous about it. \ oh wow i didnt even know they go for that long. i hope all goes well for you all!
Thanks, I just hope he still likes me because a lot can change and we haven't been in communication that often.  \ well is he going back?
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ Oh no.  What happened?  Is your dog okay?
my dog is missing  \ Oh no! I'm so sorry!  I assume you don't have a Chip implanted to track it? That's awful, I'd be furious!
Once I took a sip of iced tea while I was driving and it went down the wrong pipe. I had to pull over so I could try to breathe again. \ That's scary when that happens
Yeah it is. I thought I was about to die lol \ Some people DO die from choking, be safe!
A loud boom went off tonight. Scared me to death.  \ Wow that would scare me too. What caused it?
Another gunshot likely. Sometimes it's hard to tell- they aren't allowed legally to do fireworks here except on the day of...but they do the bomb one sometimes :/ It's scary as often it IS gunshots...I'm in the ghetto. \ Sorry to hear that you're in that situation. Hope you stay safe
I have an outside cat that I let come in every so often just to enjoy her company while relaxing. Usually it's not an issue, but tonight she pooped on my floor! I \ Oh no! Is she stressed about something?
I'm not sure. Do they do that when they get stressed? I just thought maybe I kept her inside too long. \ Ahh, that could be it. Sometimes when my cat is stressed she poops or throws up.
People say I sing really well. I used to be in talent shows at school \ That's awesome. Maybe you have natural talent for it and should try to become a singer!
maybe, I want a steady career though, but singing is definitely super fun for me \ You could always post videos to social media in your spare time and see how well received it is. Many people have made it big starting out that way.
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ Oh no,what happened?
he left the gate open and he ran away \ That is so sad, I hope you find him.
I think I finally got everything together to apply to graduate school. \ how long is grad school?
For my particular program, 2 years. \ thats not bad, good luck
I volunteer at the animial shelter on weekends. \ Hey good for you!  Plenty of good boys and girls there?
So many, I wish I could bring every one of them home with me! I hate seeing them there not knowing how it feels to be loved so I make sure I show them. \ Yeah but at least they get to see you often so you can give them some love and pets!
Yes! I never miss a weekend and I think they look forward to me coming in because they always get so excited when they see me come in! \ That's awesome!  Keep up the good work, my friend :D
Thank you! I plan to never stop! \ That's so awesome!
I really hate my printer \ Is it acting crazy or just not working?
That stupid thing is always acting up.   \ You could name it Bob Marley since it's always "jammin" lol I couldn't resist
HAHA.  That's hilarious!  I might do that before I take it out to the field with a baseball bat! \ Record it and have a "Office Space" moment with it lol
I was very alone before I met my girlfriend and friend group \ How did you meet them?
Through my college! \ It's always nice to go somewhere you can meet a lot of new people.
My cashier gave me extra change back and I didn't say anything. \ Why is that?
Because I had also stolen some candy and wanted to get out as soon as possible. \ Oh that makes sense, well be careful
i am pissed that someone put a dent in my car \ I would be too, were you in a shopping center?
i was at walmart shopping for school supplies \ People are so careless.
My son just took his first steps, I am so excited. \ oh thats cool
It was so awesome to see. \ how old is he
I was so scared by the movie the Grudge, even to this day it still scares me today \ I have never even heard of that movie, but I'm sure it would scare me.  I have never watched a horror movie in my life, and I won't
I understand that, they are no fun to me \ Yeah, I get scared easily by everyday things I don't need to help my imagination along.  What do you do to keep yourself from thinking about it?
Some dude on the bus farted right next to me today. \ What did you say>
I just got up and moved.  He didn't even look around to see if anyone cared. \ That is nasty, but some people just do not care
I am excited for the new super smash bros, I cannot wait any longer \ When does it come out?
It comes out in december  \ I would love to play with you sometime.
I did my best but it wasn't enough to make the team. \ What team is that?
The high school hockey team. \ Oh, I am sorry to hear that 
The other day I made fish tacos and did nothing else all day but relax on the couch. \ Bet that was a nice calming down.
Very. It was nice and chill and low pressure, just how I like it. \ Did you get up to anything else fun?
My girlfriend is so kind. \ What makes you say that?
She let me confide in her all my bad things. \ I bet it felt really good to let that all out and to still be accepted by her.
Last week, I robbed my neighbor appartment. She forgot to close her balcony door. I feel bad about it now after seeing her crying. \ did you give her stuff back
No, I can't. She already called the police. \ she knows it was you?
i am hoping to win the lottery this weekend \ What happened?
nothing its just my time to win \ Good luck for this weekend.
I ran over a nail on the highway and I had to buy a whole new tire. \ That happened to me a couple months ago. It was a brand new tire which really sucked
Mine was, too. The nail was from construction. \ Was there construction going on near your house? Someone had done work on my roof and I think maybe the nail in my tire came from there.
A man came to my door with a gun, asking for money. \ Whoa, that is scary! Did you know him?
I did not know him. He took some items from the house as I didn't have any money on me \ I am glad that you are okay!
I recently had a birthday \ Well Happy Birthday!  Did you have a nice time?
I went on a trip with some friends but whrn I came back home I didnt feel too hor \ Oh no!  I hope you feel better now and that you had a good time while you were on the trip at least.
I don't know if you have kids, but my sister in law is a person that should have never had them. \ I do. Why do you say that about her?
She refuses to take care of them, letting my mother in law basically raise them, while she goes out and spends every dime she makes on herself. \ That's terrible. Her kids are going to resent her.
i  was scared to walk home last night \ Were you alone?
yes i was walaking alone in a wooded area \ I don't blame you, I would be scared too.  It seems like you got home alright though, so that is good.
I am having a new car delivered on Friday.  I can't wait! \ thats cool. what kind of car are you getting
It is a special edition Porsche.  It is a dream car! \ oh wow!
I did a walk a thon last week for back to school drive and needy kids it was s long walk but I finished it I felt so happy.  \ That sounds awesome, i bet you feel proud! Its nice to do things for kids who are in need.
I did before the walk I was un-assured I would finish but I did so I was overly proud and it was a great cause that raised lots of money.  \ Of course! Dont let fear of not finishing stop you from doing anything!
Went out to eat with my boyfriend the other day. Saw our waiter pick his nose and wipe it on his shirt. \ Oh gross, I would lose my appetite
It really was gross. I was so grossed out I asked to get moved to the bar so we could get a different server. \ Yeah, I would probably just leave the restaurant altogether
I like finding little resources or tips that change old habits I've been coping with in what seems like "1 easy step" \ Hahaha, sounds kind of like clickbait
Exactly, I started taping my mouth closed at night, finally woke up before noon, mission accomplished \ Hahahaha, that's so funny
I am so scared of snakes there was one in my back yard a few weeks ago. \ Oh my goodness, that is no fun.  Was it poisonous?
When I looked it up on line it was one of the garden snakes but I'm still frightened by them all lol even the harmless ones.  \ They can still bite, so it's better safe than sorry.  My father-in-law just got bitten by a black snake recently-not poisonous-but still painful.
I started taping my mouth closed before bed, and now I'm no longer tired when I wake up, feels like I am born again \ That is weird but amazing! Does it work?  If it does, I will get my husband to tape his mouth shut.  He snores like a freight train because his tongue slides back I guess.  Is that true for you?
Yeah, it \ Do you have any advice on what kind of tape?
I'm a neat freak and my house has to stay clean and in place always such a pet peeve of mines.  \ Do you have OCD?
Very bad and when my family has the house out of place I become so furious I just like things clean and in order. \ I just love when the house is clean, makes you feel good.
Sometimes life just hits you on the head with a good time. Like the other day when I went to the park with my girlfriend. \ That sounds like a nice time!
It was, but not just because of a romantic walk. When we arrived, there was a festival with games, performances and a fireworks display after sunset! It was incredible! \ Wow that worked out perfectly
My supervisor totally stole all the credit for a client I brought in. \ That's a bad supervisor. Did you call him/her out on it?
I totally did. And let the CEO know about his behavior. \ I hope he got in trouble!
I start back college next week I can't wait to finish getting my degree for me and my family.  \ Oh most are dreading going back to school. What's your major?
I'm going for nursing and I have dreaded going back for 6 years now but my support system pushed me to follow my dream I'm thankful to have them. \ Nursing can be difficult, but if you have determination and a good support system, I'm sure you'll do great!
I recently applied for a promotion at work. \ How'd it go?
I didn't get it. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope another opportunity comes up.
I'm shopping for a new bicycle! Can't wait to pick one out. \ That sounds like fun!  Are you big into biking?
I have been recently, yes. I'm using an old beat up hand-me-down mountain bike so getting the right bike for me is going to be so much fun. \ Mountain biking is great.  Is is really theraputic.  I hope you enjoy your new bike
The crime rate in my city is so high right now it breaks my heart and things need to change. \ That's horrible. What can people do to change things?
First thing get the young crowd out the streets and take the weapons away a 7 year old passed this weekend because of this it is so heart breaking. \ Yes! The weapons thing is so important. 
I was trying to study for a final but my neighbors were being really loud, and I had a hard time focusing \ Did you go over and ask them to turn down the volume?
No, I'm shy and try to avoid confrontation as much as possible \ Well, I hope you have some really good earphones - or that they quiet down - it's a big egotistical to think that no one around you cares when you are that loud.
I really should have switched banks a long time ago. Nobody over there knows their head from their butt! \ I know what you mean. Once I had a bank where the teller's literally had butts for heads. It was so distracting trying to talk to them.
That sounds truly bizarre! I guess I am still angry because the other day they froze my card, and due to a teller's mistake actually had to take my current card and mail me a new one! \ Well it was an upgrade from the bank I had where the tellers were actually robots. I can't believe the cost-cutting measures in place today!
Found out recently that one of my best friends from back home died in an accident. \ Oh my gosh! That is horrible! I am so sorry to hear that.
Thank you. I don't even have it in me to call her parents and offer my condolences yet, it's just too shocking. \ I understand that. Just give it some time and call when you are ready.
I went to a bar I used to go to in college, and I was surprised to see an arcade machine I built with a dear friend of mine! \ wow  thats nostalgic!!. It must have brought back lot of good memories
Yes, playing the machine we built together reminded me of all the good times we used to have. \ does the machine is in good condition now?
He passed away about 8 months ago and she's not doing well with it at all. \ I am so sorry to hear that. She might be hard to be around, but I hope you spend some time with her.
I'm asking my girlfriend to marry me this weekend. \ wow. congratualations. do you think she is expecting it?
She has no idea! \ what is the plan?
I cant wait for school to start for me. \ Most people are dreading it. How come you're looking forward to it?
Its my last year. I am almost done! \ Oh yea! Congratulations!
I saw this old lady's cart hit a car, and I didn't report her to the owner. \ What made you come to that decision, I get angry when people leave carts close to others cars. 
She was elderly, and the wind blew her cart. I just couldn't do it. \ Maybe it was a honest mistake then since she was elderly I see why you didn't want to give her up. 
I started my new job last week and already I feel part of the team.  \ That's great. Getting good coworkers is so hit or miss sometimes.
It is and that's why I was nervous but the staff was so kind and open.  \ That sounds like a wonderful place. I'm kinda jealous hahaha.
My daughter is already procrastinating in school \ That's not good. Procrastination can lead to a lot of stress.
I know. Its the first week of school. \ Hopefully she will learn quickly that it's better to get her school work done quickly
I hadn't been to the dentist in five years but made an appointment recently because of a toothache \ What happened?
I just started to feel a sharp pain in one of my teeth. It might be a cavity or something worse \ Are they going to pull the tooth?
There's a new cute girl on our volleyball team. \ Dang! Ask her out!
hahaha I think we should get to know each other for more than one day first?  \ Alright alright, you can go the slow route
One time someone kicked my dog! \ That's awful! What did you do?
Nothing! My dog was just walking passed him! \ No. I mean did you yell at the person or anything after they did it?
I just celebrated my 35th wedding anniversary and I have never been happier in my marriage! \ That is amazing!  So many people do not stay married these days, you should be proud of that accomplishment!
I am,  but I have to attribute most of it to my wife putting up with me for so long.  She is a saint! \ It's 100% for both of you!  It takes two to tango you know - Congrats on 35 years!
There have been a series of breakins in our neighborhood recently.  We've turned on all our flood lights hoping to dissuade them from coming here. \ That is not fun.  Do the police have any leads?
Not yet, and they are violent breakins.  Makes me very wary - we've got our alarm on also and a shotgun close by. \ That is a good thing.  Have you thought about getting a camera and posting that you have one on the property.
Man I feel so bad about last weekend :/ \ What happened?
I went to the bar and forgot to tip my waitress \ Oh no.  That is pretty bad.  Do you know who she is that you could go and leave her a tip? Mistakes happen and there's not much you can do.
I lost my Grandpa 2 months ago. He died within a week all of a sudden and I miss him every day. \ Oh man that's terrible :(  I'm so sorry. 
Thank you.  Its been tough.  He brought our family together.  It was his time I guess. \ Yeah.  My grandmother was like that too.  The backbone of the family.  We all went our separate ways pretty much after she died.  Don't let that happen to your family!
My best friend is finally getting married. \ That's great to hear! Will you be in the ceremony?
Maid of honor of course. She has been wanting to be married since I knew her \ I'm so happy for you! I am sure it will be a wonderful day for both of you!
I can't believe I am telling you this, but I actually camped out to buy tickets for the new star wars movie. \ Thats not strange at all
I'm glad you don't think so. The kicker is, when I got to the front of the line the guy in front of me got the last two tickets! \ That sucks. What did you do?
I went to the grocery store and they were out of my favorite cereal.  \ Ut oh.. what is your favorite?  I like so many I can't pick just one.
Blueberry Chex is my favorite.  I was quite upset about it. \ I haven't tried that one yet  I will now.  I love blueberries.. and I like chex.
I feel bad.. I had to leave my husband in the ICU and come home without him. \ Why is he in the ICU?
He had a lung transplant Friday Night \ I'm sorry, I hope he recovers!
My Year end appraisal is coming up. Am looking forward for a good hike \ What does that mean? A raise at work?
yeah , raise for this financial year!! \ oh. congratulations!
Im tired of being single \ you should hook up with somebody then!!
Sounds easy when you say it. Its not though \ it is not!! but you got to give it a try
My family had to go to a funeral out of state this week.  I hate being alone. \ That really stinks. You didn't go with them?
No.  I didn't know the person at all and I have to work. \ Ah. Well, I suppose it's a good thing you didn't know him. Less heartache for you, I suppose.
I have my interview for my new job tomorrow. Been practicing for it all week. \ That's great, how do you feel about it?
I feel extremely prepared for it. I have no doubt that I will get the job. \ Congratulations then.  What kind of job is it?
Seinor year. I am graduating a 35 year old single mom \ Congratulations on that. You truly did it. Age is just a number. I hope you have your whole life ahead of you yet
I am so excited. Its been rough. \ it is almost over. Senior year is the final one and it will pass quickly. Been there, done that
I have an interview tomorrow for a job i had applied. I feel fully prepared for all the questions and I am confident I will do fine \ You will. Being prepared always helps
Indeed. Display confidence during interviews is very attractive and leave a good impression on people interviewing you \ Thats right. I think you got it already. You know exactly what to do
Times are tough but with my family, life is good. \ That is true for some
Its true for me.  I am thankful to have my little family even if we do struggle a lot through life. \ If you love each other and stay close you will be fine.
Sometimes I get sad watching true crime shows \ I agree.  That happened to me and I had to stop watching them.  I worry too much about it happening to me or, even worse, my kids.
It terrible what some people do to others. \ I know. Hearing statistics doesn't help either.  Crazy people doing things every 3 seconds.
My girlfriend and I were going to a big parade with some friends. As we were leaving, she tripped on the stairs and hurt her ankle. \ Oh no, the poor girl. Was she able to walk afterwards?
Unfortunately, it swelled up and she was in no shape to go anywhere. So instead, I stayed with her and watched netflix while we split a pint of icecream. \ You're a terrific partner. You guys can do something outdoors next time, right?
I see so many dudes hitting on my friend's girlfriend. \ Some men are such animals. Is she very attractive?
Yea. I think that's very disrespectful of them. Yea. She's real eye catching. \ That
I dropped the stromboli. \ Dang, that must have been difficult to clean up, what did you eat after that?
My friend was really looking forward to it. We had ramen instead. \ Ramen, ah you must be in college?
My cat jumped through the window in the basement and it was the most shocking, but ultimately underwhelming thing \ hahaha why was it underwhelming?
I guess because furry things don't really scare me, I was like well that was a waste of a reaction \ lol how do you feel about spiders?
The high school I went to is being torn down for a condo \ I bet that is kind of sad to see it go.
It is extremely, and I feel bad for the kids. \ Where will the current students of that school go?
My life is going great right now. \ That's nice to hear! What's going on in your life?
Nothing new, I just have everything I need and want and couldn't ask for anything more. \ So many people just want more and more. I think you got it right.
I get my blood test results back tomorrow. I'm sure my results should be better than last year. \ i hope it will come better and it will!!
Thanks a lot. I trired to be real good with my health this year, so I hope so! \ you must have been very careful with the do'd and don'ts!!
I have hit a dog while driving on the road. but i didn't stop it was so late in the night \ Oh no. Accidents happen. I feel really sorry for the dog.
so am i. I felt bad to go back and do something about It!! \ Did you go back?
Hey you will not believe what Sara did last night. She left me at the bar all alone with a random stranger even though she knew I was intoxicated. \ Dang that Sara!  Did you tell her how unhappy you were with her?
Yes, I have known her for years so I forgave her but I really expected a lot more from her. You know what I mean?  \ Yeah I understand.  Maybe you should pay her back somehow.
Hmm, yeah any suggestions on what I could do? I don't want to do anything too mean or that could put her in any danger though of course.  \ Put sugar in her salt shaker next time you're at her house :D
I love that idea!  \ LOL.  Good luck!  Glad you made it home safe :)
Dude.  I tried something really gross the other night. \ Oh no...what did you do? 
EGGPLANT!!!  Have you ever had it?? \ Yes. I LOVE EGGPLANT! How could  you find that really gross? 
Ewww.  It was like..deep fried and stuff.  It was all mushy and gross.   \ Hahaha, well to each their own, because I love how eggplant is mushy. 
I'm glad someone likes it.  :D \ Yeah, and I don't think you can ever go wrong with deep fried food. Anything deep fried is delicious :D 
my three year old is getting evaluated soon for school \ That's really good! Is he very smart?
He is! I hope they let him start  \ I wish the best for your son. I am sure he will do well wherever he goes.
I have my final math exam tomorrow. I've been studying for weeks! \ Are you confident you will pass?
I am! I have never felt this good about a test in my life. \ Well you got this then
i was cleaning out and organizing my attic and found an old quilt from my grandma.  It made me feel kind of bittersweet.   \ Everything happens for a reason
That is right.  It brought back some pretty good memories from my childhood \ Right, nothing can take that awy
I was getting mad at the weights in the gym to see how much I could lift \ Why were you getting mad?  Were you not lifting as much as you wanted?
No not really, just seeing how much energy I could summon from within \ I see,  I do that too sometimes.  It helps with motivation
I have been avoiding watching a scary movie for months \ I used to like watching scary movies. Not my thing anymore.
Ive never liked them and I never will. I dont want to be a liar because I said I would. I wish I hadnt said that lol \ Maybe you can talk yourself out of it?
My dog died this time last year \ Im sorry to hear that
I'm glad I had the time with her that I did. \ Thats a good way to think about it
I'm pretty bummed I didn't get to see my sister when she was in town. I don't get to see her often. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Why did you miss seeing her?
I was really busy with work and she was only in town for a couple of dayS \ aw no. Maybe you should tell her that, so next time she'll come when you have time?
I'm gone vegetarian for over a year now. I wonder how my blood results will be \ I bet they will be a lot better, I heard vegetarian helps a lot with that.
I hope so, too. I've been kind of worried, because I keep reading about the negative effects as well. \ The only negative effect I've read is the lack of protein, but I'm sure there are substitutes!
I just missed getting run over by a 18 wheel truck the other day. \ OH goodness!  I'm glad you are ok, what happened?
I was steeping off the curb to go to my neighborhood grocery store when a delivery truck pulled out of the parking lot.  I had to run as fast as I could to avoid him cause he wasn't stopping. \ WOW!  That person needs to loose their license I believe - you are so blessed you were not hurt.
My husband and I just celebrated our 22nd wedding anniversary.  I cannot believe we've made it this far, so far. \ Congratulations!  Marriages take work but it is totally worth it when you have a good partner.  Did you do anything special for the anniversary?
He gave me a card and inside were two tickets for a cruise this spring! I've never been on a cruise and I cannot wait. \ I've never been on one either, but that sounds like so much fun.  Have a good time!
Everyone is aslee except for my son. He is really upsetting me \ Why is he not asleep? 
He is a crazy toddler and doesnt care that everyones else has school. \ He will learn with age.
I got pulled over by the cops in front of my son's school. \ Why?
I was speeding.  I was so humiliated.  \ In a school zone? thats not good
Just fought my brother after hockey. \ oh why!! do you guys support separate teams!!
We did and I was going hard at him during the game \ poor him !! you should have bee angry or furious!!
My dad's cancer is getting worse day by day. \ What kind of cancer?
Blood cancer. am afraid i will loose him \ You gotta have some faith.
I was so let down. I did not get any presents for my birthday. \ That is horrible, but I've been there myself.  It's hard to not be upset about it.
I know.  But it's still upsetting to think no one cares. \ I know what you mean, it is hard.  The only advice I have is that God is always there even when no one else is.
My dad and I were talking about the past, just reminiscing a bit. I'm going to miss these times. \ I miss my dad.. been so long.   What did you guys talk about?
Mostly just my childhood and some of his.  His mind is going quickly, there won't be too many more conversations like that. \ my mom had Alzheimers.. it sucks!
I can't wait for Friday to get here! \ Me either! Do you have any plans?
Yes, I'm going tubing down some rapids.  I love doing it every year and its supposed to me sunny and clear! \ That's sounds like a blast! I've never been courageous enough to attempt that.
I cheated on my math test the other day. I felt pretty rotten about it. \ What prompted you to do that?  Did you tell someone and clear your conscience?
I haven't yet - you're the first that I've told. I have a feeling I won't be able to sleep tonight. \ Best thing you can do is tell the truth and clear it up. Its not worth it and you only cheat yourself.  You can do it and you'll feel better.
My cat ran away and had been missing for over a week. \ oh that so sad!! Did you try searching him everywhere!!
I did and then we discovered she had been ran over. \ omg !! you would have been devastated!!
My friend got into accident last month!! \ That is too bad. Are they okay?
No he is not!! i am afraid his leg might be removed \ Oh that is horrible! I cannot imagine what he must be going through!
I look at my facebook memories every day \ How come? What year did you join?
I dont even remember when I joined. The memories are so cute though. I can see my kids gtoeing up all over again \ Oh that's nice, yeah it's a good feature of Facebook
I'm excited to start a new project at work \ Cool. Are you in charge?
yeah I have my own team, but I'll need to put in a lot of time \ Sounds like a lot of work ahead
I am sick and have a big meeting this week, not happy. \ I'm sorry you don't feel well, is it a cold or something more serious?
It is a stomach flu. \ I hope you feel better before this big meeting - or maybe you can reschedule it or something.
I cannot wait until next spring, I'm doing something that I've never done before. \ What are you going to do?
We are going on a cruise, all by ourselves, no kids! \ I love cruise, I go on at least one every year.
I am so nervous.. my stomach is in knots. \ Legs weak arms are heavy?
no.. \ oh.
There's too many things to think about \ You are good at generalizing aren't you?
Yeah, what am I getting myself into \ I have no clue.. really I don't!
I am so happy. I start my new job this week \ That's great, what job is it?
I am going to be a birthday clown. \ I have never met someone who has done that for a job.
I am ready for my new job. \ Are you a birthday clown?
No, I work in finance. \ Wanna invest in a clown?
My cousin, who am seeing after a very long time grew up so tall.  I used to tease him a shorty \ Do you feel bad for teasing him?
it was fun though in family. I was pleasantly surprised he grew a foot more than me \ Yeah, it's funny how drastically people can change as they grow.
I got laid off from a job that I really used to love. \ Woah that's really bad!! Is it due to cost cutting? They let you off.
Sort of, the company was being run into the ground by poor management. It hurt at first but then I realized just how much I'd started to hate the work and the company. \ it happens!! i hope you will find a better job with a better company!!
my new neighbors are the worst ones yet \ Did you get a chance to talk to them yet, and introduce yourself?
Its been a week and every day I am picking up their trash of the stairs \ Have you considered getting back at them by pranking them?
I just finally won some money playing scratch lotto tickets. \ how much did you win?
Close to $20,000, I think I'm going to spend it on traveling. \ Thats sounds like a fun trip or 8
My friends are in the process of adopting a child through DFACS.  It's been going on for so long though! \ That's so awesome!  Are they adopting domestically or abroad?  My husband and I tried to adopt from Japan but our paperwork expired before we could and then I got pregnant. I hope it goes well for them!
No domestically.  It's been a pretty nerve-wracking adventure for everyone. \ It will be so worth it when that child is in their arms!  I'm so happy for them and the child they are saving!
I told my friend that a guy didn't like her. I like him so I didn't want her to go after him. I feed bad though because he might have a thing for her. \ What do you think you are going to do, are you going to talk to him and find out?
I guess to make things right, I'll find out and if he says he does like her, I'll just do what's right and try to get them together.  If we're not meant to be then we're not meant to be. \ Or you could find out he has a thing for you!  I hope either way that it works out for all of you.
I am currently in the process of building a computer. \ Oh, have you done this before?
No, but I am sure it will be easy. \ Wow, good luck sounds realy hard to me.
I can't believe I lost my phone today while running errands. \ Oh no, that's the worst.
Sad part is I have no idea which store that's why I am so upset. \ I hope you can get it back somehow!
I love my husband. We have been married for 22 yrs. \ Hey that's amazing!!!  You don't see that often these days
Well it is my second marriage.. but hey at least its a long one. \ You got that right!  Good job :D   What do you all do these days?  Anything fun?
I went to check the mail the other day \ What was in there?
I received a pretty awesome check from my insurance company!  That was quite the pleasant surprise!! \ Nice!!!  Nothing better than getting money in the mail!
I went to a play recently that was unconventional in a really fun way. It actually took place at a pool. \ that sounds cool.
It was an adaptation of "The Last Unicorn". It had parts that took place in the water, and parts that took place on a giant trapeze! \ Wow. I would love to see something like that
I cant wait to leave this apartment \ I am sure you are looking forward to it. What don't you like about it?
Every neighbor I have had is terrible. Its like a bad luck apartment \ Sorry about your bad luck. Glad you are getting out of that place!
So Bob got the promotion at work even though I put in all those hours. \ That's gotta be terrible. Why did they pick him instead of you?
They made us both take a test. I geuss he scored better than me. \ I'm sorry to hear. Will you have another chance to get promoted?
My neighbor's kid just lost his eyesight. The whole family is devastated. \ O im sorry to hear that! How did it happen?
His vision was gradually getting worse. Suddenly, his vision got really blurry one day and they called emergency. \ Does he not have a chance to regain his eyesite?
I got a new puppy. She's really cute and playful \ What did you name her?
I named her Layla. \ Thats so cute!
I was supposed to get my license reinstated before court tomorrow \ Will you be in trouble for not reinstating it?
I dont know. I hope not. I did pay the tickets though so maybe the judge will be nice \ I hope it works out for you.
i was so mad.  I came home and my back door was left open. \ Did anything get stolen?
No.. but I have four dogs.. They could have gotten out. \ I'm glad they didn't run away.
I remember having sleepovers with my friends as a kid. \ Oh me. too.. Whats the craziest thing you remember happening?
We took our friend's parent's car.  Those were such fun times! \ Thats funny.  I never did anything that daring!
I can't wait for this weekend....VACATION TIME, BABAY! \ Awesome! What are your vacation plans?
Heading to the beach.  I haven't been to the beach in years, and now we are headed out for 2 weeks. \ Oh man, I'm jealous. Have fun and don't forget to wear sunscreen!
I ended up on one of those "Top 40 under 40" lists for people in my profession. Felt pretty good. \ That is an amazing accomplishment.  What field are you in?
Finance, basically, but it was a little broader than that. I wish my mom were still around, she would have been so happy. \ I'm sure you know that she is so proud of you!  That is really incredible!  Congratulations!
I was feeling ill most of the month and discovered I am pregnant! \ Are you excited?
After the shock, I am very excited!  Its my third child and well, I guess you never feel financially prepared for a child.  I love babies though! \ me too. I have three kids too
Its monday nigiht and my neighbors are having a freaking party \ Are you serious?  There's a noise ordinance for no loud noise or music after 10:00p.m.!
They are the worst \ You might have to call the cops just to get sleep! Horrible.  Sorry.
My work life makes me so stressed out due to work load. And I have no one to come home and receive emotional support from. Being lonely is the worst \ I'm so sorry you are going through this.  Maybe it would be a good thing to get a therapist so that you have someone that can help you through it.
I am not a believer in therapy sessions. They have temporary effects but cost much. The only solution is get into relationship. I hope to find that someone special \ Well, I hope you do find that special someone, and that the stress at work lets up a bit as well.
My oldest daughter is graduating high school this spring. \ Congratulations on that. That is a great life milestone for her. Is she planning on getting into a college?
Yes, she is going to college, she wants to be a vet.  I have such big dreams for her, but I think she has even bigger for  herself. \ Sounds great. I wish all the best in her future endeavors. 
I dont live in a nice neighborhood. It wasnt like this when I moved here \ Did it get worse or better?
worse. much worse. Im too scared to walk around here now \ That's horrible, you should set up an app that lets your family track you
I got a really bad headache and it ruined my whole day \ That sucks
Yeah, maybe I should take an advil \ You hvent taken anything yet?
I have lent money to friend of my friend!! \ That was very generous of you.
i am just hopeful he will pay me back!! \ I hope so too. There's nothing worse than someone you trust not repaying you.
I recently went to a Steely Dan concert with my lady. \ Oh you must have enjoyed it!!
Yeah, it was awesome reminiscing about those times when we used to get in trouble back in the day... times were so much simpler then. \ Yeah indeed it must have been then
You know what grinds my gears? \ What is it?
A printer that causes more trouble than it's worth!!!  \ oh yeah that really do grind!!
i was cleaning my basement. I found lot of toys and books from my chidhood \ Aww that's awesome!  Did you take a day off and go through them for the memories???
yeah indeed !! i didn't want to move out of basement until i had go through everything. Such a sweet memories \ Yeah I'm so happy for you!  I need to go through some of my old stuff!!
I was shocked my husband bought me flowers today out of the blue. \ That is so romantic.  They weren't for any occasion?
Nope not at all, that's why I was so shocked!  \ Were they your favorites?
My friend told me she didn't like my chicken casserole recipe when I brought it to a potluck last week. \ Oh no! Were you upset about it ?
I was a little bit.  She told me she loved it last time I took it somewhere.  I just don't know what her deal is, but I might have to avoid her for a while. \ I am sorry that happened I would be upset too! 
My neighbor in my duplex is still up at this hour doing some kind of sanding and sawing! I asked him to stop and he won't!  \ That is very disrespectful, especially since he is not in a stand-alone home.  Can you tell your landlord about it?
He's my landlord's father-in-law, oddly enough.  I have let him know in the past and will let him know at a good hour.  Next time I'll just call him in the middle of the night and tell him its happening.  Its like he's an insomniac. \ That is just crazy!  I hope he stops really soon - or you can figure out how to cut the power off on his side - LOL!
I cannot wait until next summer, we have a big graduation trip planned for our daughter. \ That is so exciting!  What torture waiting for a whole year!  Where are you going?
Well, she has to graduate first - LOL!  We are going to Clearwater Florida to see Winter the Dolphin \ So fun!  Hope you have a great time!  
I just got a new puppy, names fido. \ So cute! What kind of dog is it?
It is a german shepherd. It takes a lot of work caring for it, definitely needs a lot of attention \ That's amazing, I wish I could get a puppy too, but my cat is not friendly
I found some cake in my fridge the other day, it was a good day \ Cake always hits the spot when you have a sweet tooth. Was it from a birthday?
Nope, just a nice treat, it was a small 6 inch cake \ Moderation is key, so you don't get sick!
I ordered a 6 piece nugget today and I got 7 nuggets! how awesome is that? \ Dang! That's like a 13 year old gets an extra mozz stick and ska plays in his head!
I know right! It was like the high point of my entire life! \ I gotta go to McDonald's more often to cash in on these free nuggets!
My dog pooped on the rug yesterday. I was so grossed out cleaning it up. \ Ewwwwwwwww! Was it a runny poop or a solid poop?
Thankfully it was solid. I would have died if it was runny and all over the place. \ Yeah I would have totally done the same. That's why I don't want a dog lol!
I was so grossed out about the molded bread I bought today. \ Oh yuck. Did you get a chance to return it to the store?
I tried to, but they had a no refund policy.  \ That's crazy! I'd leave it on the counter at the store. Hopefully you aren't out much money.
I recently moved to a new town, but it's kind of a bummer since I don't know anyone here yet. \ Oh I bet! Did you move far away?
It's all the way across country from where I used to live! \ Wow! Why did you move so far? 
I spilled my coffee in the middle of a busy coffee shop. It was horrible! \ I am so sorry. Did they give you another one for free?
Yes and they were so understanding too. But everyone was staring! \ I would feel they same way, but that was nice of them! 
Seeing my kids face when I finally brought a puppy home was priceless!  \ Wow that must have been amazing!
It really was, and I got it on video too. \ They're going to remember that forever
I stole candy from the store when I was a kid. I still think of it to this day. \ Why did you feel like you needed to steal candy?
I just wanted something sweet. Looking back on it, it wasn't really worth it lol \ Stealing very rarely is worth it, that doesn't stop people from doing it.
While my car was parked on the street in front of my house last week, someone ran into it and left a huge dent. \ Dang, that sucks. Did you ever catch the culprit?
No, they didn't leave a insurance card or anything, just drove off. Some people are so worthless. \ Yeah, that guy sounds like a jerk. Did your insurance cover the dent?
I accidentally let a poot slip out during class today. \ LOL....Best thing to do when that happens is deny, deny, deny.
Yes! That's exactly what I did! I blamed it on the girl sitting next to me. Sorry not sorry. \ Smart move on your part. 
I was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. I was so mad. \ Did they hit you?
No, but it was close. Talk about road rage. \ I know what you mean, I would have been pissed! Probably would have gotten out and throat punched them if they had hit me!
My daughter went on a mission trip to an area that is really depressed.  She brought something extra back home with her though. \ What did she bring back?
Lice - she brought back LICE!  I was so embarrassed by it, even though I knew she'd gotten it from the children she went to serve.  Of course then I was sad for those kids not having anyone take care of that for them. \ Wow that's awful, I had lice in school.
I can't believe the content they post these days. \ On social media?  or on the TV?
On youtube actually, the old videos were much better. \ I've never really watched youtube that much, I'm not sure what I'd even watch on there.  But I know what you mean, the content can be pretty despicable.
I stole candy from the store when I was a kid. I still think of it to this day. \ I did that too!  I remember it was a package of Big League Chew.  My mom took me back to the store and made me talk to the manager.  Did you have to do that as well?
5 \ I'm not sure what 5 is, but it's a good story to tell your kids if you have any.  I've told both of mine, and they luckily have not done the same thing.
I've been going through some old photos that need to be organized, but it's slow going. \ Have you found any good ones?
A lot!  But I just ended up spending the afternoon telling my girls all the stories that went with the photos of when they were little. \ Nice! It's always good to sit around a tell the tales of your youth to our children :)
Last month my dog Skippy passed away. He was 18 years old. \ Oh wow! My dog Jr died of old age too.
Man it's hard. He has been like my best friend since I was a teenager. \ Oh, Did something happen to him?
My dog died of old age today. \ I am sorry to hear that. Mine died of old age as well last month.
I am sorry that happened too. I never thought I would be this upset over a dog. \ Me neither, but in the end, I really didn't think about him as a dog, he was just my buddy. I hope fond memories of him get you through this.
My parents threw me a surprise birthday today! I was shocked to see the mountain of presents upon walking through the door. \ WOW, how amazing!  I love surprise parties.  Did you get a lot of good stuff?
I did! I got everything I wanted and then some! I have the best parents. \ That is awesome, I mean the gifts are nice, but it's even better to know that you've got people that love and care about you.
Our little chihuahua had pancreatitis this past year and it was not a good outcome for her. \ Aw, I am sorry to hear that. Is she still alive and well?
No, unfortunately she passed away in February.  It's still hard thinking about it. \ Awwwwww poor little doggie. I am sure she is chasing around mailmen happily in doggy heaven.
I remember when I first found my cat... she was so tiny \ Did you nurse her back to health and get some weight on her?
Yes, she was probably just 3 to 4 weeks old \ I bet she was so tiny!  I'm glad you found her and were able to take care of her.
My sister has been dating this guy for about 7 years and I wish she would drop him. \ Oh no, it really sucks seeing someone you care about date someone who isn't good
Yeah, he's a bum!  He mooches off of her, she works and he sits home and drinks.1 \ I bet if you say anything about it, you're the bad one too
Scrolling through old photos of me and my partner, i understand how much of a mistake I have made to let her go \ That's really rough man. Is there any way you can get her back?
It has a been a year since our split. I think she has already moved on with her life without me. And I am still trying to move on \ I am sure you'll find somebody in due time. It took me 6 years to find someone after my last relationship, but it happened. It'll happen to you too!
I was so scared going to sleep when I was a kid. I thought the monsters under the bed were going to nab me! \ Those good old times of fantasy. Kid's world is so full of imagination and self-scaring created things
I know! I am still somewhat afraid too sleep alone to this day. I don't want them to snatch me up! \ Here is an idea. Why don't you get yourself a teddy bear by your side when sleeping. He will protect you
My kid broke my watch today...I was so mad! \ Oh no!  How old is he/she?
He is but a toddler. I wasn't mad at him for too long because I really shouldn't have let it out for him to play with in the first place. \ Yeah I understand.  Is there anywhere you can take it to get it fixed?
Man. This weekend might be fun.  But it also might be SCARY \ Now why is it going to be scary? Going to a haunted house?
haha no!   Taking my neice and nephew to the amusement park!   \ For what? Hallowscream at Busch Gardens?!?!? If so, that place is a blast.
I lost the money pouch for the deposit at my job the other day. \ Oh no! That is one of my biggest fears!  What did you do?
There was nothing I could do.  I told my boss and he kicked it up to the regional bosses.  I am suspended and just have to wait to see if I can keep my job :( \ I sure hope you get to keep your job.  I know it was a big accident, but it was an accident.
We had planned a beach vacation this year, but it was not meant to be I guess. \ Oh no, I know that is so disappointing first hand.  The same thing has happened to me for the last three years.  Is everything going well, though?
Yeah, the condo we had rented had a fire and burned to the ground.  We didn't have time to find another place. \ That is a real bummer.  Maybe you can have a makeup vacation in September.
My sister just had surgery last week. \ I hope it went well!! she is alright now right?
It did go pretty well, but she is still in a lot of pain, so I am staying with her to help with kids and housework. \ that's just nice of you!! helping out your sister!!
I am getting a promotion this month!!. Years of hardwork paying off now!! \ Congrats! That is great news!
Indeed it is!! i couldn't hide my excitement in the office lol \ I bet! You deserve to be proud and excited though. You have worked hard for this.
I was walking my dog and a stray dog ran up to us and started barking. Next thing I know he was trying to fight with my dog. \ That's so scary! I hope your dog is OK.
It was, I have always been uneasy around fighting animals.She is fine. Took me a bit to calm myself down.  \ I can imagine. Glad you are both alright.
I waited the longest three weeks of my life to get something I ordered online. \ That can be so aggravating. Did the company make it up to you for being so late?
It got worse. When it finally arrived, the box was all busted up and my item was broken. So yeah, safe to say they had a lot to make up for. \ At least they made up for it. If they had not I wouldn't use them again.
My husband has been getting on my nerves worrying about his football team losing. \ I know the feeling. What team is he rooting for? 
He is crazy about the Falcons. \ I don't even know what team that is, haha. Football is lost on me. 
On my way to work, a goose stole the toupee I needed to impress the new secretary, Christy. \ That's crazy did you ever get it back?
No! I am so furious with that goose, that I could wring his neck! I can't get any ladiez with this chrome dome of mine. \ I am so sorry maybe you will have better luck next time.
It seems everyone in my family has a big house, except us. \ Eh, you'll get there eventually. Besides, big houses aren't even that great! All you need is a moderate amount of space to live comfortably.
Well, it does bother me sometimes, but then I also realize we don't have the debt they have eihter. \ And that's the best part. Many of those folks with nice houses have mountains of debt. It causes a lot of stress.
My goldfish ran away yesterday. I am so distraught because I can't find the little tyke! \ Well, since he's supposed to be IN the water, you may have a fatality on your hands.
....I never thought about that! WILSON! WHERE ARE YOU!!!! \ Yeah, you'd better find him like quick!  Or flood your house until you do - either way..
I'm happy to have 2 dogs and a cat \ I love animals too. What are their names?
My dog's name is Cocoa, but my cat is 14 years old \ That is such a unique name I love it.
I am also sure I fixed my computer today. \ Oh that's good, last time my computer broke was a day before I left the country
That would be a nightmare! All I had to do was replace the fan. \ I took it to the apple store and it actually got fixed in 5 mins, just needed a hardware reset
My dog ran away yesterday. I was so ticked off! \ Ah that's so terrible. Did you find him?
Nope! Not yet. He does this like every week and comes back the day after. It's really starting to get old. \ i think it becomes a practice for him!!
My brother got into accident \ That's terrible. Did he get hurt?
yeah badly.He got a wife and kid. I will need to take care of them until he is up and running \ Man, I am truly sorry. If I knew you, I would definitely help you out.
Today we found out at work that they are closing the business down. This is horrible \ Oh no! Do you have any other work lined up?
Not yet... I'm freaking out but I will start applying places asap! \ I hope everything works out for you, I know how hard shut downs can be. 
I've been volunteering at the animal shelter as much as I can lately \ That's so nice. I've done that a few times and really enjoyed it
I really enjoy it too, I love getting to take car of all the dogs and cats. \ And you're doing something amazing!
I am expecting a time sensitive package, but the tracking for the package has been all wrong! \ Oh that is the worst.  It really puts you on edge.  What will happen if it doesn't come on time?
It was supposed to be a birthday gift for my best friend, so I may have to tell them about all of this. I'm nervous! \ I really hope that it comes on time.  It can be so disappointing when something like that ruins your perfect plans.
My boss said that I was rude to a customer earlier this year and that is why I am not getting a raise. \ Sorry to hear that. Have you tried to explain your side of things to your boss?
I tried but he is a real turd.  He doesn't listen to anything his employees say.  The problem is that it is out of his hands because the customer complained to corporate.  It was a total lie, but they don't care. \ Hopefully this type of situation doesn't happen again. That really is disappointing how the system doesn't protect the employees about that type of situation.
So my dog is super spoiled.  I think she'd let us feed her with a spoon if we would comply. But the other day she did something I was shocked by. \ That is funny what did she do?
Well, she saved our cat from near death by allowing the cat to fall on top ofher when the cat fell off the banister.  Stupid cat. \ That is amazing I guess she deserves to be spoon fed!
My husband was just sent to Iraq and I already miss him so much. \ Oh my goodness, is he with the armed forces?
Yes the army, he will be there for 2 years. \ I cannot imagine how hard that is on the family and the soldier.  While I can't bring him home quicker, I do want to say thank you to you,  him and your family for your sacrifice.
I went to the park and read a book yesterday.  \ That sounds relaxing
Oh it was! It was my first day off in so long. Everything felt right in the world. \ i hope you have many more
I can't believe I missed my package delivery. I was home all day! Now I have to go pick it up at the post office \ Ugh, that's always the worst. I hope it wasn't something urgent you were waiting on?
No but it's just a hassle to take time and go pick it up... I wish the delivery guy would have knocked \ Yeah, I've had them do that to me before too. It's a pain in the keester.
I was so scared to go into my apartment building the other night. I saw so many roaches the night before! \ OMG...I know what you mean. I can't stand for anything to crawl on me or near me. Did you see any?
I didn't see any on the way in, but I know they are still lurking out there! \ LOL....Their waiting for you to let your guard down and then they will attack you.
I was coming home from work and there was a lizard by my door. It moved and that was all she wrote. I am scared to death of crawling creatures. \ Oh my god! I have the heebiejeebies just thinking about it! Did it attack you?!?!
I wouldn't be talking to you if it had. I would still be laying flat out. \ I am glad to hear you are alright. But I would still be on the look out for next time...they are the relatives of godzilla after all.
I am in shock ever since my house caught on fire while I was at work. \ That is horrible, did anyone get hurt?
No, thank goodness no one was home, but their is nothing left of our house. \ Hopefully you had insurance and somewhere to stay.
I was doing the dishes and a huge roach crawled out from underneath the dishwasher. \ Eww, it may be time to call someone to take care of them.
I almost fell over trying to crush it, i forgot I wasn't wearing shoes and stepped on in with my bare feet. \ Oh, that had to be super gross! 
My son had all A's last year at school. \ Wow you must be so proud!
Yes! I am so pleased with his performance! \ I hope he keeps it up!
I found a hair in my lunch.... let's just say my hunger went away quickly \ I'm sorry, that's quite disgusting.
Yes I'm never going back to that restaurant again \ That is a major issue.
I just saved a bunch of people on the beach this week. \ Nice! I am glad to hear that you got to use your Baywatch-esque skills!
Yeah, they are saying that I will be the head lifeguard for next season.  I have never been so pumped. \ That's great man. You just have to wrestle a few sharks and they'll appoint you head lifeguard of the state.
I ate 10 pizzas all by myself last night. \ I don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing, but either way it is EPIC.
Oh, at the time I thought I was equivalent to Zeus himself. Then the morning came and I felt like yung, powerless, baby Hercules. It was dreadful. \ It is hard to recover from a binge like that, but do a few thousand situps and you'll be good as new!
I had made a bad mistake on a work project, and my coworker took the blame for it. I felt bad for not speaking up to my boss. \ That really sucks. Did you make it up to your co-worker?
I apologized to them later about it. It was tough hearing our boss scolding them about it though. \ That's good to hear that you and your co-worker mad amends. Live and learn!
I ate 10 pizzas last night. I never felt so bad about myself. \ Whoa! Did you have a strong craving or something?
I did! I satisfied it, but I never felt so shameful... \ That's okay to give in sometimes and enjoy the moment. 
My father in law's heart surgery is next week \ Oh, that must be stressful. Do you think he is going to be fine?
My father in law's heart surgery is next week \ Oh, that must be stressful. Do you think he is going to be fine?
I went to the skating rink all by myself yesterday. \ All you must have been proud of yourself
I wasn't. My friends ditched me. It was a terrible time. \ That's so terrible. How could they ditch you!!
Hi, My girlfriend was recently let go of her job, but she put so much work in to finding a new job and got one with better pay! \ That's great! It was meant to happen then
Yes I agree, she was so happy when she found out the job was hers \ I would have been too. I've never been fired. I always quit
She wasn't really fired, her position was no more. Schools don't have much room left for Home Ec teachers. Sad \ I remember taking Home Ec. I loved that class
I ordered something yesterday and it was 3 day shipping... but I received it today. I'm so happy! \ That is pretty awesome, was it something you really wanted?
Yes, I will definately order from that website again \ You should write a good review, sounds like they know what they are doing.
I was walking down the street at night, I felt like I was surrounded by something unseen. \ How creepy!
Every time I turned around to try and catch something there was nothng there. Just the feeling of something watching me.... \ At least nothing happened to yo
I broke my TV remote and i blamed it on my kid \ That's kinda terrible. Did you apologize to him?
He can't speak.  but i did apologize to him. If my wife knows i did she will kill me \ Well, as long as you did and the wife doesn't know, you're in the clear!
My dog pooped on the rug yesterday. \ oh no, that's teribble
It was! I so mad at the little tyke! I made him clean it up! \ he should do his work properly. He is such a naughty boy to do on the rug!!
I couldn't believe it when my wife told me she is pregnant with our first child! \ Dang! I bet that feeling felt incredible! Did you guys celebrate?
No, I work two jobs so I got to celebrate by going to work, but I celebrated in my heart. \ Well, that's kinda meh. But congratulations still!
I have my final math exam tomorrow. Never felt so prepared in my life! \ That is awesome.  Is this for college?
It is! It's my final exam for the semester too! \ You must be feeling great.  What are you studying?
I know how much of a chore full-time employment is. What are you doing now? \ I am an officer in the United States Navy, but I agree with you. How about yourself?
I'm trying to do the whole work-from-home and be-your-own-boss thing. That contentment doesn't last long! Where have you sailed? \ I have sailed all over the glove. Hit a couple of countries in Europe, a few scattered islands across the Atlantic. And the best part is, I've never been deployed! So I am truly living the dream that every sailor hopes for lol. I was very fortunate.
My dog ran away yesterday. I've never been so distraught in my life! \ Awful. I'm so sorry. Have you tried putting up posters?
I have! And no one has turned him in. I do hope he finds his way home on his own. \ No doubt he will when he gets cold and hungry. 
My son said his first word today! \ That's great! What was it?
He said "money"! I couldn't believe my ears! \ He will be rich one day!
I went to Walmart and someone pushed a shopping cart into my car. \ That was rude of them. Did you beat their face in?
It happened when I was in the store.  I was really angry about it. \ I would be too. Did you tell the manager?
I was looking at old childhood photos... good memories \ Ah yes!  How did it make you feel?
Lot's of happy memories! \ That's awesome!  Did it brighten your day?
So stoked!  In a couple weeks I'll be freeeeee \ Oooh free from what?
lol.  Going on vacation to Florida in a couple weeks! \ Wow that's awesome! To the beach?
I finished my final semester of college today! \ Congratulations! Do you feel relieved to be done with school?
I do! Now the tough job hunt begins...and the mountain of student loan payments... \ What did you study?
I had a job interview that I didn't really feel prepared for. \ That's rough. Did you end up getting the job?
I did not get it unfortunately.  \ Well, there's always next time. At least you can chalk it up as a learning experience.
A week ago, i bought a brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 for myself. Phone is incredible and all my expectations about it was met \ Awesome! So you'd recommend it if I were looking for a new phone?
Indeed. For $700, this phone is above expectations. Latest iPhone versions are becoming so overrated with inflated prices \ I've never been a phone of Apple anyway. I had the first iPhone and wasn't impressed so I never tried again.
I can't wait until this weekend! I'm taking the whole family out for some fun! \ Great idea. Where are you planning on visiting?
I'm thinking of a waterpark we have down here, it only had a few more weeks before they close for the year. Then maybe Chuck E Cheese for pizza and games. \ Why don't you take them to Six Flags. It is more fun and full of exciting experiences rushed with adrenaline
One time, I smelled an odd burning smell coming from under the hood of my car. \ That's strange. What did you discover under there?
Well, when I went to lift the engine cover, I noticed a dead, rotting squirrel on top of the engine block! It was so repulsive. \ Oh my! That is repulsive indeed! I would've taken it home for dinner. Waste not want not!
My son said his first word today! \ Ooh, that's exciting. What did he say? 
He said "gruel"! He's going to be a regular Oliver Twist! \ Wow, that's amazing, haha. So fancy. 
I found my old senior yearbook the other day \ That must have been fun to go through and remember the good old days.
Yeah it sure was.  A lot of memories of old friends! \ I love going through old memories and reliving the glory days.  Are you still friends with some of the folks you knew back then?
I saw myself doing jumping jacks in the mirror with my shirt off, ugh. \ If you keep doing them you'll look better!
Yeah, but meanwhile I want to throw up every time I see myself. \ Maybe you should go on a diet so you don't feel sick :D
When i see a high end cars. I just envy them \ Yeah, I wish I had a nice car too.
How did people manage to buy so nice one's  and am just jealous of them \ It would be nice to have money like that.
My lawn mower was broken and my neighbor fixed it. \ That was really nice of your neighbor. I wish i had one like that
Yeah, I am so thankful for him! \ Good you should be for having such a blesses neighbor
My son said his first word today! \ That is so cool!
I know! He said "alfredo"! How zany is that!  \ That is crazy!  Most kids first words are "money".
I went to Panera Bread for dinner earlier. \ Pretty savvy place! Were you working on your 1000 page manuscript for 10 hours, squatting for free internet?
No, just eating.  I was quite pleased with the meal! \ That's great! I go there almost every single day and get a bread bowl!
I am feeling extra guilty about not sticking to my diet. I ate so much fried foods and a whole ice cream sundae by myself! \ I too feel your pain. I broke my diet by eating 4 dozen donuts in one sitting. 
Yeah, I just feel so bad about it. I was trying to stay disciplined and good about my diet. \ We'll get back on the horse together, my friend. Skinnier days are ahead of us!
I went to the park and read a book today. \ That sounds like a nice and relaxing day. What book were you enjoying?
I was reading my favorite, A Catcher in the Rye. It was so nice having a day off and doing what I enjoy. \ It's really cool to have those moments where you get to enjoy what you like to do.
I ate 12 pizzas all by myself today. Never felt so bad about myself. \ Woah how did you manage to eat 12 pizzas
I have no idea! My poor stomach wanted to commit suppeku though. \ oh oh. It's alright next time you should be bit careful not eat a lot
I went out on date. It seems i forgot to use the body odour!! \ Oh man! A rookie mistake! Did your date notice the foul stench?
i think she did. It must have been smelly. She smirked her face once \ Well, I guess it didn't turn out too bad. Are you guys going for another?
My parents threw me a surprise party today! \ woah really nice!! what and all they did
They gave me a bunch of presents and doritos! I was so stunned! \ you must have really enjoyed it
I am really getting irritated with the traffic nowadays \ I know! It's terrible everywhere! And I'm the only one who knows how to drive because I created the automobile!
indeed that's how it is now!! and horn sounds are just terrible. It gets on my nerves \ Ugh. The horn is the worse! Especially those loud, obnoxious semi-truck horns!
Dangit!  They burned!! \ Are you baking? What did you burn.
YES!  LOL.  My brownies!!  All that time mixing and preparing wasted!  \ That is pretty unfortunate. You should be like me and just buy them, always easier when someone else does the work.
I went to the store, just trying to get some milk and bread, and I got rear ended by a driver. \ Oh NO!  Are you okay?
Yeah, it was more of a shock than anything, was not expecting someone to hit you when you are just crossing the street. \ Yeah I bet!  Did they stop and check on you?
I saw someone blow their nose into their shirt. \ That's really gross. Did you say anything to him about it?
No, I think the person had mental issues.  It was beyond gross. \ For sure. That really isn't something a normal person should be doing. Or anyone for that matter.
I ate 20 Big Macs for dinner tonight. \ Wow, that is really impressive!
It was indeed! While I was consuming them. Then I looked back and thought about the starving kids in Antarctica...boy did I feel ashamed. \ They would be very jealous!
Only about 3 weeks to go! \ Three weeks to what?!?!?!?!?!?
Going on vacation!!!! \ Awesome!  Where are you going?
Someone lit a bag of poop on fire on my neighbors sidewalk last halloween.  The smell of it is something I won't soon forget. \ lol hey at least it was your neighbors sidewalk and not yours
I know.  I didn't even know that was something people really did, I thought it was just in the movies...Gross! \ Maybe you should find out who did it and go throw toilet paper all over their yard!!
My son said his first word today! \ Really? What was it, that must of been pretty wild.
It was indeed! His first word was "pistachio"! \ hmm, that is a pretty epic first world. You would think that would be a little two difficult for a first word. The kid must be a genius
I have been working and prepping a powerful and moving speech. \ Oh yeah? Is it on par with "I Have a Dream"?
I can only dream. No it's more on par with Lord of the RIng's final battle. \ Woah now! I wasn't thinking of a speech on that grand of a scale! I hope you blow Gimli's beard clean off his face and make 20 horns of Gondor sound!
I have my job interview today. I am quite hopeful that it is going to go well. \ I hope too !! I think you will do well!!
Me too! I really want to be the first millionaire that works at McDonalds! \ omg!! millionaire that works at McDonalds. I would like to see you work 
My wife is  off to her Mom's for couple of days \ Dang. Do you have the whole house to yourself?
yeah but i think i am going to miss her and feel alone \ That's really rough. Maybe you should go to the gym and meet some friends?
My dog pooped on the rug today. \ That is funny. Dogs can be careless. You should take better care of it
Well, it won't be an issue anymore. I put it up for adoption. This was the last straw! \ You seem to be very fed up with him. How long have you had him?
Seeing Republicans clearly and directly rejecting notion of climate change makes me terrified of our future as a species \ It makes me feel the same. That's why I voted for myself in the last election.
Despite having overwhelming consensus among the climate scientists that human activity is causing it, they are still turning faces. Totally unacceptable for politicians  \ Truly unacceptable. We would be better off with chimpanzees in office.
I saw a man drink an entire gallon of chocolate milk. \ That man is a winner if he kept it all down!
He did! I was very inspired by the act! \ I am really amazed.  Was it you?
Every time I am promised a promotion they give it to someone else.  It just happened again! \ I'm sorry that keeps happening to you.
It is really irritating.  It makes me think I need to go find a new company. \ I agree, your talents would be better suited elsewhere. 
Someone let me cut in line at the store so I could check out faster. \ wow that was really nice of them
Yeah, I was in a huge hurry and didn't have much but I really needed to make it to the bank before it closed. \ Most people now a days won't do that. Make sure to pay it forward!
There was an internet outage for hours today, the day I decide to stay home because I don't feel well. What a day. \ That is pretty unlucky. At lease it wasn't a power outage though.
Yeah true, that would've been worst \ It's like 100 degrees during the day, you would have had to find a pool to jump in.
I hit my head on the door's corner and it left me with a wound \ That's terrible! Is it a festering wound that will turn you into a zombie?
ah no!! But i am afraid it will scar thats worse than being a zombie \ Nonsense! If you're a zombie, you'll be brainless and the scar will be the least of your worries!
I can't stop thinking about my job interview tomorrow. \ You must be really excited of the interview and i hope you will do well
I am nervous beyond belief! I just want to nail it so I can start making the big bucks at McDonalds! \ You will nail it. Just be confident and just be yourself!!
My son said his first word today! \ That is so exciting! What did he say?
He said "hernia"! I was so stoked! \ That is so cute! Be sure and jot that down in the baby book!
I was unable to make my full rent this month. \ Dang, that's rough. Are you set up for next month at least?
Thankfully, my dad came to the rescue and loaned me the money. I will budget better for next month \ That's great man. At least you'll have a place to stay for the next month.
My neighbor returned my wallet today. \ That's so nice of them. Where did they find it?
They found it at Kmart. Who would've thought I would get it back after 5 years of it being lost? \ that's a surprise and it's after 5 long years
I lost my key chain. My Late grandma present me for my 10th  birthday \ That's terrible! Did you manage to find it?
nope. I feel so bad that i lost it. \ That sucks man. Do you have another grandma who can give you a new one?
My dog pooped on the rug today. \ oh no!!That's just terrible. did you made him to clean by himself!!
I did! I was so disappointed in the little rascal. \ Naughty dog. he should look after himself
I believe car prices will go down this year. And i am thinking of buying one \ Really? I'm thinking about buying one myself. What kind are you getting?
I think i will go for Audi series .I have my eye on R8 \ Nice. I have my eye on a Tesla.
I have my job interview tomorrow. \ Awesome, do you think you are prepared for it?
I am really not sure. I've never been so nervous in my life! \ Just take deep breaths and act confidently and you'll do great!
I'm disgusted whenever I go over to my sister's house. I feel like she hasn't cleaned it in months. \ That is indeed pretty gross. Perhaps you should help her clean it up?
I'm thinking about just paying a maid, I don't think I can handle all that mess. \ I don't blame you, but we have to help our struggling siblings out!
My dog died today. \ I'm sorry to hear that, that's got to be tough on you.
It's a really rough time. I have never been so sad in my life. \ Mine died a couple years ago and I still think of her. :(
I'm excited to start on a new website design tomorrow. \ What kind of website are you planning on designing?
Our company landed a big deal with a local car dealership!  So it should be a fun project. \ Nice! Perhaps I can go buy a car on the website one day!
I was just able to pay off my parents house! \ Holy cow that's amazing!  That's awesome of you!!
They paid for my college all the way through and I always wanted to do something to pay them back. \ That's the coolest thing I've heard all day
My nephew started 10th grade this year! \ That is such a great age.  Is he doing well?
Yeah he's going to play football this year! \ What position does he play?
I'm jealous of my neighbor's new pool, it looks like they are having a blast with it. \ Hmmm. Have you asked to go over for a dip? He never said you couldn't come over and partake in the fun!
Yeah, me and wife swam in it last weekend, it would be nice to jump in every day after work! \ I am sure! Please let him know that I am game to come over for a pool party!
My dog pooped on the rug today. \ Ruh Roh! Did it come out of the rug easily?
It did, fortunately. But I am starting to get so fed up with his antics! \ Yeah, that's never a good experience.  Coming home to that smell and mess, ugh!
My son stole a car from an elderly man today. \ Wow, that's awful. Why did he do that?
I'm not sure...he's been acting up the past few years. I wish I knew why. I've never been so disappointed in him. \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he can get the help he needs.
I thought I bombed my math test but I got a 103 on it. \ That's great, man! Did you study hard for it?
I reviewed all the homework and the test questions mostly had the same problems on them. I didn't feel like I understood how to do the problems but I remembered the answers. \ Well, that's all that matters! Just gotta pass those exams!
There is a fly in my room and it is annoying the heck out of me! \ You should get some bug spray. Fly's are nasty
Yeah, right? And it seems like they don't have an off button, they just fly around non-stop! \ I once chased a fly around my room for 30 mins, never caught it, I think it was all in my head?
I just found a photo book of me and my family growing up. \ Aw, that's awesome, did it bring back memories?
It was pretty nostalgic , how young we all looked growing up. \ Yeah, it's always nice to take a look back and reflect on the early days.
I was so happy france won the world cup. I was just so happy that England didn't. \ Same, my friend! France played so well.
yeah i had smirk on face for couple of days. I never felt so joyful going into office \ I do hope you rubbed it into your co-workers' faces like I did!
My birthday is tomorrow! \ ah, happy birthday in advance to you. And what's the plan
Thanks! I am just going to a bar with some close friends. I do hope they get me a cake! \ They definitely will get you a rum cake
The cafe down the street used to be my favorite place to eat. \ Used to be? What happened to it? Did it get closed down?
They are not completely shut down yet, but they have recently failed several health inspections. \ That sounds alarming. You better be careful next time visiting the place. They maybe careless with their sanitary responsibilities
I just can't stand it anymore. My partner nags almost about every detail of our relationship. Just yesterday, she criticized my taste for clothing \ That would get very irritating. Have you talked to her about it and let her know how you feel?
I did many times. She doesn't seem to understand or even consider my concerns. I think we will not go any further with such attitudes \ Thats too bad. I am sure it makes things very stressful and difficult.
My best friend moved away to another city. \ Ah, you are going to miss him
Yes, I am so sad she's leaving! \ I feel sorry for you. I just hope you guys atleast meet now and then!!
I am getting married next year \ I am so happy for you!
Thank you but i am hopeful my future wife won't cheat on me \ Just be a good husband and you should be fine.
I just bought a battery pack charger for my car, and guess what happened to me today. \ I have no idea. What happened?
My battery died, but I was able to just step out, hook up the pack to the battery, and in 5 minutes I was on my way to my meeting. \ Oh thank goodness you weren't late.
My girlfriend always tells me what to do. \ Does it bother you when she does that?
Yes, I don't know why.  It is getting so irritating! \ It can really be annoying when someone tells you what to do.  Have you talked to her about it?
Oh man it smells SOO good in here!!! \ Did you just clean your place?
No.  I've got brownies in the oven!!! \ Mmmm, I love that brownie smell.  Also nothing better than fresh brownies.
I'm feeling pretty bummed after seeing a photo of myself 4 years ago, I gained so much weight! \ Only you can change that, my friend!
Yeah, I started working out this month, I'm dedicated to at least lost 20 pounds! \ Hey that's great!  You should take a before picture today and an after picture one month from now!
My tooth is shaking and i think it will fall off \ That's terrible. Have you gone to a dentist to get it checked out?
no not yet. It's not that am a kid and it will grow back again. I think i will have gap and am terrified \ I would be terrified too. You have to do get it checked out!
I have my job interview tomorrow. \ Are you nervous?
I am so nervous! I just want to get it done and over with. \ don't be !! you will do well. Just be yourself!!
My iguana ran away today. \ That is not good, I don't think iguana's can live out in the wild.
They sure can't! I was so upset. I do hope I find him in the next couple of days. \ maybe you should lay out some bait, he has to get hungry sometime.
I finally got to see a baseball game live this last week. \ Nice! Who did you go see? Did you catch a homerun?
It was the Rockies, no home-run though, it was pretty high up there I felt like I could see the world. \ That sounds amazing. All I have is my lowly Senators sea level stadium...I am mad jealous.
I just got a huge raise at work. \ That must be great!
It is!  The owner of the company just decided to sell the company and he negotiated a raise and promotion for me before he left.  It was so kind of him. \ He sounds like an excellent boss!
I forgot what I was saying during my speech at work. \ Oh no, that is embarrassing.  Were you able to recover by the end?
No, I felt so humiliated. \ I am so sorry that happened to you.  Will you get another crack at it sometime?
No, not for a while. \ I'm sorry.
I let out a moist, warm fart today in front of all of my co-workers today. \ You must be very comfortable in your office! How did they react?
Some ran away in terror. Others in disgust. I think I sent one to the ER even. At any rate, I was mortified and I am sure I won't ever live this tragedy down. \ I am sorry that you now live in infamy. Maybe, with time, they can learn to forgive you.
When my buddy asked me to help him clean out his grandmother's house who had recently passed, I was not prepared for what we found. \ Oh dang. Was she a hoarder? What did you find?
You hit it right on the money. She was not only a hoarder but a cat lady, and the mix of paper, bugs and cat feces was an affront to the senses. \ I can't even imagine the stench...did you make out with any buried treasure?
My new semester starts next week and I think it will be my best one yet. \ Aw yeah! What year are you in college?
My new semester starts next week and I feel like it is going to be my best one yet. \ Just make sure you focus on getting good grades!
I really hope my dog feels better, she has been sick this past week. \ Aw I hate to hear that. I also hope she feels better. I love my dog so much.
Yeah, I love mine a ton as well, I'm taking her to the vet tomorrow! \ I hope it all turns out well with good news there!
My son said his first word today! \ That's amazing! Which word did he choose?
He said "flamingo"! I was so shocked and impressed! \ omgoodness! I don't think I've even used flamingo in a sentence myself in a long time! He's clearly a prodigy!
They opened up this really cool toy store about a block from my house. \ That's pretty neat. Did you buy anything cool?
I got some scented gel pens and a few of those pens where you can change to different ink colors. Also, a few books for my nephew!  \ That's so cool! Sounds like a store you would find in Daiagon Alley!
I was always afraid of going to sleep as a kid. Thought I would wake up with bigfoot skinning me alive. \ That must bring up scary memories.
It does indeed. Just talking about it makes me believes he's hiding under my bed right now. Watching...waiting. \ I'm sorry you didn't grow out of it.
I was walking in the park when a stray dog chased after me. \ That's scary! Did you chase it away and show it who's boss?
No, I ran for my life.  I was so scared! \ I would have done the same. Never know if the thing is going to bite off your bellybutton or not.
I stubbed my toe in the shower this morning...it felt like my world was coming to an abrupt end. \ Oh no! I hate when that happens! Does it still hurt?
It does. It's all red and puffy. I am afraid that it's going to fall off any minute now! \ Sorry to hear that! Definitely need to make sure it doesn't fall off!
My family forgot about me and left me behind at the house this weekend. It felt so weird to be all by myself in the house. \ I imagine that must have been quite a lonely experience for you. Did you see any ghosts?
No ghosts, but I did order some pizza and had that delivered to me. A large pizza all for me! \ Nice! What kind of pizza was it?
Man I love my wife \ That's awesome, I bet she loves you just as much!
Hopefully :)  We were high school sweethearts and got married 10 years ago!! \ Aw, that's adorable, sounds like you guys will have a great life together!
I'm disappointed in how my brownies turned out. They are so mushy! \ Ewwww.  Maybe you should put them back in the oven for a bigt?
I probably should have, but they smelled really good and I couldn't help myself! \ haha!  Did you just eat a bunch of mushy brownies?  
I'm guilty as charged! :) \ better hop on the elliptical for a little longer tomorrow!  Worth it!
I'm not really sure if I am going to be able to find a gift for my wife's birthday. \ Why not?
I had ordered it about 6 month's ago because it was a custom made gift, but the company called me and told me that it broke in the final step.  I was supposed to get it tomorrow and there is no way that I will get it on time.  I just don't know what to do now. \ Oh no, that's awful. Maybe you can find something else to give her for her birthday but tell her you have another present that will arrive a little later. 
I let my dad borrow my car and he got in a minor accident. \ Oh that's terrible.  Is he alright?
Yeah he is fine and my car was not damaged. My insurance premium is probably going to go up though. \ That really stinks that that happens.  Are you pretty upset about it?
I start my new job tomorrow! \ That's awesome! What type of work will you be doing?
I'm going to be a fry cook at McDonalds! I can't wait to be raking in the big bucks! \ Hope you enjoy it!
When I bought my new car, I couldn't believe how smooth the ride was. \ I do love a smooth ride. What kind of car is it?
It's a Chevrolet Camaro. \ That's awesome! I am mad jealous that you have my dream car!
I saw a man eat an entire tube of toothpaste. \ Wow, that's quite a feat. Did he get sick?
I'm not sure.  It was beyond gross. \ Yeah I'd be tempted to barf myself witnessing that.
My sister just got her dream job basically. \ Oh that's great! What job is it?
It's a partner position at a law firm! \ She must be really smart!
I'm getting anxious thinking about moving in 2 weeks, I hope I like the city I'm moving to! \ That would be nerve racking, but also fun I think.
Yeah, exactly, I'm nervous but at the same time I like the idea of a change! \ Do you have a job lined up already?
Yes, that is the prime reason we are moving so that's another positive. \ Well you are ahead of the game, more so than most people.
I studied for 7 months to take the GRE exam, it was stressful. \ Wow, you were dedicated, did you do well on it?
I did, and I was accepted to my number 1 program, which meant that I was going to be paid to learn! \ Congratulations, all the hard work paid off!
I studied all night for my final exams. I needed to pass them to graduate from college. \ That must of been pretty stressful. But did you get enough sleep?
I did. I was able to sneak in a few hours here and there. \ Sleep is just as important as studying hard. You can kill your performance without it.
I left my wallet in a movie theater, and didn't notice till I was half way home! \ That's terrible! Did you get it back with everything still inside?
I was able to get back in and find it, it was pretty well hidden in between the seats. No harm no foul. \ At least you have a happy ending for that story.
Some people are just so generous. Really makes you feel like there is some humanity left out there. \ I agree. I think I am one of them, considering I gave my whole life savings to charity yesterday.
That's incredible if true, but I have trouble believing you for some reason. I was talking about some stranger who gave my friend 3 free tickets to a rock concert - we had such a blast! \ That's really great, but I swear it was true! It was a whole 50 cents. Looking back on it, I am kinda sad I did it because now I can't buy that fancy fidget spinner at the supermarket. Hopefully some orphan uses it wisely.
My neighbor returned my lawn gnome today. \ How nice of you to loan it out! Have to admit, never heard of someone "borrowing" a lawn ornament though.
Oh, if you saw this one you would understand. I have won every Lawn of the Month award with it for 48 months straight. I was getting somewhat concerned because he is known from waltzing off on his own from time to time. But, I am thankful that my neighbor was quite vigilant! \ I'm glad you gave him a chance to shine! Everyone deserves a chance to be trusted, and it's good on you to roll the dice!
Oh man.  The other night I did something GROSS \ Uh oh, what did you do?
I ate some nasty mushy eggplant for dinner!!!  \ Ew, that does sound gross.  Was it some sort of bet or that's all you had?
I'm afraid to move away from my home town, I've lived here for 26 years! I'll miss everyone! \ Aww that's awful.  Do you have to move like for a job or something?
Yeah, well my husband got a new job and it was too good to turn down! \ Oh I bet.  Make sure to hang out with as many people as you can before you leave!
My wife just gave me my favorite watch for my birthday. \ Nice, how much was it worth?
Not a whole lot, just about $200, but I love the look of it. \ Make sure to give your wife a big present when it is her birthday!
One time I heard a large knock on my door while I was sleeping \ That is scary.  What was it?
It was a couple of drug addicts trying to come in! \ Gosh It's worse than I thought it would be.  What did you do?
I took a sip of milk at work and it was sour. \ Oh yuck. Maybe it was expired then?
I am pretty sure.  I was really sickened by it. \ I hope you threw it out!
I can't wait to go to the cinema this weekend! \ Oh what movie do you want to see?
The Meg. Shark attack movie. \ That looks really exciting!
I remember when fast food used to be really cheap. \ Yes, and you didn't have to always buy items for the extra value menu.
Absolutely! Those were the good old days. \ Those are the good old days. Have to use coupons these days!
I was trying to win a gift card in the work raffle ticket contest, and I lost by one number! \ Oh that was so close.
Yeah, I bought a lot of tickets to try to win, so I feel sad about that. \ Maybe you will win next time!
I was so proud of my daughter over the weekend. \ That's good to hear, what did she do to make you proud?
She performed her first solo dance in competition, but she had been in leg braces for the last 2 years. \ Oh wow! That's amazing, i'm sure that was a really touching moment!
I love the new apartment I moved into, but the only down side is I can hear traffic all night long. It's so annoying! \ I remember my first city apartment, the lights and sirens. It can be difficult.
Yeah, right? It seems like they never stop, and not to mention the people who feel the need to make their cars as loud as possible. \ I don't think they know about mufflers! You should try white noise and black out curtains.
A woman passed gas right in front of me at the mall. \ Jeez. Was it audible? Smellable?
It was loud and stank. I was really grossed out. \ Whew, I would be too. God knows if she messed herself.
I ate the last piece of cake at the office party at work and didn't tell anyone. \ I would do that to.
Yeah it was too tempting. People are asking who did it, but I'll never tell. \ Yeah, they should never find out.
Someone took my phone when I was at work. \ From your house? do you have any idea who did it?
It was at the office.  I have no clue who did it.  I am so mad about it! \ I would be furious, they are expensive now a days!
I ate all the brownies I made. Let's just say I'm not too proud of my self control. \ They must have been quite good.
Yeah, they were delicious, I'm ashamed I couldn't control myself!  \ I hope you have better control next time.
There is a new Stephen King series on hulu \ Really? I tried to use hulu once but it wasnt for me. You going to watch it tonight? 
I'm waiting for new episodes. I don't like scary stuff but it's really good.  \ I dont like scary either im a baby i guess 
I once went to see fireworks with my best friend. Best day of my life. We're no longer friends. \ What a beautiful memory that you will always have though... have you tried to be friends again? 
No. I am too embarassed to reach out to her after all these years. \ I get it.. but you know life really is too short.. i think you should try to reach out! Do it! :) 
So I found something out the other night that made me extremely upset!  \ What happened?!
My child went out behind my back, and snuck out!  \ Oh no. Guess they have finally reached that rebellious age. What did you do?
I'm grateful for the work hours, but bummed that I can't get time off. \ Sorry to hear that. Maybe you can talk with your boss about changing the schedule a bit.
Well, I've worked without a break for the last 3 years, I just want to get away abit. \ Wow, that is a long time! That shows how dedicated you are to your job, and that you deserve some time off!
I had a flat tire over the weekend, and the AAA guy changed that tire so quickly and professionally. It was very impressive! \ Lucky! Last flat I had was on a gravel road in the middle of nowhere,lol.
When you have access to a service like that you are always grateful for it. \ My cell was out of range and it was dark out. My daughter was not happy. I am glad you got help.
I have been extremely diligent in my studies so far, and am participating in two clubs this upcoming year. The future is looking bright! \ That is awesome.  What are you hoping to do?
I am an electrical engineering student, and I am interested in quite a few things at this point. I think after this year, I will be able to get a paid internship next summer! \ That's the dream, to get paid in college.  I wish I could have done that.  Congratulations!
I have just started taking care of my grandmother. \ That's very admirable of you. It feels like no one takes care of family anymore.
She has dementia and I am the last of her family.  I hate seeing her languish in the nursing home she is in.  Hopefully I can get her doing better.  \ I am sure with your care, she will be much better off. I wish you and your family well.
I had to take my doggie to the vet \ Oh no is your dog okay?
I hope so.  He had a seizure the other day.  Plus I had to get his shots updated anyway. \ I hope it isn't anything serious.
I have to bake a chocolate cake tomorrow.  \ Hey that's sweet!  What for?
It's for a pot luck dinner.  I am ready for the challenge.  \ Ohh yeah!  That sounds awesome!  Is it a contest?
After visiting gym regularly for the past month, i have lost 4 pounds. I am very satisfied with my results \ I am very proud of you!  Keep it up!
Reaching such feats truly makes you feel good about yourself and boosts one's self-confidence in him \ I wish I had your drive.
I have to build a motor tomorrow.  \ Is it for your work or part of any school projects you are having?
It is for work.  I am sure it will get done. \ I admire engineering work. The true pioneers of society's good
I just recently witnessed this guy dump a pile of garbage from his truck on the freeway.  \ garbage collection most important
It was very dangerous and really messed up of the guy to do something like that. Too bad police were not around! \ all police not bad
i have very low mark \ Sorry to hear that. What happened on the test?
exam mark is low in school \ Hopefully next time you will get a better score and study more!
I'm feeling pretty guilty, I used my wife's razor's to shave this morning. \ Would she mind that? I wouldn't really mind that so much.
Probably not, but I feel weird about it, but surprisingly they work really well. \ We all use a certain brand here. Now, if you used my toothbrush, that would be fighting actions!
I am so tired of hauling garbage to the county dump. \ Are you cleaning out a house or do you not have garbage pick-up?
The company in my city just quit picking up for any of the residents, so the dump has a line every day. \ That is insane! I've never heard of anything like that before.  You all should start protesting!
My favorite donut shop went out of business. \ Ah that's a pity. It really sucks to lose favorite shops.
I am devastated that it's gone. \ It's like losing a family member... I hope you can find another shop like that someday.
I will watch a film this weekend and I have my fingers crossed it isn't a stinker. \ What movie is it?
It's called The Meg. A shark attack movie. \ That looks like a fun movie!
I walked out the door this morning and saw a six-car pile up! \ What a way to wake up! That's awful, what happened?
I guess one car didn't stop in time for the red light and everyone else was following too close. \ Well, I am sorry you had to witness that. Admittedly, it 
's all too common these days. |||| NEW CONVERSATION ||| I recently went to a dinner where we were served something unconventional to say the least. \ Oh really? What was it they served?
