Oh they are happy with anything. Animals are usually grateful beings :) It was one I have been watching for awhile and the price finally dropped to my ideal \ That is great, I am glad you got it
I was a little upset earlier. My brother did not meet me for lunch \ What happened? Was he honest with you?
I did not hear from him at all \ Ugh! Did he offer an explanation yet?
Happy Friday! Isn't it the worst just waiting for the work day to go by so you can get to your weekend? \ Happy Friday indeed! yes I can't wait to finish work for today even when i am just beginning.
I totally understand. Well, the best we can do is power through. Only 8 hours left for me, at least! \ Yeah, I have to.  And do you have plans for the weekend?
Yesterday we went hiking to the mountain and I didn't tell a friend we were going even when I knew she likes to come with us. \ Oh wow. Did your friend do something to upset you or something like that? Or were you just wanting some alone time?
No, it was just because last time she was very slow and we had to wait for her, but of course I now feel bad about it. \ Well everyone has their pace. Maybe the next time you go you can invite her but take more time. It's fun, either way!
i am happy that the kids return to school next week \ I think a lot of parents are!
yea, its time! \ Were they a handful over the summer?
My friend's home is being foreclosed on. \ is there anything that can be done to save it
She would have to come up with a lot of money \ what does she plan to do if she cant?
i was pissed when i forgot my house keys at work \ It happens a lot
yea i had to wait outside till my wife got home \ Was it a long wait
It was a nice day. I just sat on the patio and relaxed \ thats always nice to have time to sit and relax
It was really needed \ good for you.
My friend has been very distant lately. \ I am sorry, any reason why?
She says everything is okay, but it's definitely not. \ I am sorry you are going through that
I was angry last night. My friend was drunk and irritating \ Some drunks are funny, and some are unfortunately annoying as hell.
Yeah I wish they were funny \ Oh man, all your friends are the annoying drunks?
I was pulled over for speeding the other day.  The cop actually was really cool and just gave me a warning.  I was very relieved. \ You  got lucky.  I don't ever seem to get warnings.
Either he was just feeling generous or it was my lucky day.  Either way I really appreciated it \ Yeah no kidding. You caught a break.
I interviewed for a jew job on friday. I think it went well. \ I am happy that you think your interview was successful.  I know they can be nervewracking sometimes.
Yeah sometimes.  I think this one went well. \ I am glad to hear it.  I hope you get the new job!
i was saddened to see i didnt win the lottery \ i bet. that would be a bummer for anyone
yea its a bummer two times a week every week for me :p \ i bet. i never play so i can't complain
i am so glad that i have an understanding and kind husband \ why what happened?
nothing. i've just had some really bad relationships in my life and it makes me so glad to have him \ ah, i get that. thats good.
Hoping this next week is going to be a good paying work week too! \ Nice what do you do
I work online doing various tasks for different companies. It's been a stellar past 2 weeks and I love it! \ That's pretty awesome keep grinding
These days I've got my mind to the horizon of my dreams...because my feet are always taking giant leaps and landing where I need them to \ Thats great! You are reaching your goals then?
...yes \ More information?
When I grew up, I didn't appreciate my brother who raised me because my family was so busy. Now as an adult, I realized all the times I resented him, he was just trying to help me. He did so much by putting me through college. I can't help but get teary when I realize how much he cared about me. \ That is very sweet. Family is important
Yup, family gets more and more important as I get older. Now he has his own kid, and I cannot help but want to help my brother raise his kid because that is what he did for me. Weird how you don't realize things when you're younger. \ I know that feeling for sure
I tripped last night in front of people. I felt bad about it \ Ah man! You shouldn't feel bad about tripping. Why do you feel bad about it?
People saw me do it \ Take it in stride. Humility is a great feature to have!
A lot people know Toys-R-Us has completely shut down not long ago. \ yea i remember it seeing go away a few months back, sad.
Yeah, a lot of my friends and I got to thinking of all our memories there. Really makes you think back. \ yea those were the gold ole days
i was scared being home alone last night \ I get like that, was there a particular reason or just don't like it in general?
kept hearing sounds around the house with no one else at home \ That can be scary. We live in the middle of nowhere so I really panic when I hear something. I totally understand
Got seasons pass to an amusement park. \ that sounds like fun. what amusement park?
Cedar Point! got the pass at a discount. \ that is awesome. hope you enjoy yourself
i enjoy gardening and seeing what all the hard work will lead to \ I don't have a green thumb myself. What plants are you growing?
tomato, green beans, cucumber, watermelon,cantelope, green peppers, potatoes, and spicy peppers \ Wow. That's quite a variety! Those cantaloupes will be delicious!
I've got these shoes for over 5 years now. The sole is all worn out. \ Interesting.  You gonna get new ones
Yea but I'll miss these. I bought them with my first paycheck. \ What kind were they
I don't get mad easy.  But if there's anything that ticks me off a lot it's someone who tries too hard to make an impression.  Like if I like you I like you if I don't I don't it's that simple really haha \ Some people don't realize it's just as easy as being comfortable being yourself to be accepted.
Exactly. \ Are you gonna have to see this person again?
There isnt a better home cook in the world than myself. \ Really? What sort of cooking do you like to do?
Steak and potatoes aremy favorite. But I make the best spaghetti. Never even had a lesson \ I love spaghetti myself! I'm not a good cook at all though. I'm always eating out.
That gets expensive \ Yeah that's very true. But it is much easier than learning to cook myself.
I just had a brand new coworker start at my job. I've loved helping him learn the ropes! \ Cool. Most people dont like training.
Yeah I find it interesting to get to meet somebody new. Although it does get tiring too. \ I bet he appreciates you being nice though.
It took me 5 hours to bake this cake for my daughter, and now it's missing. \ hrmm, did it grow legs and walk away?
I hope not. \ you probably need to think about setting up a search crew
i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery \ I think we've all gone through that. How many tickets did you buy?
I only buy one. \ That's good. Not much wasted then.
I am thinking tomorrow is going to be nice. I am going to church \ That sounds great. Are you going to go get brunch after?
That is a good idea, I just might \ That's usually what I do.
My mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs. \ Oh wow, that is great for her
I know, I'm really glad she stuck to it. \ Its a good thing to be healthy
My brother is taking me to church tomorrow. Its a nice gesture from him \ That is nice, do you usually go to church? 
I do not, but I am looking forward to it \ Defenitly, sounds like something that you are your brother can share together and bond!
I feel so bad, I forgot my sisters birthday... \ Oh no, I am sure you can make it up to her
Yes I plan on it, its just been stressful time at home with a toddler, it slipped my mind \ Well you have busy, it happens
i was mad when i saw my dog got out \ I have heard that a lot today! How did yours get out
he dug a hole \ Ah! Have you put up flyers, etc?
I had a great two weeks with work \ that sounds good.
It's better then the alternative for sure! I made enough to even get a few things I wanted and to save up! I love it when those things happen. \ yea its great when things come together.
I love my husband so much I could never cheat on him. \ Love is a great thing, I am happy for you
Yea, I wouldnt want to hurt him, i cant understand anyone who does. \ Yeah, people can be unpredictable sometimes
My brother is getting married. I am so happy for him \ Thats awesome, are you in the wedding?
I am not, I did not want to jinx it \ Well, atleast you will be happy for him and there.
I forgot about my friends birthday last week. I felt bad about it \ Oh no! Do you forget birthdays a lot? I do sometimes. Always good to set reminds on your google calender etc
I just got busy, I will use that next time \ Did you get them a late birthday present/
 have money saved up, I am making extra money the past few weeks and there has been no big dramas.  \ Saving money is so important
I know right? I haven't been able to do that much in life. I have a few different savings accounts. Vet emergencies, car emergencies, life emergencies etc \ That is very smart to think about
i am really looking forward to taking a few days away from work before the end of the year \ Yea, you definitely need a break every now and then. Is it vacation time?
we haven't had one this year. it's mostly just cuz i'm burnt out at work and at my breaking point. \ Sounds like you're really tired. Are you going to make it to the end of the year without a break?
I still have the computer my dad got me back in 1998 or so. \ that is so cool. i loved the old school computers
Yea. They seem so fast to me back then! \ i know right. and the aol and dial up screeching in the background
My new job promised a raise at the end of 90 days, but I still haven't heard anything \ I am sure you will get it eventually
They better. Otherwise, I'm going to be job hunting. \ I hope you do not have to do that
I watched my friends dog for her. She is going through some things so I wanted to look out for her \ You are a great friend!
I try to be I guess \ Well, she's very lucky to have you during this tough time for her.
It can be really tough when your husband and teenagers have electronics.  \ you need to take them away!
I do for family time but sometimes I can sit in a full room and still feel no one is there \ yea i just take them away and let them cry it out.
i was mad when my dog got loose \ I can imagine. Luckily mine don't go far when they do
yea he likes to dig and go run around  the sub division.  \ I'm sure it was a challenge getting him back home, at least you got some exercise haha
I put in vacation request months ago and am now just being told they can't grant it. \ Oh no!  Why did it take them so long to get back with you?
I don't know really, but I think that's my last straw with them. \ That's horrible!  Did you already have plans made for the trip?  I hope you can work it out with them, but if not maybe finding another job that is a bit more accomodating would be beneficial.
We homeschool our girls and my oldest had to take a biology class last year. \ Do you mean the biology class was taken at a school?
Yes, we did it at home.  She had to dissect several things and I could not watch it.  She had to do it with my husband instead. \ Wow. That is pretty amazing. Did you enjoy it?
I can't get enough of music today. Especially all my songs/bands from when I was in my twenties. \ Music always seems to be better from the past, I understand all too well.
Its true though, they can't make good music these days. Not in ANY genre. \ I totally agree, new music is not as good.
My aunt surprised me for my 18th birthday. She showed up from out of state and really made my day. \ That was nice of her. I like pulling surprises on people too.
They are always nice to do that too. \ Hope you had a good birthday.
I haven't been able to find my favorite pineapple coconut cake anywhere, but there's a new bakery opening up soon \ That is nice. Would you be buying your cake there?
I'm going to check it out. I just want someone to make a pineapple coconut cake. \ I understand. Is it close to your home?
I am helping a friend that has lost his job recently. \ That's very kind of you. How long has he lost his job?
It has been three month. I am little bit worried about him because he is starting to be depressed. \ 3 months isn't too bad. I hope he stays strong.
I saw a bunch of guinea pigs gang up on a pig \ who won?
I think it was a tie, but I don't think it was fair for the pig, man. \ he'll get them next time.
i cant wait for monday to get here! \ People usually dread Mondays. What's happening that day?
the kids are going back to school \ Oh hahaha. A lot of my friends have been tweeting about that.
Can't believe this cat lept from a 10 foot tall slide. \ Cats are very fun, sometimes
I don't think I'll want to mess with one after that. \ I am sure its a nice cat too
4 \ uh oh, did something happen?
Oh no, I hit the wrong button. Sorry, I miss my dad this time of year. It makes me think of him \ What usually happens this tiem of year?
Thank goodness it's already August! Autumn is my favorite season. \ I can't wait for it to cool  down. It's so hot here.
Where do you live? I moved only a few weeks ago from Alabama, and it was always hot there. \ Texas.  It was in the 90's today.
Someone left their trash in the bed of my truck. \ Oh man, that kind of thing would make me furious. Do you have any idea who it might have been?
No clue. Some people are jerks. \ Yeah, I hate it. Parents need to start raising their kids better.
i am so happy the kids are going back to school. \ I'm sure they aren't though, hahahaha.
one of them is, the other does not want to return.. oh well. \ I hope the one who doesn't want to return at least gets to spend more time with their friends.
I've been having some serious headaches lately. I don't know why. \ you should probably go to the doctor
I hate going to the doctor though. \ well it might help you get rid of them a little quicker or find the underlying issue
I bought some treats for my cat this weekend. I just had a plan \ What's your plan?
Just to make sure he can have fun with new toys and not rely on me so much \ aw is he usually clingy?
I ate the last piece of cake. \ What kind of cake was it
It was tres leche. I have no regrets, but there will be very upset people. \ I am glad, you deserve a treat every once and awhile
Tomorrow is going to be fun. We are going hiking and kayaking \ That sounds pretty amazing. Is the place you go to nearby?
Its 30 minutes away, but its so nice \ Oh that's actually not that bad. How long are you guys going for?
The hotdog I had tasted pretty funky. I'm not sure if it's gone bad \ I hope you do not get sick!
Yea, me too. I don't even know why I finished it. \ I guess you were hungru
Tomorrow is my husbands Birthday! \ That is great!  Do you have anything fun planned for him
Yes, we are going out for a nice dinner. We haven't been on a date in months! \ That sounds like a good birthday.  I hope you guys have fun
I have entered a poker tournament for next weekend.  I think I have a pretty good chance at winning. \ That's pretty awesome, I've never played before! It is hard to learn?
It takes practice for sure.  Really the more experience you have the better you get. \ I bet! Good luck, I hope you win some good money!
I love the holidays, that make think back to being a kid. \ Ah same here. If only we had more holidays in a year!
Yea, that would really be great. Or maybe we'd get bored. \ I guess we'll never though unless something monumental happens, and we get another holiday.
I broke up with my girlfriend this same time last year \ That's unfortunate, made a new one since?
Nope. I haven't felt anything for anyone since. \ That's terrible, I hope you find someone soon.
i can't stand to go the bathroom at work after someone else \ so do you wait till you are back at home?
i try. sometimes i can't help it and i have to and goodness it was awful \ yea thats understandable 
i was mad when i saw my dog was missing \ oh no. did you find it?
he has been gone a week \ have you tried the shelters or local vets?
I get paid today and I'm getting this new game I've been waiting on to be released! \ I get paid today as well! What game are you thinking about getting?
I'm thinking about getting FarCry 5. I pre-order for the early release! I'm really excited about it. \ Didn't that game come out a few months ago? I got it shortly after I released and I wasn't very impressed. It wasn't a bad game, but it certainly was not the best game.
Do you usually take your trash out to the road every week? It is quite an awful experience, in my opinion. I feel very disgusted hauling that big ole bin to the road. \ I live in an apartment so I take mine out to the dumpster every few weeks. I feel your pain though. Growing up I had to take ours down our steep driveway every week.
I know! It's physically exhausting. And when the flies start swarming, I get terrified and feel like I am going to come down with the bubonic plague. \ It is daunting. I think I still have nightmares about it. I feel dirty just thinking about it right now.
So no real plans this weekend... Just sitting here alone. \ Being alone is good sometimes!
Yeah I didn't think about that. Could see some benefit there.. \ Yep. You should definitely do the things you wouldn't normally do with people around!
All the lights in my neighborhood has gone out except my home. People are looking at my home weird now. \ Wow that's a strange thing. Any idea why that happened?
I have no idea. Somehow we lucked out, and now the neighbors are expecting stuff from us now. \ Haha must think you guys are the luckiest on the block.
I did pretty good on my math test. \ I am glad, what grade did you get
I was able to make a 95. I studied really hard to get that. \ Oh wow, that is great
I felt pretty alone today. I did not hear from anyone \ That sucks. Have you tried contacting your family?
I did not. I was pretty lazy \ Well, you're talking to me so that's something.
There is a big storm going on in my town right now! \ O? Same here. I love storms.
I don't, it makes me nervous with the strong winds and rain!  \ Be careful and don't go outside then.
My favorite game has an expansion on Monday, I can't wait. \ Nice! What game?
World of Warcraft, It's been my favorite for years. \ Oh cool, I've heard of it but never played, I'm not too good with games.
i was not happy when i was told that i had to go into work on saturday \ I don't blame you. Work is a drag
yea you got that right \ hate it
GED test was super easy. I was confident that I would pass it \ did you find out the results?
Yeah I crushed \ dang thats awesome!
I get sad this time of year. It makes me think of my dad \ im sorry  to hear that
I have memories, so thats better than nothing \ yea this is true
i wasnt happy when i had to go into work on saturday \ That never sounds fun
yea it isnt :( \ I am sorry you had to work then
I just got a promotion at my job!  \ I am happy for you. What kind of work
I work in Human Resources for a big company, I wasn't expecting the promotion! Feel Blessed :) \ That sounds like a nice job
I have felt alone all weekend. I guess my friends were busy \ Aww I'm sorry, i hope you atleast got some good relaxing time alone!
I did get to relax a lot \ That's great! Enjoy the weekend and have a good week!
I was scared driving on thursday. It was raining so hard \ did you pull over or keep pushing through
I just went slow \ well at least you made it safely through!
im happy that the kids will be returning to school next week! \ What grades are they in
K, 4, 5, 10th \ Oh wow, that is a lot of school
My brother has assured me we are going on a trip soon. I am holding him to that \ do you think its going to happen?
I do trust him, so yes \ thats good.
i was mad when i had to go into work on a saturday \ I hate that. Work is never fun on the weekends
yea and it always seems to go by so slowly \ That sounds very painful
I really like every shelf in my house to be arranged just so. \ I feel you! Do you have everything facing the right way?
I do, everything is in it's place. It thoroughly bothers me when someone puts random stuff on them, like cups or papers. \ Oh well, it happens though, don't be too hard on people!
Super excited about some moisturizer I am getting tomorrow.  \ Oh I love trying new things for me! Everyone deserves spoiling sometimes
Very true! I have to have a good moisturizer. It seems like I can't ever find the right one for my skin so I am hoping this works. \ I have that problem too. Most feel heavy and make me sweat. I really hope it's just right for you
My brother got a job promotion. I am happy for him \ Great! What kind of job and how good of a promotion?
It was pay raise and title change \ Oh great! Hopefully a nice chunk of change :)
I got the wrong part for my mower. \ Are you going to get the right part?
It said it fit my lawn mower but it didn't,. Such a bummer! So I don't know how to get the right part? I have to pay extra now :/ \ I am sure you can find help online
I was very happy because my result was out \ Must have been a good result.  Was it for a job, school, or for medical results?
Yes I made excellent result \ I am sure your family was proud of you, as well!
My roommate and I used to plan for weeks to prepare for music festivals! \ Wow that must be lot of preparation 
It was, but part of the fun was getting ready!  Sometimes the planning can be just as fun as the event! \ Where is this event going to be
I start a new job on monday. \ Congrats! What kind of job is it?
It's an IT job. \ Great! What kind of stuff will you be doing?
Happy with my momma dog. I would've thought after all her abuse she wouldn't be that good of a momma \ Its instinctive. They  pretty much know what to do by instinct.
I don't agree as humans can be terrible mothers and I have seen animals crush their own offspring..eat them or leave them. It happens! but she is trying hard to be and is very protective. It's nice. I don't have to bottle feed \ That's great to hear.  I'm glad it worked out.
it was impressive to see lebron sign with the lakers and leave the cavs a second time \ i don't really follow players when they get so big that they seem like they are getting too big for their britches
yea you just dont see big time players do that so its fun to see when it does happen \ i used to live in miami and that was a big deal when he was part of the white hot heat
i really love to look at old photo albums and see how everyone has grown and how things have changed \ ah yes its always nice to take a moment to remember the past
i love seeing my family grow and the kids all have kids now \ thats wonderful to hear! take care.
My friend got to go on a trip this weekend without me. I am pretty envious \ Why was it without you?
I had to work \ Well that can't be helped. What kind of trip was it?
My neighbor is out again having a party...I find it strange because he yelled at me on a night before when he was working...but it's okay when he wants too? \ No, not if he is being loud and rude, that is never okay
They are very strange. I don't understand that selfishness. People work all different days and hours. Of course he doesn't have the nerve to go yell at the people who set off fireworks all night after 10.  \ I guess he has no care for anyone but himself
I was making myself a pancake the other day and my dog kept bothering me. \ did he get a beat down?
No, he's my right hand man so I had to let it slide. \ ah well in that case thats a good move.
i loved taking care of my sisters pet the other day \ What kind of pet was it?
a bearded dragon \ Very cool lizards, I like their beards.
I just found out my husband is cheating on me.. \ That's terrible. Do you know how long it's been going on?
A few months, I'm not sure what my next move is. Staying in a hotel for a few days to think. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. What did he say?
I forgot my mom's birthday was 2 days ago \ Oh wow, I'm sure she will understand! My send some nice flowers and a sorry card.
That's a great idea. I'll do that! \ A mothers love is unconditional, she will forgive you :)
Starting some new herbs and I am a bit scared I might have bad effects. \ Just be careful, I am sure you know what you are doing
Oh yes, I research everything a LOT but I have such a sensitive system and I'm allergic to so many things..So I hope they help instead of hurt \ I am sure you will be okay
I am looking forward to tomorrow, Church should be fun \ I am glad you go! What kind of church is it?
Its a normal baptist church \ What are they doing tomorrow?
My friends left to dinner without me since I canceled last minute \ Why did you have to cancel?
I had to work. If I said no to work, I'd just be putting a bullseye on my back. \ I can understand that - unfortunately some times we have to do those annoying things in order to keep things level.
I was sitting in traffic the other day because there was a wreck up ahead. \ Were the people involved ok?
I think so, there were just a lot of cars involved.  But this crazy person decided he was more important than anyone else and zoomed up the emergency lane blocking the ambulance that was trying to get to the wreck. \ Always that bad egg everywhere. It's people like that, that causes accidents.
This summer heat is almost over! \ yes i cant wait for it to be over!
Fall and spring are my favorite seasons. Can't deal with these extreme weathers lol. \ yea we have the AC on way too much in the summers
i cant wait for next week! \ What's going on next week?
the kids go back to school \ Oh yea, how could I forget that. How many kids do you have?
I'm getting married next weekend! \ Wow congratulations! Will it be a big ceremony?
No, we are just going to go sign the papers lol. We're saving for a home. \ That's smart, I think big weddings are a waste of money honestly.
I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. \ It's good to have friends you can count on like that.
Yeah it makes you grateful to have people in your life like that, gotta hold on to them. \ You're right. They're pretty rare.
I'm so glad it's going to be fall soon. \ Yeah its really hot here. I can't wait for it to cool off.
How how is it where you are? \ it was in the 90's today
I've got a date tomorrow afternoon. I think its going go to well.3 \ aw that's so sweet. I hope it goes well.
I think it will. I'm feeling pretty good. \ Is it your first date with the person?
We had a house fire last year that destroyed everything , it was very tough on my family \ I am so sorry to hear that, it must have been heartbreaking. How did your family cope?
My family was strong through it all but my kids lost all their favorite possessions, but no one was hurt and thats all that really matters \ Well that's good to hear. Possessions can be replaced but your family is all that really matters in the end!
Ever since I started riding my motorcycle, traffic has been an interesting affair. Sometimes I think drivers are mad or confused at me, but they really just want to talk about the bike! \ I bet that is an experience you are still trying to get used to
Oh, for sure. I always try to ride defensively and so I don't cause offense to others, but it can really be random sometimes. \ I see a lot of cars that do not watch out for motorcycles, be careful out there
My friend is always at least 30 minutes late to everything. \ sounds like my wife
hahaha how do you deal with it? \ i set the clocks ahead in the house and in the car .. it doesnt work all the time but it helps 
im hoping to win the lottery tonight \ Nice. How many tickets did ya get?
all i need is ONE! \ Good luck! How'd you choose the numbers?
I had a test yesterday, but I made sure to study throughout the week before. \ how do you feel like it went?
I think it went well and that I am confident. \ that would be amazing. when will you know?
i hoped that my supervisor or director would acknowledge my hard work \ They still have not taken notice?
they don't make me feel acknowledged or appreciated \ That's very unfortunate, hopefully that changes.
I miss my dog this time of year. \ What happened to your dog?
She passed away. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  are you going to get another doggo?
I opened the back door to let my dog out and a giant roach tried to fly in the door. \ Wow. Did the roach make it?
He did but I killed him. \ Dang. You sure told him!
I lost 20 pounds this year. Think I'll look great in my suit. \ Congratulations! How did you go about losing so much weight?
I ate the same but exercised a lot more. I knew I couldn't give up the foods I loved. \ Oh I can relate, I love food a lot and it's a curse and a blessing.
You know actually speaking on that, I've historically been a terrible cook but I've been practicing a lot and I'm getting really comfortable with where I'm at. I made caramel-fudge brownies today and they were reaaally good. \ Man, that sounds really delicious. Where'd you get the recipe?
My boss from work has all sorts of recipes like that. She taught me how to make Jalapeno Pepper Jelly, and that's so excellent on biscuits. You should try it if you haven't had it before. \ Your boss sounds pretty amazing. I want to work with you guys, hahaha.
My daughter is finally fully potty trained! \ Good for her! She must be quite proud of herself.
Yes, I am very happy as well! No more buying diapers haha \ Oh gosh. Diapers are really expensive. I forget all about that.
We keep getting these flood warnings, but they never happen when we're told it will. \ Oh wow, that must be confusing, scary and fustrating!
Yea. When a flood is really gonna happen, none of us will even be prepared probably. \ Exactly! no one is going to take the warnings seriously!
My dog nursed me back to health. She's such a sweetheart. \ Really? Can you explain that more?
Yea, of course. She would cuddle me, and bring me whatever I needed, since I could barely move. \ That's amazing. I really am impressed for your dog.
So, my new puppy is adorable though maybe not as amazing yet as yours. \ Oh they're all amazing in their own ways!
She's so cute and fun, i love her already. \ What breed is she?
I started doing more research on salaries for the degree I'll have in 6 months. \ Nice. How much do you expect to make?
It seems to be about 60,000 per year just out of college. I am eager to see if the statistics are correct.  \ That's a pretty good sum of money. I hope you start there as well!
I don't have money to buy my brother a present. \ Aww, that's sad. I have been there more than I like to admit.
Thank you. I'm going to cook him some wings. I hope he's not disappointed. \ I'm sure if he's a good brother he will understand. My family is always happy to receive food as a gift because it's made with love.
I was jobless but recently I found a job. I will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment. \ wow that is awesome that you were able to do that
I am very happy. I have been jobless for six month. I was almost becoming crazy. \ everyone needs to get out in the real world to stay sane!
i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted \ That is sad. What was the gift she wanted?
she wanted a horse \ wow, she is asking too much. Every kid want a horse.
i'm so blessed. i have a great husband and together we have built a good life  \ Good life partners are hard to find. You hold on to him.
i am trying. trust me i know. i've had somebad relationships in my life. \ How long have you two been together?
I saw this little chihuahua tell off a parrot. \ oh really how?
He was barking until the parrot shut up. \ haha that is great
There's this guy that keeps wondering around my home the same time each day. \ ohh, strange. Keep an eye on him.
I will. Think I'll have to call nonemergency on him, if it happens again. \ Yes. Be safe. Call police in emergency.
Last week when I was coming back to my home from office, a strange man approached me \ Oh no, what happened next?
I had a gun. I felt I was ready. If anything would have happened, I could have used it. \ I'm glad nothing happened.
I was proud when my brother got his degree. He was the first in our family to do that so it was nice. \ Thats awesome. I wish everyone could go to college if they wanted
Yeah that would be nice to have the opportunity \ yeah. if only
Paying rent is starting to make me mad. \ Money issues are always hard.
Its not that. My apartment is crappy and Id rather be paying for a home \ Well, you should look into that
So my boss sent me over to close the deal with the Mr Harris. I felt so happy closeing a big client like that. \ Thats great, was the result good?
He signed right away and we had a drink to celebrate. \ That's great. How happy were you?
I was in the woods and a snake came out of no where. \ Did it bite you? Are you ok?
Luckily it did not. I was fine just scared. \ Im glad you are ok. Some of those are poisonous and can kill.
My daughter has been taking ballet since she was 2 - she's almost 16 now. \ wow, she should be very good?
Well, she knows all the steps now, it's just a matter of working on perfecting them I guess.  She's very dedicated though and takes class 6 days a week. \ That is very good.
My sister lost her job recently. I am trying to help her. \ That's terrible! You are being nice to try and help her.
She get worried very quickly. So, she really need help and support. \ Hopefully she can find something else quickly so she doesn't worry so much
A few days ago I took my personal training certification test. I really thought I did horribly, but today I got my results in the mail and I scored a 98%! \ wow thats a great score!
Thanks. I'm so stoked! I guess I shouldn't doubt myself; I did study pretty hard. \ hard work pays off as they say.
it was suprising to see lebron leave the cavs a second time \ I actually don't know too much about basketball, so I really don't have a strong opinion on that. Is that a bad thing?
no its just that a superstar player left the team and then returned only to leave a second time  takes a lot of guts to do \ I guess he's confident that he can do well with any team.
I feel positive about my money making abilities no matter what happens in the next few months.  \ That's great! Do you have a traditional job or do you work for yourself?
I do both :) It's been a pretty terrible summer, and for me to feel this good now is a miracle but I know I can work my butt off \ I know it's hard when you're not sure if you can make enough money. Was there a change that made you feel better about it?
Two years ago I decided to go back to school after working at my job for 12 years. At the time I was very nervous about my decision. \ Oh wow and you couldn't keep your job? What were you going to school for?
I still work there, but just part time now. I am studying Computer Science. \ Oh wonderful! One of the best fields to be in right now
I love it. Just ten more classes to go until I finish. \ Wow! Good luck, there are so many things you can do with that degree and from home too!
I know it's silly, but my friend got something I wanted in a game the other day, bit sad. \ We're all human so having a feeling like that is understandable.
I guess, little things at times right? \ Yea, I'm always surprised at how much I sweat the little things.
I cursed in front of my grandmother the other day. \ O really? how'd she react to hearing that?
She was frowning, I am not proud that it happened. \ I'm sure something really frustrating happened first.
Someone tried to steal the tailgate off of my truck last night. \ oh my were they able to take it?
He set my alarm off some how and then dropped it and ran \ what a fool. where the cops able to catch him?
No, He made a clean get away. \ that stinks. hopefully he won't try it again on you or anyone else for that matter.
Who knows. I hope not. \ me either. i'm sorry you had to go thru that.
i hate when people think they can blatenly just flirt with your partner \ Yeah that's annoying.  Welcome to the problems of having an attactive mate.
he is attractive but the girl was as ugly on the outside as she was on the inside \ Take it as a compliment.
i used to now it's just obnoxious \ Yes it is.  Its unavoidable though. People suck.
A day before yesterday, my cat died \ I'm so sorry, it's hard to lose our animals, they become a part of our family.
you are right. I was very very sorrowful and nostalgic that day. And even now \ The pain never really goes completely away, but it does get easier to deal with.
My best friend's mom has terminal lung cancer. \ ohh, that's bad. I feel sorry for her
Yeah, it's hard to know how exactly to help her deal with this, so I just try to be there to listen. \ Don't worry. She will recover. I will pray for her
it upset me to see my brother pulling up in a new BMW \ Why? Did he steal it? haha
nah cause he doesnt pay child support but he can go get stuff like this \ Oh wow, that is low! Hate men like that, that won't support their children.
I watched The Lion King today with my daughter, reminded me of my childhood. \ thats a good movie, cant wait for the live action version coming out
Yes! I'm excited for that as well. I watched the movie with my mom when it first came out! \ thats  awesome
my husband I are fixing my parents house. \ Well that is very nice of you.  Is it a pretty big project?
yes it is, but we are helping it to look better everyday! \ That is great.  I sure they are very thankful for the lep
I in a plane last month and we hit a bunch of turbulance.  It was very unnerving and the plane was shaking a lot \ Oh thats scary! 
Yes, I am not the best flyer anyway, so I really did not have a good time \ Im sorry to hear that! Maybe next time it will be better or try another way to travel that is better.
I waited for my sister all day today. She was 6 hours late \ Why was she so late, thats terrible
I have no idea. I didn{t get to do anything I planned today because I had her kids.  \ I'm so sorry. I hope she makes it up for her.
5 \ 8
Opps. Ok, i mean that I was sad the other day because a friend is moving. \ Is it far away_
not to far, but it's still sad to see her go. \ Well you can still hang out since its not far
I went to buy Legos for  my nephew the other day. \ ohh that's nice. Legos was one of my favorite games, when I was a kid
They are so pricey!  But it did remind me that my kids have way surpassed the Lego age - the years just fly by. \ Yes, today's kids! They just stick to their ipad.
Have you ever seen tiger woods game? \ I have not - do you enjoy watching him?
The first time when I saw him playing, I was very influenced by his style! \ He is pretty amazing!
I had an accident and my new car got bashed, i'm not happy about that :( \ Oh no! I hope you are ok.
Luckily insurance paid but my time was wasted  \ Things happen we cant do anything about it, I hope this accidently wont affect you in the long term
I have done all my paper work for my exam tomorrow, now i can relax until tomorrow. \ That's amazing. It's good to give your head a rest so that you will recall all the items easily when you are at the exam center
Thanks, I think I have learnt everything because redid each past exam paper 10 times. \ I wish you all the best in the Exam
I have been having a rough week! \ Are you glad its over?
Yes but I am afraid I might loose my job.. \ I am sorry, any backup options?
We had some storming last weekend. It was pretty scary \ Oh wow that does sound scary! Are you okay? Any damage to your home?
No damage. There were some trees knocked down close to here though \ That's good! I know insurance can be a pain to deal with!
When I was 18 years old and living on my own, my dad still helped me pay for half of a pickup truck so I could have a way to get around. I'm so thankful to him, because I still use this truck today, 12 years later! \ Wow. It is so nice of him. I am supprissed that the pick up lasted 12 years.
I am too. It's gotten me every where I needed to go and rarely gave me trouble. \ That is a very solid truck that you have.
I was keeping my savings at home in safe. My house was recently robbed. The safe is gone also. \ Oh no! Did you have any sort of security cameras to see who did it?
They were hidden their faces and wearing gloves. I don't think that the police will be to find them. I feel totally destroyed. \ That's horrible. I hope you can find a way to recoup what was lost quickly and move on.
I am watching alpha dogs \ Is that a movie?
Yeah about a kid who get kidnapped and they end up killing him. The actor is dead now too. I get sad watching this movie \ Oh wow, that certainly sounds like a sad movie for sure!
We are doing a lot of work on our house right now. \ Cool. Has it been taking a long time_
Well, we just started but we expect it to take a few years.  We want to move when the girls go to college if possible and get into a different neighborhood. \ I hope to move into a house next year
I hate how our country is right now. \ Why do you say that
People just can't seem to get along, makes me sad. \ That is very true sadly
The traffic last night was nerve wracking. A lot of traffic and aggressive driving \ Ouch, was it way worse then normal due to weather?
Yeah it really was \ That's scary, i hate driving in storms.
I spent all weekend alone, wish my family lived closer. \ i know what you mean. my family is 800 miles away
My family is over 2,000 miles away in Alaska, its tough! \ i feel for you. it really makes life tough when you can't just take a drive down the road and see them.
i really miss my family. it's hard to be 800 miles away \ I bet! Hopefully you can take some time off and go see them soon!
it's really hard to do that in a one income household.  \ I understand, I'm sure your family misses you as well. Maybe you can meet half way for the holidays.
My husband woke up with his face swollen and a terrible toothache \ That's horrible. Did he get to go to the dentist yet?
Not yet, but I was his bedside nurse all day. Anything he needed I was sure to get. \ That's very kind of you to be there for him like that. 
The new semester starts at the end of the month and I think I have bought all the supplies I need to be ready. \ My kids just started back Thurs and my new semester starts then too. I definitely understand
Yea, it's a bit stressful to get ready, but it goes smoothly once it begins I think. \ I'm sure it'll go fine. Usually the jitters are worse than it actually is
Back in school, when I was playing soccer with my friends, I accidentally tackled my friend \ Were they pokay
He was very angry and I felt very guilty \ Oh well, I am sure they have moved on
I have a good feeling about tomorrow. I think its going to be fun \ ohh good for you. But why is that?
I am going to a cigar bar with friends \ ohh that's cool. I have never been there at such place. But, I am happy for you.
My sister in law makes me furious almost on a daily basis. \ Why does she do that
She cannot take care of her kids, yet has no problem going out shopping and spending every dime she makes on herself. \ That sounds bad, I feel bad for you
I get nostalgic when I think about this time of year. It makes me think of when I was younger \ Time sure flies doesn't it - what is it about this time of year that takes you back?
Just being a kid and doing fun summer things \ ah yes, those were the days - the carefree days of summer!  Now we just work - LOL!
i really enjoy keeping up with old family traditions i grew up with \ I like those as well, what are some of yours
going to the pumpkin patch, singing happy birthday at midnite on a person's birthday \ Oh that sounds so nice
4 \ what is 4 for?
I am sorry. I meant to say I was irritated by the weather this week. I wish the sun would come out \ it was like monsoon weather here too. it's depressing and my garden is suffering
Ah, it's been rough. My dog passed away two nights ago. \ Oh no that's awful. I am sorry for your loss!
Thank you, she was 12 years old so I knew it was coming but still shook up about it. \ Yes, we can never be truly ready to lose our babies like that. I have been through it several times. At least they are happy and pain free now.
Yesterday I spilled some tea on my pants and it looked like I had an accident IN my pants. \ That must have been an embarsing situation but we've all been there.
Yeah it was. I was trying to hide behind desks for hours until it dried. Not a good day to be wearing khakis. \ haha I'm sure it'll be a good story to tell and hopefully you can laugh about it now.
I hope it turned out that everything was OK \ Everything was in the end, but at first not so much.
That is great to know. \ Yeah, it was a nice learning experience.
I was ashamed when I got in trouble with the law. I was more ashamed of what my dad was going to think. \ It must have been embarrassing. Hope it ended well for you.
I am here now thankfully, it was a learning experience for sure. \ I'm happy for you.
My friend got to play golf today. I wanted to, but I had to work \ That's a bummer!  Were you upset about it?
I was just envious of him \ yeah, I can understand that.  Maybe next time you'll get to go and he'll have to work!
it seems like every other family in my daughter's class lives in a mansion. \ It must be nice to be rich
Yeah, that's what I think every time I see them - it's hard to be myself around them. \ I am sorry, just be yourself
I hate when it storms so bad the power goes out \ me too. it worries me that all the food will spoil and my animals will get overheated
I agree. \ does your power go out alot where you live? it only happens a few times a year here thankfully
i really love keeping up with old family traditions i grew up with \ O yea? what kind would that be?
we would make a specific kind of stuffing for thanksgiving, we go to the pumpkin patch for halloween. \ Nice, I love thigns like that, so important I feel.
My friend is moving away soon. I am pretty sad about it \ That's sad to hear - it's hard to find a true good friend.  How far away are they moving?
A couple of states over \ Hopefully you will be able to visit and vice versa  - but it's never really the same is it?
My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and I tried to help take care of him. \ I am sorry. I am sure he appreciates you being there for him
Well, I tried but it was really hard - we had to bring hospice in.  The people that work for hospice are some amazing helpers. \ Its good he has such good care
i really like the feeling of the unknown on christmas morning \ Oh yeah, that was a great feeling to have, especially as a child.
i know right. my husband and i don't exchange gifts so it's mostly the childhood nostalgia memories \ It's the same with me and my finacee. We'll just go somewhere nice for dinner or something. That childhood magic was the best.
I'm feeling very happy about being able to go camping next weekend! \ that's awesome. i really want to go camping but we haven't been able to yet
Yeah it's so fun but so hard to find time for. It's been a long time since I have done it. \ are you going somewhere local or going out of town ?
It's going to be a local campground type of place, but I have never been to it before. \ that is always fun. enjoy your time.
I did not get my paycheck cleared before the weekend. I was pretty mad at myself \ That would be disappointing. What will you do?
I will have to be wise with money until monday I guess \ That's too bad. Good luck with that.
My daughter just graduated from high school \ I bet you are proud of her
Very much so! She has worked so hard. \ Sounds like a smart girl
My husband took our girls on a father-daddy day trip the other day. \ how sweet. what did they do on their special day?
They went to Six Flags - I had no idea how quiet it would be around the house with them gone.  I'm not so sure I liked it though. \ i get that. i wish we had children so my husband could do that.
i really want to see what my husband and i will accomplish by the end of the year \ In what areas?
financially and personally \ I hope that you all meet and exceed your goals.  It's great to have goals to work towards.
Back in school, my best friend got better grade than me. And it was an important subject \ That sucks, did they just study more or what happened?
I have no idea, we studied all together. I was very envious on him. \ I would be too. Well maybe you'll get a better grade than him next year
I applied for my dream job but I never got a call back. \ oh that's bad. I feel sorry for you.
So do I, I saw a person who was having an interview right after me working there yesterday \ But don't feel dejected. Your time will come. I pray for your bright future.
I crashed my car yesterday \ I am sorry, are you okay
I'm fine but it was my dream car. I hate that I totalled it. \ What kind of car
My friend got a new dog. Its my favorite breed, so I am a little envious \ I bet it is so cute! What breed is it?
Its a dashsund \ Oh I love those! Well at least you can go over and play with it anytime you want without having to clean up after it lol
My brother is not coming home this weekend, I am pretty upset about it \ Is there a way you could go and see him?
He lives a few hours away, maybe some other time \ I'm sorry you won't get to see him this weekend - perhaps you can have a nice long phone call or skype or something to catch up until you can see him again.
I had to have a medical test done about a month ago - all was fine but geez! \ That sounds hard
Yeah, and I had to wait 2 weeks for the results - it was so nerve-wracking! \ That does sounds sounds to me
I am so happy the houses in my neighborhood are far apart \ You dont like your neighbors?
They are fine. Its just quieter. I can't hear everything that goes on like in my old apartment \ That is a nice feeling
I am looking forward to tomorrow. I am going to church with a friend \ Cool. I haven't ben to chrch in a while
Its okay, it happens \ I should make time to go though
I recently got great news, medically. \ Thats good, I am not sure if I can ask what happened? 
I'm glad you did!  I had a tumor removed, and it was NOT cancerous! \ Oh wow, I am glad that you are okay.
I tripped my first day of high school in front of people. It was a tad bit embarrassing for me then and there. \ Oh no!  Did they react by laughing, helping, or ignoring?
Most of them did not see it, but the ones who did were laughing and point. \ I can see where that would be embarrassing.  I hope your pride wasn't hurt too much... or you physically!
My kids start school next week. \ Well congrats! Is it kindergarten?
Nope, 2nd and 4th. We went and got all their supplies today. \ Mine are in 1st, 6th, and 9th grade this year so I know what you mean.
I accidentally walked out with my drink in my hand at the store and forgot to pay for it. \ Uh oh. I think everyone does that sometimes.
I didnt' even realize it until I got home so I couldn't go back and pay for it. I felt terrible. \ Don't be too hard on yourself.
i was walking out of the bathroom at work after the person before me had really stunk up the place then i open the ddoor to find my boss waiting to used the bathroom \ Does your boss has thought it is you?
i think so just because i was the last one coming out of the bathroom. iwas mortified. \ Hopefully, he will forget about it.
I have been jobless for 6 months now. Next week, I have five interviews. I hope to be hire in one of those positions \ i hope that you will get the job that is going to be what is best for you. stay positive.
I am always trying to stay postive. \ that is important. like my grandma always tells me "like attracts like" so be what you want to attract to you.
I am looking forward to next week I am going to be off work \ What do you plan on doing with your time off?
Mostly relaxing I think \ Maybe a quick shot to the beach.
Can't believe I got accepted to school. \ What kind of school
University, I'm going to study accounting. \ I hope you do well
I was really hoping to go to the waterpark this weekend but it doesn't look like I'm gonna get to go. \ Why not?
It's looking like thunderstorms every day so they'll be closed. \ That sucks. Maybe you can go next weekend
I ordered a salad today and had it delivered to the house \ Well that's mighty convenient, was it delicious?
Actually it wasn't. There was hardly any lettuce! \ What! It's not even a salad without a ton of lettuce! I hope you called and complained!
I am going to do well at work next week, I have been working on a project \ That's great. So you are confident in the progress of it?
I just feel like its good work \ That's a great feeling to have. A job well done.
I was gonna go camping this weekend, but now it looks like it will rain it out. \ Rain can be annoying when it comes to that
It sure can. Oh well, guess I will have to reschedule for sometime later. \ Hopefully it will be sunny then
I saw a giant flying roach on the front porch. \ How big was it?
More than an inch long. \ That
That? \ That must have been so scary, did you kill him?
He scurried off before I had a chance :( \ That's awful he might be in your house.
It was so scary to see my house burn down. \ That's awful. How did it catch on fire?
It was a combustion of paint cans in my garage. \ That sucks.
It was no good at al. \ Do you have home owners insurance?
I do thankfully, but they'll fight us over it. \ I'm sure it will all work out.
When I was young, we moved to Arkansas. \ Did you enjoy it there?
No! I felt isolated! Away from my friends. \ That is hard when you are young.  My family moved around a lot until I was 13.
I never really imagined what it would be like to be a parent and then I became one. \ Good for you! How was your first experience?
It's honestly like watching your heart walk around outside of your body. \ I am really happy for you. Hope i'll be a dad one day.
I am so ready for summer to be over \ Me too! This heat in Texas is killing me.
The tennessee heat is probably the same \ Yes, I have family in Nashville and they said it's been hot!
I found a hundred dollar bill when cleaning my closet! \ Wow. Do you remember losing it?
No! I'm not sure where it came from! and I live alone :O \ That's weird lol
Just got back from a festival! \ Did you enjoy yourself?
It was amazing, we travelled to Montreal in Canada. Osheaga was the name of the festival. \ Ah, so not just a little town festival - ya'll did it big!!  It sounds amazing!
When we moved into our new house, our cat found a field mouse that had gotten inside. \ Your cat must have got treats for that.
HA!  Well I'm the one that found her and she was just playing with it.  There was blood everywhere, it was so gross. \ That's brutal, my cat plays with her kills too.
Wh didn't anyone explain adulting to me \ What's your issue?
I am tired of paying bills lol \ That's rough, being an adult has it's perk though!
I don't know  I miss being a kid \ What do you miss most?
bring ignorant to responsibility lol \ That is the best to be fair, maybe some day when we grow old we can be ignorant again.
My brother is seriously delusional, spending his money so unwisely. \ What did he do?
Spent all his christmas money on booze! \ OH no. Does he have a problem?
He does but we're working through it. \ Well hopefully he will get better
Finding out that I was pregnant really floored my husband and I both. \ News that big would be a shock to anyone! How did you both handle it?
A few moments of silence then we decided it as time to get it together. \ I'm glad you both found the courage to face it head on. Nice job!
I don't have children myself, but being a guardian for my dog is rewarding too. \ Most definitely!. Dogs are important members of a family.
I agree. I guess it doesn't really matter what or who we provide for - as long as we're all happy and doing our best! \ Indeed. My son called our dog his cousin for a little while...weird I know.
Can't believe how awful I scored on that test. \ Did you study?
I did but the calculus is so difficult to me. \ Calculus 1?
Yep, it was just introductory but I hadn't done math in so long. \ Just wait til you get to calc II... that's the miserable one.
A co-worker of mine got a promotion over me. \ How do you feel about that?
Pretty annoyed maybe a little jealous.  I guess going to lunch with the boss every day has its benefits. \ It really does, what job do you work at?
IT \ Do you have any plans to try and get back at your boss?
Yeah, find a new job.  \ You should get on that soon.
There was a huge spider on my wall, it ran away before I could kill it.. \ I am so afraid of spiders
Me too, I think it was a wolf spider. I hope I can sleep tonight \ I have no idea what a wolf spider is. It sounds terrible though
I have new neighbors \ Oh nice, have you met them yet?
No. We share a stairwell and there have been so many people going up and down at night. I don't want to meet them. \ Sounds scary, I hope they aren't involved in drugs or crime.
I can't believe my kids is in junior high! \ You must so excited, does he play any sports?
she doesn't. She plays clarinet and the ukelele. I was just changing her diaper now she is almost grown \ You must be so proud of her!
I had to stand back when this girl tried to kiss me. \ Why?
I'm already taken, can't be unfaithful. \ Well that's good that yo didnt do it
I won $200 tonight \ Wow this is lucky, how?
In a raffle.  \ Thats cool! Spoil yourself and use it for something fun.
I'm so nervous, have a final exam on Tuesday! \ Do you think you'll do well?
Yes, I have been studying a lot but still worried. I need to get a good grade! \ What class is it?
Just got back from my family camping trip! \ Did you all have a great time?
It was so fun, we even saw a deer. \ I love watching the deer around our area - they are so cute!  I'm glad it sounds like you had a great time.
My mother had to have a medical test the other day and it took forever. \ What did they find out?
All was fine but they should not make people wait like that when it's a serious test. \ I'm glad to hear that, must've been a pain to wait.
I rarely pre-order video games, but recently did for one that comes out in November. \ Which video game did you order?
Fallout 76.  I swear, November can't come fast enough! \ You must be so excited, is it your favorite game?
Just got back from my moms graduating, so proud. \ I would be too!  My mom got her degree recently as well, so I know the feeling.
What did she study? Accounting is what she does. \ She was studying Hospital Administration.  Funny thing though, I'm studying accounting myself right now.
I have been diagnosis wirh cancer. I am very scared. I don't know what to do. \ I'm so sorry to hear that, what kind of cancer?
I have a pancreatic cancer. It is very painful. \ That's awful, are you on chemo?
Just got back from an amazing concert. \ That is nice. Who was the singer?
It was The Weeknd. \ Are you big fan?
I finslly applied to college this year after 10 years of procrastination \ At least you took the steps to do it congratulations.
Yep. I start in two weeks. I hate I waited so long \ As long as it's done and you stay committed I'm not to far from you I start back the 31st of this month as well and I waited 5 years to go back we got this.
Good luck to you ! \ Thank you same to you.
My grandparents have been married for 50 years I hope to be like that one day. \ That is awesome. I never even get a second date A husband may not be in the cards lol
lol you just haven't came across the right person yet. It is incredible I arranged and had them a surprise dinner party it turned out very nice. \ Thats sweet. I bet they enjoyed it
MY neighbors wasted a bag of chips on our stairs \ Oh no!  Did he get a tummy ache?
I don't know. All I know is he didn't even try to pick them p! \ That is just disrespectful!  He should have stayed on his own stairs if he was going to make a mess like that!
My daughter's ballet company is going to perform in Atlanta in a few weeks. \ Cool. I love ballet
They will be performing for the families at the Ronald MacDonald House near Scottish Rite.  I cannot wait! \ Wow! How old is she
I have a book with my daughters drawings in them. \ What does she like to draw?
She is four so they are mostly scribbles lol \ Still cute though, you must be proud.
I am. She is left handed so I think she will be very artistic \ Maybe she will eventually want to study art.
Just got back from the store, ended up winning $100! \ On a scratch ticket?
Yep on a scratch ticket, got 3 apples! \ I never win anything
I got so lucky in this moment. \ You sure did
What should I spend my winnings on? \ Beer and more tickets
The other day I ordered chinese after craving it forever, and it ended up being gross! Ugh.  \ Oh, that is frustrating! I love Chinese food. What did you order?
Me too! I was pretty bummed about it though. I ordered the general tso meal, and krab rangoons.  \ Crab rangoon is one of my favorites. I would be bummed too. I think I know what I am having for dinner tonight.
The other night I went outside to unplug the pool pump and saw a snake. We have poisonous snakes around us so I was a bit worried when I saw it.  \ Omg I would have ran faster than forest gump... what did you do? 
I ran inside and got my husband out of bed. He killed it since we have little kids we didn't want to take a risk that it was poisonous.  \ Im glad no one was hurt! 
Today is my birthday and my friends gave me a surprise party! \ You must be so happy, where was it at?
It was at my house, when I walked in the door this afternoon they all jumped out and yelled "SURPRISE!" \ That's awesome how old are you today?
Didn't mean to break her glass. \ Oh no! What happened? Was she upset?
She wasn't upset because I lied and said my cat did it. \ Smart thinking! Cats are always good scapegoats lol
I wish my kids were still babies. \ How old are they now?
four and five. that's not that old but still lol \ Why do you want them to be babies again?  That sounds like a lot of waking up in the middle of the night.
Now they just question everything and never sit still though. ITs worse lol \ That will pass. Just give it a little time :)
My mom gave me a box of old toys I used when I was a kid. \ Oh the memories
IT was pretty neat. I haven't even thought about most of those in decades. \ What was in there?
A bunch of old toys.  A couple of RC cars. Some silly stuffed animal thing I used to snuggle with... the usual \ What I woluldnt do for my old game boy.
Music back in the day was so much better. \ I agree when I hear music from the older generation I be like now this is some real music. 
I just love listening to old throwback songs, makes me want to dance. \ Way better then this music today I turn the radio off on this wack music today no dancing for me lol.
Here in Florida the traffic and wrecks is bad and always happening.  \ I hate bad traffic, did you get in an accident?
Due to a reckless driver running the red light, but most wrecks I have witnessed come from careless drivers or drivers driving slow in the fast lane and get tail ended I get so irritated I swear.  \ That's the worst, I hate when people are careless.
MY daughter learned toplay the ukelele \ Oh wow! That's great! I always wanted to learn to play.
She learned all by herself too. I am not talented like that \ Oh yeah, that's huge talent right there! I really wish I was like that!
My son passed his driving test yesterday and got his license \ Are you happy?
I'm happy and sad. He studied really hard so I'm proud of him but he's making me feel so old. \ I know that feeling. I still have a few more years.
Haunted houses really give me the creeps. \ I think they are fun to be. Especially, during Halloween, it gives you goosebumps and excitement of the moment
It was crazy, I got so scared. \ Life is short. Fill it with some does of such moments to live and remember when you become old
I still can't understand how my little brother found my car keys and flashed them down the toilet. My sister was supposed to be looking after him \ That's so bad, did you call a plumber?
Plumber can't do anything here. He flushed them down the toilet. Keys are gone. Thankfully, i had extra set of them to get back home \ Thanks always good, poor kid must be sad.
My new neighbors look about 20 or 21 \ How old are they really?
They have to be older/ They have 5 kids. \ Wow yes they do they must be stress free and have good genes to look so young hopefully the kids don't disturb you though lol. 
I get so angry when people stand me up it's so rude. \ I know what you mean
My coworker did this recent we was suppose to have lunch she didn't call or anything.  \ that sucks. have you talked to her?
I am tired of being single \ Did you try online dating?
I think I will but it's a bit overwhelming \ It's difficult but it can be nice to connect.
Can't believe they cut me. \ who cut you?
My hockey team, I worked so hard. \ That sucks. What was the reason?
I was playing the crane machine today and I won a stuffed animal! \ You must be so happy, what animal?
It was a cute little bear with flames on it, I was so excited! \ That's awesome, I have no luck with those.
I got a new dog! \ Really? What kind? Is it a puppy or is it full grown?
it's a small husky puppy! \ Awe huskies are the cutest dogs ever!
The zombie apocalypse will inevitably happen soon. Are you ready for it? \ I'm not prepared.
I have a bunker in my back yard. You'll have to come here when it goes down so you'll be safe. \ I need some food, any suggestions?
I studied so hard for that test and it didnt matter. \ Did you not get a good grade on it?
I got a 50% which isn't good enough to me. \ Well it could be worse. You'll do better next time I'm sure of it.
So proud to see my buddy make the team. \ Tell your buddy I said congrats! What team was it?
It's a high school basketball team! I will. \ Awesome! Maybe a recruiter from a good college will see them play and give them a scholarship!
I was on my first date with a girl last night and I accidentally passed gas during dinner. \ that must've been embarrassing, how did you recover?
I just pretended it didn't happen and hoped that she didn't hear it. It just slipped out and said hello. \ You're so kind she will love that.
Have you ever been to one of those paint parties where you bring your own wine? \ Yes! They are super fun. Have you? 
Yes. I went to one last week. I was surprised at how good all of our paintings turned out. \ I always am as well because I am not an artist by any means. 
The other day my daughter got her 4th DTAP vaccine and she had a bad reaction to it.  \ Oh no! Is everything okay now?
Yes thankfully, but I couldnt even sleep last night. I was so worried. ugh \ I know that's tough. It's scary when your kids go through something like that. It never leaves you when its time to do it all over again.
I'm going out of town next week, I think I have everything ready. \ Did you remember extra underwear and your toothbrush?
Yes LOL  thanks for the reminder! \ Awesome, where are you going?
My husband is so amazing, I could never imagine going astray and cheating on him. \ That sounds like a great relationship! How long have you been together?
8 and a half years but it still feels like we just met yesterday. \ Beautiful! Wish you many many more
Tomorrow I get to go to the water park! \ You must be excited.
I am, I've never been to one before! \ Which park are you going too?
I feel so ready for this exam. \ I think you're gonna do great!
I'm hopeful, it's math and I put in work. \ Math is really hard but I got faith in you. You're gonna make an A+ I know it.
My daghter is such a cool kid. \ Did she recently do something to make you think that, or has she always been that way?
she is just growing up to be such a decent young lady and we have a great relationship \ I have two daughters myself, so I know where you are coming from.
My best friend used to work with me, but after she quit, I have nobody to talk to. \ That sucks. Did she get a better job?
No, her contract expired, so she had to be let go. \ Oh that sucks
Can't believe they denied me. \ Whos that?
My dream school, I worked so hard. \ Can you reapply?
I can't I'm going to need to pick something else. \ Thats no good
What do you suggest? \ Find somewhere else they dont deserve you
MY ex sent me a gift for my birthday \ What did she send you as a gift?
he sent a really nice necklace. I hope he doesnt want to get back together \ I hope not too, you'd be better off keeping it.
It looks expensive too \ Does it fit you nicely?
I just have to brag on my son.  He hasn't always been a strong swimmer, but tonight, after a summer of practice, I was able to see his amazing improvement! \ That is amazing hard work pays off and I think it is great that our kids know how to swim.
I agree.  He was never timid about swimming, but he just wasn't real good.  But tonight, he was diving (more of a belly flop) and swimming on the deep end.   \ How old is he that is great my daughter is 5 I think that will be one of my goals for the remainder of the summer teaching her the basics of swimming without her life jacket. 
Professional settings is suppose to get along and be great but not my place of work staff fight like cats and dogs there.  \ That is awful.  I agree.  A professional setting is supposed to be ... well, professional.  What steps are being taken to correct that?
We have a team building coming up and let's hope this works which I predict it will be some type of good outcome.  \ I agree.  I hope it will be.  Team building, communication, and professionalism will all help a company.  I think this is why so many companies fail.  
I have to give a speech on Thursday. \ Are you prepared?
Yes. But mentally I am never ready to give a speech if im being honest. \ I relate, what is the speech on?
I just got some new bauer skates. \ What kind of skates it that?
A hockey skate! \ O, nice, do you play a lot?
I was at the club last night and drank too much and peed my pants. \ Oh no! What happened after?
I hid in a corner until it was time to go home. It was horrible! \ What a night lol
I had such a nice dinner, I still feel nice and full! \ What did you have?
Lasagna and lots and lots of garlic bread \ Oh man that's my favorite! Did you bring home a doggy bag to eat later?
All of my friends are married now \ Are you married too?
Nope. I am the only single one \ Well you're the smart one, make sure you wait for the right person before you get married!
5 \ huh?
Sorry about that, my kids are fighting over the computer and hit some buttons lol they're driving me crazy! I'm so ready for school to start back! \ Me too. I have one more day
I still have another week, they ask for snack every 5 minutes and they're eating me out of house and home! \ I think you will make it
I hope so, I love them more than life itself but Mama needs a break and the chirren need school! \ I know the feeling
I can't believe she left me. \ I'm sorry to hear that. How long were you together?
2 years. We worked on it. \ Well, hang in there. I know it sucks but eventually the right person will come along
I had to eat dinner alone for a few days this week. My husband had to go on a last minute work trip. \ You must be lonely because of that.
Yeah a little... he'll be back tomorrow morning finally \ Where did he fly off too?
Utah.. random state  \ That is random, where does he work?
everytime before clocking in i look at the schedule , when i see a bunch of fast workers on the list im so happy , like we are getting out early today  \ That's good to have a bunch of people working with you that are fast and good at their job. I bet it makes everyone's job a lot easier.
it sure does , when i see the list and its all the worst employees i always think its gonna be a really long day \ I remember days like that - they always seem to last forever!
I work all day long and my teenager have been home all summer. \ is it gonna feel better , when they finally start going back to school ?
Well, I hope so - but I just wish they would clean up a bit when they are home. \ my little sister is the same way, these new kids my dad would make me go landscaping with him for my back to school clothes
Hi, yesterday, I was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker. \ Thats good news! What did they do to surprise you? 
He is realised a full project on his own and have used all IT best pratices for this project in very short period of time. He is very skilled. \ Amazing, Im happy for you. :) 
Weve been struggling lately, but my wife finally has an interview tomorrow.  \ Why were you struggling?
because we are only on one income and its not enough for our family  \ I understand. It is impossible to live with only one income for family. I am happy she have an interview.
I've a business meeting tomorrow. \ Do you have to make a presentation
Yeah, I'm preparing for it. Hope I'll will do my best. \ Are you nervous?
Last week everyone got raises \ well congrats!! hopefully it  was a good raise for everybody
Well I only received half of the maximum. m not too happy \ that's so sad and why was that?
Mom decided to sell my dog, Im heart broken. \ Oh, no!  I hate to hear that.  What type of dog was she?
She was a husky dog, I don't know what to do now. \ It is so hard when we have to say goodbye to anyone - even to our loyal friends.  Why did you have to get rid of her?
She said we couldn't afford her anymore. \ Well, I just have to say how sorry I am that you had to let he go.  Maybe you can keep visiting her at least. 
In all seriousness, even as an adult, I am scared of the dark.  I think it is from all the scary movies I used to watch as a child.   \ Do you have a night light?
Yes!  A night light, a flash light (in case the night light goes out), a hall light, and a kitchen light for good measure! \ That's such a good idea, did the scary movies ruin you?
This speech has me worried. \ Don't worry, you'll do great! You're very articulate and confident.
Thank you so much but it's going to be hard to talk for 10 minutes. \ I think you got this. Don't stress it.
I'm going to speak on sports! \ There's plenty to talk about with sports, you'll have enough content to fill up ten minutes!
I took my trash out a minute ago in the dark barefoot and wouldn't you know I stepped in dog poop! \ That's brutal, was it a big poop?
Ugh yes and it went all up between my toes and everything. So gross. I tried to wipe it off in the grass but it just made it worse. \ That is gross, did you get a bath or a shower?
I felt so relaxed in montreal. \ Oh is it nice there? I've never been
It was nice with my mother, we went to a game and life felt so nice. \ That sounds lovely
It was, we went out for steak almost every night as well. \ Oh yeah that sounds like a real good time, I love steak!
Have you ever heard of a card game called Hearthstone? I've got a tournament coming up that I feel really ready for! \ I have actually, what rank are you?
I'm in the legend dumpster right now, been experimenting with new decks. \ It's the worst, I like to play some priest.
My husband brought me a rose home from work, I couldn't believe it! \ That was so sweet - were you surprised?
I was, he never does sweet things like that. I cried a little bit. \ Aww - I'm glad he surprised you like that!
All of the people at my office have decided to quit all at once. \ Oh no! Did you quit too?
No, I'm staying put, they've been with me through a lot and have really helped me out. \ Well that's very loyal of you. I'm sure your boss will appreciate it. Maybe you'll get a promotion!
My sister is moving ot of state \ Is she going to start a college? Why is she moving?
She got transferred. We have always lived close to each other \ I am a bit confused. Was it a transfer from work or what?
Guess what. I won the table-tennis competition that was held in college among all students. I received an iPad as a prize \ That's cool. Was it the newest one?
It was the latest edition of iPad family. I am so happy to have it. As I already have one, i was thinking of selling it on Craigslists to get a cash \ Good idea
Another one of my friends got engaged \ It'll happen to you soon, your soulmate is out there somewhere.
I think I'll end p marrying myself lol \ Hey that might be a good idea! Nobody knows what you like better than you!
I ordered pizza for dinner tonight. \ how was it?
Terrible, I mean who forgets to put CHEESE on a pizza?  \ that makes no sense lol
Disney movies were so good in the early 2000s \ I always found them good. Why would you prefer the ones in the early 2000s? 
I just think they were made better back in the day. So much nostalgia. \ I understand. I remind me when I was kid.
There is a gang selling drugs at the corner of my street. I am afraid to walk around. \ Did you call the police?
The police is aware of the situation but they are doing nothing. \ That's awful, I would recommend some posters.
Just got my first dog! \ Awesome! What kind of dog did you get?
A small little husky, her names may. \ Awe how cute! Huskies are some of the funniest dogs! They always have the funniest expressions!
I hope I ace my math test on Monday. \ Are you prepared?
Very! I've had my presentation ready for days already! \ What kind of math is on the test?
It's an oral test, we had to do a presentation about various types of geometry. It was really weird but I think I have it down pat. \ That is weird, I like calculus a lot.
I accidentally crashed my shopping cart into a shelf and lots of stuff went all over the floor. I couldn't believe it. \ Oh no! Did they say anything about it?
No they were so understanding that it was an accident. But I still felt so bad about it \ Well at least you didn't run off after it happened like some would have done.
I have a meeting Monday and I'm gonna do great I think. \ That's great, that means you're prepared
Very! I've had my presentation ready for days now! \ Good luck! not like you'll need it :)
I was on facebook and my memories popped up reminding me that I lost my dog to bone cancer three years ago. \ Oh no, I'm sure that was a hard memory to have brought up for you. 
It was, she was a very special dog. One of the old souls with a heart of gold. I still miss her. \ What was her name? Have you read Rainbow Bridge?
Yes, It is a beautiful poem! Her name was Skyber.  \ What a beautiful name! Hopefully your memories are more happy than sad now.
I was naive with the interest rate on my credit card and have let it get out of control, it is unsettling to me. \ Being in debt is so stressful and I'm sure that just adds to it. 
It does, and the worst of all is I'm scared to tell my partner about it. \ I don't blame you. I have been in that position with a credit card I forgot to pay when we moved and they didn't have the correct forwarding address. Stress on top of stress. :(
I'm so proud of my friend! \ oh why was that? did he/she do anything exceptionally?
He made a hockey team, it was the A team! \ that was really nice!! you must have been chuffed for him!!
My pet shows his love at extreme, whenever I return to home from outside. \ What kind of pet?
it's puppy.  \ How cute, what's his name?
I sold some stuff I didnt need last week. \ did yo make some good money?
Yea, enought to have great weekened anyway. \ I cold use some money like that
I ordered chicken from a new restaurant in town \ Cool, was it any good? What kind?
I was wings. They were still pink near the bone. Never again! \ That's scary, if someone younge ate that and didnt know!
I scored so low on my test. \ that would really make me feel sad , what was the test on
It was an english test, I don't know what to do now. \ just study harder, youll pass eventually i assure you that 
Im not sure if this has happened at a job you have had, but it gets me so annoyed when the boss keeps useless employees around just because they suck up to him \ That's the worst, who's he keeping around?
some guy that hides in the restroom , and does zero productivity  \ No good, any idea what you're gonna do?
This past month, due to my consistent exercising i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass with the help of Whey protein powder. I am so proud for my accomplishment \ That's wonderful! Congratulations! What kind of program did you do?
Per my trainer's instructions, we divided the muscle groups across three days in a week. Each day had two muscle groups to work on. Like biceps with lats \ How long have you been working with a trainer?
I just drove 12 hours back from my parents' house. It wasn't so bad though, because I actually packed everything I needed for once. I was able to minimize the amount of stops I took and cut two hours off of the total time it took! \ Wow, you do really live far from your parents. Do you go to college or work?
I work. We moved far from where they grew up when I was young, and they ended up moving back for retirement.  \ I see. Well, it seems as people get older they want to go back to places which reminds them of past. Nostalgia probably helps them cope with passing life
My best friend moved to Washington this weekend. \ Oh I'm sorry to hear that, is that far from where you live now?
It is, I live in Maine. I'm really gonna miss her. \ Yeah, that really sucks. At least it's easier to keep up with people online these days.
Man I went to Whataburger and they messed up my order \ Doesn't surprise me, they do that to me every single time I go. I'm picky though so my order is always complicated.
Yeah they always mess mine up too. I was really looking forward to it, but onions make me feel sick, ruined my meal.  \ I hate onions too, even if I pick them off I can still taste them on the burger. So gross.
I have a pearl bracelet that I wear on special occasions that I inherited when my grandmother passed away. It always makes me remember her when I wear it. \ I bet it's beautiful! Did she wear it often?
Thank you! They really are. Yes she did, she loved her jewelry. \ You're so lucky to have that to remember her by
I'm gonna be the last of my friends to get married, another one got engaged today. \ Hmm, how do you feel about that? 
I feel like maybe my soulmate got hit by a truck lol \ Lol! Well I'm sure that's not the case! It's cliche for sure but the right person really comes along when you're not expecting it a lot of the time!
I ate the last slice of pizza that my husband was saving. Oops! \ Well you must have really liked that pizza!!
It was soooooo good lol \ haha  good for you, especially taking from husband  and eating his portion it must have been damn good
My best friend is off to London \ Did they move permanently?
Yeah, we bread and buttered together from childhood. I think i am going to miss him a lot. I already fee like losing my soul and being alone \ Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. At least now you have a reason to travel
So excited to get a puppy! \ Oh awesome! What kind of puppy are you getting?
A little husky, she's got blue eyes. \ Huskies are the best breed! They're so derpy and cute!
They have such cute eyes! What is your favorite dog? \ My favorites are huskies and big slobbery St Bernards. They give the best hugs and cuddles.
My brother and I were play fighting today and I accidentally hit him in the nose. \ Did he bust his nose?
Yep and it bled everywhere and he cried for like forever. I felt so bad about it. \ That's no good, sorry to hear that, you didn't mean too though!
im so happy ill be leaving this state , and moving to another one and start all over \ That sounds like a great adventure, where you moving.
to new york , my brother lives there he attends west point  \ That's fun. Ever been there, it's super fun.
I think that my husband and me have so much faith in each other. \ thats awesome to hear, a lot of people cheat on each other frequently and dont care anymore
I know, I cant do that. I think it's very important to be honest in your love life. \ i believe so too , if people are gonna cheat why get married at all
My daughter had the sweetest little hamster. \ Aww, I love hamsters! What kind of a hamster was it?
It was a teddy bear hamster.  One day she went to feed it and it had died, she was crushed. \ That's horrible. Is she doing okay now?
I was pretty bummed to find out that my favorite coworker is transferring to a different department. \ I can see how that would be a downer.  Will you still get to see them?
Once in a while, here and there. \ At least they aren't gone completely, but I can understand how that would affect your day to day work life.
I am so happy I was able to pass my teacher certification test and become an English teacher. \ That's great. Teachers are so important.
It's such a fulfilling job. The test was difficult, but I spent a lot of my free time studying for it. \ I wanted to become a teacher before. I was afraid of how hard it would be.
It's a lot of work, but if you really put in the effort, it becomes much easier. \ Well congratulations! I hope your students appreciate you as much as they should.
My junior year of college starts in August. I am studying criminal justice. \ I would have loved to study criminal justice
I have switched my major three times, but I think I'm sticking with this one. I ready to graduate. \ I hear you. I love true crime, so I think that would be such a fun thing to study
Today I found out my pre baby clothes fit again. All my hard effort working out is paying off \ Well you go girl! I'm super proud of you!
Thanks! I didn't think I'd get here lol \ But you did and look at you now, miss hottie! 
Halloween is coming soon, that means there will be haunted houses! \ How fun! Are you dressing up?
I am, I'm kinda nervous though because I don't want to be TOO scared. \ Yeah some are a little too intense
I was playing a video game with my nephew and it reminded me of my older, carefree days. \ Ah yes, I know what you mean. Nowadays we barely have time to just play games.
Yeah it feels like the pace is too quick to even stop and enjoy like we used to in those days. \ I hate being a grown up, I wish I could go back to the good old days.
There's a serial killer in my neighborhood.  \ Oh wow, that sounds pretty terrifying!
Yes! I am super terrified. They've already found 3 people murdered in the last week! \ Jesus, that's a lot. Keep your doors locked and a chainsaw handy. Hopefully he's caught soon.
My birthday is in less than a week! \ Are you doing anything special for it?
I'm not sure yet but I'm hoping someone will throw me a party. \ You could always throw yourself a party. That way you can invite who you want, and avoid seeing people you don't want. Haha
The other day I was late for work, so when I saw my bus coming, I ran for it. I felt a rip, and when I got on the bus I noticed that my pants had ripped right at the back! \ Oh no! I hope you were wearing clean full coverage underwear that day!
Lol, I was. But that didn't help me much when I walked into work with torn pants. They had to send me home after all that! \ You couldn't tie a sweater around your waist?
I lost 100 lbs recently!  \ wow!! that was really good congrats!! your hard work paid off
Thank you! I'm just now starting to be able to wear more form fitting clothes. I was afraid to for so long. \ am pleased for you
I topped my university exam!! \ Yay! I knew you could do it!
All thanks to my Lecturer's without their help i wouldn't have made it!! \ Yep, good lecturers always help when you're learning.
My wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws.  I have to work so I couldn't go with them.  I feel so alone now!   \ Oh no! Two weeks is a bit long. Works sucks sometimes, huh?
Absolutely.  With three children, the house is always bustling.  It's so quiet right now.   \ Make sure to keep in touch!
We had a trip planned to the beach today but sadly it was storming all day and had to cancel \ Weather can really be fickle.  Did you have a back-up plan?
Not really. Just grabbed some pizza and spent some time in watching movies. \ That's not a bad way to spend your day.  That can be just as fun if you get the right kind of movies.  
I prequalified for a mortgage last week online. The bank I applied with has called me 3 times a day ever since. I'm getting pretty frustrated. \ i would be really annoyed myself, why so many frequent calls ?
I'm not sure. This is my first time shopping for a mortgage, so I'm not sure if it's normal or not. \ i know ever since i purchased a new car, i know for a fact i did not read the fine print but insurance companys call me almost every day multiple times a day , its really annoying 
we have limited space on our store so all the heavy furniture is up in the walls , one day i took the heaviest one down i was so proud of myself \ That's impressive!
the customer did not even buy it after all , lol and back up in the wall it went  \ That's still an impressive accomplishment! If they didn't buy it, that just means you get to take it down by yourself again!
I just rode the biggest and scariest roller coaster at Six Flags today. \ Oh really? Was it pretty exciting then?
It was so intense! I'm still shaking lol \ That sounds like fun. I think you definitely got your money's worth.
I saw on the news where someone escaped from the local jail and is still on the loose. \ Oh no! Is it close to your house?
Yes, it's about 10 miles or so away from my neighborhood, so it has be a bit freaked out. \ Well make sure you stay inside and lock your doors and windows and don't answer your door!
I finally got promoted today at work! \ Congrats! That's great!
Thank you! I've been trying to get it for a while now! \ That is quite an accomplishment and you should be proud!
My kids have been gone for a week on vacation with my parents. They are going to be gone for another week. \ Are you happy or sad about it? I mean on one hand you have all that time to yourself but at the same time I'm sure you miss them.
It has been too long and I miss them too much now. It is way too quiet around here. \ I know what you mean, I feel that way every time my kids go to their grandparents house too.
A blue 67 mustang drove by earlier and it reminded me of the one my dad had when I was a kid. \ That sounds like a classic car. Did you used to ride in it with your dad a lot?
I did, we worked on it a lot and took it street racing on the weekends. We had to hide it from my mother lol \ Haha that's awesome! Sounds like you had a fun time with it!
I'm super mad at people around my apartment complex. They keep tossing their used cigarettes all over the sidewalk.  \ Ugh they do that at my apartment too. You should put a can outside with a big sign that says "THROW YOUR NASTY BUTTS HERE"
That's a good idea. It's crazy that we'd have to do something like that though. Just disgusting. \ I know, it's like it's not that hard to just put them in an ash tray or put it out and throw it in a trash can.
I spilled coffee all over my brand new laptop yesterday \ Oh no! Was it damaged?
Luckilly I dried it up pretty quickly. so there was no serious damage.  \ That's such a relief! Did it clean up easily?
I watched Wimbledon for the first time last summer. Those tennis players are SO GOOD! \ I know right! my parents love tennis, so I grw up watching it.
I had played a little bit growing up, but never watched it professionally.  \ were you ever any good at it?
My friend ended up in the hospital after an accident a few weeks ago, there was a period of time they didn't know if he'd make it. \ Oh no, what a sad and scary situation. How are they now?
He is okay now, just dealing with a head injury and some broken bones. But yes, it was very scary. I didn't sleep for days. \ I can't imagine how hard that must have been. I'm glad he is doing better!
I was in a back room in our house and everyone else was asleep. I heard a weird crinkling noise and was worried that someone had come in the house.  \ Oh my goodness, did you go to check what the noise was?
I did, it turned out to be my cat playing with a play mat the kids left out.  \ I'm glad it wasn't anything serious! It's scary how quick our mind goes to the worst possible scenarios.
My mom went back to school at 63 and recently got her bachelor's in computer science! \ Wow That's amazing. You must be very proud of her.  I think coding, etc, seems very hard.
Yea. I mean I can't even code. And there goes my mom who didn't even know a browser was, now coding! \ Very inspirational story. They make good money too.
I finally finished my Phlebotomy class . It was an hour's drive one way, but thankfully it's over and a hospital nearby is hiring I heard. Whew! \ That's amazing! How do you anticipate dealing with people who are afraid of needles?
I would probably tell them to look the other way and that it really isn't very painful.  \ That's good thinking. I hope you won't get too many who are afraid!
My can ran away last week. \ Did you mean cat?
Yes, I'm sorry. I'm just so upset I can barely see to type. I'm beginning to think he isn't coming back. \ Well sometimes cats like to roam around. I hope he comes back soon. I love cats
My husband got me a new laptop! I was so shocked and happy \ Wow! Congrats! I know you were happy about that!
Yes my old one was pretty much dead \ Did he get you the one you wanted?
My dog died lost week. I am inconsolable now \ That is spo terrible, my dpg died when I was really young, and just have never really had a dog since,
I think i won't be able to able get over him. I feel like already lost my soul \ Thats how I felt I cried for days, it still doesnt seem real.
My computer is never doing what I tell it too, its so complicated. \ You must use it a lot. You will understand it soon
I do use it everyday, I guess I just need more practice. \ yeah you will do it for sure. i know it
I couldnt believe it i looked everywhere and my laptop was nowhere to be found. \ i would be mad, since i just it to make money online 
exactly, a laptop is such a great tool, I cant live without it. \ me too, i use it for work , to relax and play games or watch movies on it 
every time i leave my room and see that my nieces have been on my devices like my phone or lab top it gets a little upset, as they change all my settings and close all my tabs \ wow, thats would be very annoying, like someone just rummaging around your room.
exactly i tell my brother , he says but they are just little girls ... like yeah there little but teach them not to touch things that are not theres  \ Yeah but kids dont care, Everything is theirs to them,
