She told me that we were gonna have a pop quiz in physics that day and we did so I was more prepared for it because of what she said. \ She must really be a good friend, how are you repaying here?
I watched a stray dog yesterday that had a lot of tick, I felt bad for her. \ Aw that's so sad! Did you help it?
I didn't, I don't know why, maybe because I hate ticks. \ I guess that's fair, but I probably would've taken it to the vet.
i really hope the job i applied for picks me \ Is it a type of work you've been wanting to get into for a while?
its an engineering job but its mainly so i have income \ Wow, engineering, sounds impressive.  I'm sure the income will be awesome.
I got my four year old daughter her first tricycle yesterday. \ thats so sweet of you
She was having such a blast she went downhill and toppled over.  She took it like a champ but I was scared. \ oh yea i can imagine glad shes fine
I spent a long day planting the garden. At the end of it all I was happy with what I had accomplished and felt good about myself. \ That sounds great! What are you growing?
A variety of vegetables and herbs. I can't wait for the finished product. \ That sounds delicious and healthy also.
I often think back about my younger years. \ It's nice to be able to look back. It can really give you perspective on your life now.
I agree. I think all choices help make you the person you are today. \ That is so true. After all we can't change the past only learn from it.
I did so much practice running in preparation for my 50 metre sprint race at my school! \ Wow. Do you expect to win?
I do! I am so motivated to win and I believe I am one of the fastest at my school. \ That is nice. Good luck.
Yesterday, someone took the bus without paying. It made me angry. \ Why would they do such a thing?
Some person doen't want to pay for anything. \ That is so bad, the police should be called for that.
i cut someone off in traffic the other day and it felt bad \ I understand.
ya but still feel bad for doing it \ Those kind of thing happened from time to time.
Yesterday, I was caught taking the bus without paying. I felt so bad. \ oh yea i know the feeling
I had to pay a fine. Everyone was watching me. I had a feeling of guilt and shame. \ oof thats harsh i feel for you
For some reason I never liked cloudy weather. \ Me neither. It's why I hate living in London
Oh I don't know how you guys do it, you must have artificial sun at home? \ Nope. We just remain miserable year round
I feel nostalgic when playing old school games with my bro \ Nice, me too, are you playing Nintendo games?
Yes and also Sega Genesis. We play these on the xbox one though via emulation \ I remember these game well, like Contra and Battle Toads. 
Trump behavior make me so angry. Even with the queen of England, I had an unacceptable behavior. \ yea its insane that hes a political figure
His behavior with women is even worst. \ yea and immigarants
My cat vomited on my shoes today and i almost puked \ That is disgusting, What did you do to clean it?
i used some clorox and a wipe \ Did the smell went away?
My sister gave me some advise during a very difficult situation. I was so glad that she was there when I needed her. \ Family members are awesome, what was the situation? 
What is more important than what happened is that you are right in your assessment. She is awesome and I am thankful for her.  \ I am glad everything turned out alright!
I was so scared of going onto the train! \ Was it your first time riding on one? Is there something in particular that makes you afraid?
No but I hate going in objects that travel fast, I really did not want to go on it. \ Was it your only choice to get where you were going?
When I first met my nephew as a baby, I was awe-struck \ aww he must be adorable.
He was and still is. He has gotten to be kind of wild though haha. \ hahah how old is he?!
so I'm buying my first home, and I'm worried about all the expenses that might happen besides the mortgage. \ Oh, that is exciting. How big is your house?
It's a small 3 bedroom home, 1 level. It's just me and my elderly mom. \ Oh, that sounds nice. What's your occupation?
My girlfriend got me a Playstation 4 for my birthday. I was not expecting it at all. \ I bet you are happy as never before.
I am very happy that we can game together now. \ You are lucky that your girlfriend is a gamer.
I was listening to a guitar play the other day, and it made me cry a little. \ Music can be so touching to the soul.
Yes, especially when you don't expect it to be. \ Who was the artist of the song?
I am going to get us a new car! \ Great, what make are getting?
I'm not sure yet. Maybe a Toyota \ Toyota is reliable, are getting an SUV?
I had to get some incense few days ago, because my room smelled bad. \ I like incense. Did you find the cause of the bad odor?
Yes, it some plumbing problems.  \ Oh well I hope you can fix it soon
I introduced my oldest daughter to the movie Fight Club the other day. \ Interesting choice. Did she like it?
She loved it.  She's 17, I was 18 when it came out and I would watch it all the time with my friends back then. \ That's good to have something in common. Make the memories.
My daughters helped out when my Mom was sick without me having to ask. It made me feel really good \ Good for them for taking the initiative and helping the family.
That's the part that I was so impressed with.  \ You must of done something right in raising them. 
I realized a while ago, that it is good if you are not afraid of fear. \ What made you realize that? You can't live in fear
Yes, but if you don't run away from it, there wont be any fear. \ It's good to face your fears
I can't seem to feel happy but I'm not depressed \ So what is the problem exactly?
I just feel kinda stuck in life \ Try doing something you never did before.
esterday, an old lady had a purse fall from her bag. I took it. I feel so bad. \ Why would you do such a thing?!
I wanted the money because I don't work. \ That is unacceptable, find a job!
I had pizza at a restaurant a couple days ago and found a hair on my pizza! \ It is disgusting. What did you do?
I told the waited and demanded a refund! It was gross. \ You did good. You should have called the manager to tell him know.
I had some thought come into my mind, and they turned me red. \ Oh was it a bad or naughty thought?
It was a crazy though actually, but thank god I didn't act on it. \ What was it? Was it really that crazy?
I am finally comfortable with my life and I couldn't be happier. \ That's great. What made you feel that.
I am making enough money to not have to worry about bills. \ That's a great feeling, I don't like having any kind of bill anyway.
I studied super hard for a test and was sure i would pass \ Did you got the grade?
yea i did great it was awesome \ That is nice. Congratulation.
I did a prank to someone but I didn't know that he have heart issues. He had a heart attack. I feel so bad about it. \ thats horrible
He is fine now but it was a terrible experience. \ oh thats nice
I finally got a new bike! I've been wanting one for so long! \ There are so many bike trails available now. You are going to have a lot of fun.
I hope so, my new bike has so many gears. Such an upgrade from my last one! I can't wait to take it out. \ I'm glad you were able to get one that you are going to enjoy so much.
Pretty soon I'll be taking over my parents mortgage.  Homeownership is on the horizon. \ That's a big step. I hope it works out for you.
A huge step. But I'm done with renting and I have a lot of renovating plans in the works. \ I like renovation projects. And yes, renting is a waste of money
I'm the only one who cares about paying bills. It's very frustrating \ I feel you, I'm in the same boat.  Are you in a two income household?
Unfortunately no. It's very hard on me because I have to be disciplined with spending. Makes life very boring \ Yep, money spent on bills and food, with little left for fun.  My wife has the same complaint. 
We grew up fighting a lot with my sibling, but I still love them. \ I think that happen in a lot of families.
Yes, you are right, but we still need to forgive. \ I understand. You were the only one getting hit?
There is something wrong with my sister in law.  She refuses to take her kids to the doctor for checkups or even when they are sick. \ Wow that's pretty bad parenting.
That's what my husband and I think.  I mean even when they were babies and would run 103 fever, she wouldn't take them.  I just do not understand that at all - they are both grown now but she's pretty uninvolved with either of them. \ Is it for religious reasons
I wish I didn't cheat on my now ex-gf \ Hindsight and all that - do you miss her?
Yes a lot.  I've accepted it but it's hard letting go \ Perhaps she may forgive you?  It's always worth a try, sometimes you just need some time and some growth before you can revisit mistakes that have happened.
So the other day I had a crazy long day and got home to find all of my chocolate was gone!  \ Oh my gosh! I would have been so upset! Nothing is better than chocolates on a bad day.
I know right! ..., but atleast I had some amaretto in the fridge.. lol  \ That's definitely better than nothing. I hope your days have been better since!
My daughter, Brooklyn, has finally overcame her fear of water and learned to swim! It makes me so happy to see her loving the water. \ Thats so special! What a beautiful moment.. How old is she? 
She is 4. She normally is completely fearless, compared to my son who is afraid of everything. Haha! So I love that she has worked so hard to overcome this. \ My daughter is 1.5 years old - shes just been introduced to the water.. its always so special when our babies have their "first" moments. Congrats mama! 
I have a beautiful gray cat named Stormy.  Unfortunately she's contracted feline AIDS. \ Oh no, that sounds horrible
Yep, she's pretty far gone now.  I now have to consider putting her down. \ I am sorry, that is a sad thing to go through
Got a pizza last night. It gave me food poison. Now I'm stilling here sick and angry. \ Oh gosh, I am sorry. Did you let the pizza place know? 
Yes, I called and they laughed at me. Told me it was the new pizza buy and that he must have used old cheese or something.  \ Wow! In that instance, I would prefer them to lie to me than to laugh and be like I knowingly fed you bad food. 
I had studied for an exam for several days, so I was confident when I strolled into class because I knew I would ace it \ and did you knock it out of the park? 
Uh, I made a B on it,  so it was a false sense of confidence, lol \ Perhaps be less cocky next time? Either way B's get degree's. 
I just got an assigment.  I was doing well on it but rushed through the very end.  Now I'm not sure I'll be paid. \ Why would you not get paid?
I can no longer prove I did the assignment.  Computer work is for the birds sometimes. \ I can imagine it is
I found an old picture in a box of my Great Grandparents. \ Oh my, did it make you emotional?
Not visibly.  It was a picture from their wedding day and it brought a smile to my face to see them so young. \ Aw hopefully you never lose that picture!
When my son was 5 years old, he had to have his tonsils taken out. I thought it would be nothing, but when they went to take him back, I got so anxious.  \ Was he okay? I've never heard of that going wrong.
Yeah, he was fine, but I had read a few horror stories online. I knew I shouldn't, but I did.  \ That's where you went wrong lol. I'm glad he was fine. I would've been scared if it were one of my kids too. Surgery is still surgery.
I have fun plans this weekend over a friends house. \ What are your plans?
My friend is having a drink and paint party. I've only been to one before but it was pretty fun. I can't wait. \ Wow, that sounds like a fun and interesting time, but it sounds like there are a high chance for things to go south and be a huge mess
Just injured my ankle. Now I can't work \ Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. How deid it happen?
Slipped on a wet floor while hurrying to get to a patient. There was no sign. \ Are you going to sue? You could get a whole new leg!
I am trying my best to go on a diet. It's not going well. \ How much would you like to lose?
20 pounds. I always eat just because I have food. Maybe if I bought less food, it would be easier.  \ Sounds like a plan! You can also try to see if there is less calorie version of foods you like.
I got a letter from my parents this past Friday with a wonderul surprise in it. \ Oh what was the surprise?! 
Just a little spending cash.  Nothing outrageous, but enough to take the wife out and have a good time with. \ You should go on a little date if you can. or to the movies!
Last night I was walking home from work in a bad part of town, I was a bit scared. \ You should have taken a Uber. You never know what will happen these days.
I agree. It was a bit foolish on my part and I don't want to risk myself nor be worried again. Thanks for the advice. \ No problem. Its also worth carrying a taser or pepper spray.
When I was 19 I stole money from a good friend in order to buy some food.  He asked me about it and I denied knowing anything. \ did you pay him back?
No, I was going to but he said if he every found out I stole it, it wouldn't matter if I paid it back.  So I kept silent, its been 17 years now. \ thats good thetn
I was one percent off from passing my math test, I was devastated. \ Oh my, so close! But you can try better next time.
I agree, I should of studied harder too. Practice makes perfect! \ Yes and theres no point mulling over it! 
 i was pissed when the gate was left open and our dog got out \ Oh no. Did it run off or stay close by?
he ended up a few streets away \ Hopefully he didn't get hurt. It might be time to put a lock on the gate.
When I was a child I nearly drowned in a swimming pool. I was so scared. \ who saved you?
My sister thought I was playing around but when she realized I was really in trouble she grabbed me. \ well that was observant of her.. sometimes people dont even notice 
I'm finding it super hard to move on from my last relationship. \ I know how that can be such a struggle.  How long has it been and why did it end?
Thanks.  I messed it up by cheating on her.  It's been 5 months \ Everyone makes mistakes, we live and learn I guess.  If there is no hope of her taking you back, then you have to find a way to move forward, but take the time you need to grieve as it is a loss.
My husband just finished taking all 4 parts of the CPA exam.  It took him almost a year to complete as he'd study for one part, take that part, then start studying for the next part. \ Nice! Does he feel pretty confident about it
Well, he said that he didn't.  But we found out a few weeks ago that he's passed all four parts so now he's a CPA! \ Awesome! Glad it worked out for him
My friends have prepared for me a surprise birthday party at a friend home. It was unexpected. \ I bet you were happy
I was very surprised and happy. It is very nice from them. \ That is always nice
I saw a movie last night that made me think of old times. When I was a kid \ What was the name of the movie?
It was the outlaw josey wales \ I know this movie but it seems a nice movie. What did it reminded you from your childhood?
it was so embarasing to do that \ What did you do
picked them up quick \ I am not sure what you picked up
I was content going on vacation last weekend. It was very calming \ wow that's nice 
It was very nice \ yeah i can  imagine
Last night I was minding my own business walking down a street in a not so good area of town when someone started to chase me! \ wow thats crazy.. what ended up happening!
I managed to get away after a few smart quick turns, but I was shaking and in fear at the end of the chase. It was wild. \ wow thats good
I am hoping to win the lottery this week \ I wish you luck in that, the chances of winning the lottery are super slim!
as long as i have a chance! \ Never give up hope. I like your thinking.
So I am really looking forward to the new Avengers movie. \ I am too, it looks good
Yep I am excite after watching all the trailers and interviews!  \ That has been fun
I was shocked in a good way when my aunt got me a laptop. It was for school \ That is very nice of your aunt. What kind of laptop was it?
It was a dell \ I have dells are really reliable! 
I went to a restaurant and I found a hair in my pizza. I almost threw up. \ thats gross
I called the waitress and the manager for a fund and left the restaurant. I am not going back there anymore. \ yea i wouldnt either
I am thankful i got that job last week \ That is very nice. In which industry did you get your job?
probation \ I didn't understand you.
I was looking through old stuff in my basement and found my old baseball cards! Finding those was like being a kid all over again! \ aww.. that must have been a sweet nostaligia. did you had a collection of those?
I used to collect so many when I was younger, it was such an awesome feeling to see them again! \ I feel happy for ya! I used to collect cards myself, i still have them
I was feeling so optimistic about getting a new job at Houston a while back \ That is great! Did you manage to land the job?
Yeah actually, i am still working on it. So much fun! \ I'm glad to hear that! As long as you keep working hard and trying your best you can do it! 
I was really pissed off when my brother ran my new car into a tree last month \ ooh my God he hurt himself
Thankfully he did not. The tree was uprooted and the car really got damaged as well. \ so bad i can imagine that loose he made to you
are confident in what you do \ i believe i am
that's good confident works miracles \ Rightly said! It always comes in handy!
I helped a friend move his grandparent out of their house the other day. They were apparently full blown hoarders. I was appalled at the condition of the house and its contents! \ oh wow i couldnt even imagine
It was so gross!  The smell was unbelievable! \ yuk
I was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day \ I hope you were no too upset.  The odd of winning are super low!
all i need is a chance and im good with that \ That is a good outlook to have.  A little chance is better than no chance!
I was terrified when i watched the new conjuring movie! \ how was it ?
It was really scary! \ wow i can only imagine
I was happy to see lebron leave the cavs for the lakers \ Aw really? He is a great player anyways
yea  \ Hopefully he continues his streak at LA as well
I trust the current Canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with Trump. They will stand firm. \ Hopefully so, he is not making it easy for them or anyone!
Yes, it is true. He is started tax war with every country. \ Apparently everyone is our enemy now, how sad!
I was so much in awe when i saw Hamilton! \ Are you talking about the city or a person?
Neither, i am talking about the broadway show :D \ I didn't know this broadway show but it seems nice.
Have you ever been a victim of a home break in? \ Yes I have actually. It was scary.
Our home was broken into 2 months after we purchased it. Luckily, we were not home at the time.  \ Im so sorry to hear that. I was watching a house for a familty member and they're safe was stolen.
I cant wait to go to the beach.Its time to be sure I am all packed". \ I love the beach, the gulf is my favorite!
I have never been but all up and down east coast  \ The Atlantic is not so bad!
i was crushed when i wasnt able to leave work the other day \ Aww, what happened? You missed something emergency?
nah i had tickets to a game i wanted to go to \ So sorry to hear that man.. i hope you get to go very soon
I would like to believe our country would come together sooner or later \ thats a good thought to have
Yeah, i mean.. We are all the children of the same nation.. time to stop the fight. \ i totally agree with that
My wife and I just put in a bid for a new house last weekend. I pray we get our offer accepted! \ How hopeful.. I will make sure to pray for you guys. best wishes
I know!  Thanks!  We really want this home!  It would be perfect for us. \ I really hope you guys get it
I went to the beach other day.. such an awesome feeling standing there \ Yeah, I love going to the beach as well! You must have felt so happy there in that moment!
I most certainly did.. There is something about looking at the calm and glory of the ocean. \ I feel happy and content just sitting here listening to you describe the experience.
I felt so bad about cheating on my science exam, it was terrible \ oooh no that's awful 
I know, I am disgusted at myself for doing it. I just wanted to pass. \ ok but did you pass the test
are afraid to see strange cars at your yard \ What don't you like about the cars?
i usually think they are for kidnappers \ That could be possible, make sure you watch out during the night time!
i went in knowing i was going to do great on that test \ Thats a good attitude to have. Did you do well?
i got a 99! \ Awesome! So happy for you my friend
My granny walked in on me and my girlfriend the other day \ oh nice
It was really awkward though.. i mean,what do you do at that moment! \ wait til she leaves and continue
I often am gone from my home and family for days or even weeks at a time.  I work on remote locations, looking for oil and gas. \ Sounds like an interesting job.  I'm sure it's taxing on the family though.
It is difficult feeling isolated.  I miss them a lot. \ In the end is the trade off worth it?
I'm taking my wife out this coming weekend to dance. \ That sound amazing.  Dancing is very bonding.
We haven't been able to go out in quite a long time.  Family and life stuff just gets in the way sometimes. \ Well, a night out dancing will go a long way towards reconnecting with the love of your life.  I am happy for you!
My dog passed away couple months back.. i was heartbroken \ im sorry to hear that.. what happened?
She got run by a truck.. I felt guilty and blue \ oh.. wow.. sorry that it happened.
it upset me when i couldnt leave work on time \ Aww, did you miss your plans?
yea.. had to cancel \ Sorry to hear that my friend.. hopefully it works out better next time
I saw robert downey jr the other day.. such an awesome experience \ I am so jealous. He is one of my all time favorite actors. 
He is so charming and electrifying in person as well.. such a nice guy \ Were you star struck?
I don't like dancing in public.One time I did and at the end of the dance the stranger I was dancing with asked me to let him lead next time. \ I would have to loved to see that btw! Do you dance with friends or alone?
I'm good alone. I just don't like people watching me. \ I can understand that. You are more passionate than others
I always get sad thinking about my dad. \ Oh sorry, did he pass away?
Yeah.. he did. He had cancer. \ Oh my god.. my hearty condolences. 
So get this, my friend once threw up on me after getting drunk \ Oh no.. what did you do?
i was grossed out! i rushed off there immediately \ I would have done the same as well
I went to the beach other day \ That is really cool . Did you have a good time?
I sure did! the ocean and the breeze gives me such a sense of joy and calm \ It feels so good just to hear you say that
My phone company was billing me for stuff i did not use \ Oh no.. I'm sure you did not feel great when you found out
I was extremely irritated actually \ I would be too. Hopefully that gets resolved soon
I was so happy that i got to see Hamilton the other day \ Oh wow, the broadway show?
Yeah, the same. Lin Manuel is a genius to say the least! \ Oh yea, he is too good at what he does. I heart stunning review for the show as well
I felt really good about myself when i stepped in for my interview last week \ That is exactly the way you are supposed to feel. Did you get the job?
Yeah, i got it! \ Good for you! Congrats buddy
My grandmother passed away about 10 years ago.  I really miss her, she pretty much was the only female influence I had growing up. \ Sorry to hear that.  My grandmother is all I have left. Grandpa passed 1 month ago
My grandpa passed a few years after she did.  They'd been married for 70+years.  Neither of them were able to get to know my daughters very much at all. \ How old are your daughters
One time I was outside a bar and got my butt kicked by 3 guys in a streetfight.  I held my own pretty well until they got me with a couple of beer bottles to the face.  I never went down.  So I'm positive I can handle anyone who tries acting tough around me \ Wow - were you nervous or scared at all?  Did the police get involved?
I didn't have time to be scared lmao it happend so fast I just reacted...police got there when half my shirt was soaked in blood haha \ Oh no!  Did you have to go to the hospital to get stitches or anything like that?
My neighbor has a much better car than me and I wish I had it. \ Try not to be too envious!  What kind of car is it that you want so bad?
It is a Mazda RX8 and it is one of my favorite cars. \ I guess you can just start trying to save for it.  Don't be jealous or it will eat you up inside!
When I go to the mall to buy clothes, I always feel so envious of others who are buying expensive items. I wish I could afford those things! \ I understand how you feel. I wonder how those people afford it.
They must have amazing jobs.  I just hate how it makes me feel to want it so bad. \ I'm sure if you work hard you could afford it too.
I just got a new job at the local firm \ oh yea congrats.. what will you be doing
I will be handling the sales section of the firm. So excited about the future \ that sounds like a good career
i was upset when i couldnt go home on time \ oh no.. what happened?
too much work and i wasnt allowed to leave \ Sorry to hear that my friend. I hope things work out for you at work soon enough
I went to visit my family the other day \ how did it turn out
It was such a joyful experience. They always warm my heart \ oh congrats on that.. always nice to see family 
i hope i win the lottery this week! \ Oh that would be awesome! How much is the lottery for?
about trey fitty \ I really hope you get it buddy
i was not happy when i couldnt leave work on time \ Sorry to hear that.. Did you miss something important?
yea i had tickets to a game.. oh well  \ Oh shoot.. I wish you get to go soon enough buddy
A dog chased me through a street the other day \ did he catch you?
No i somehow managed to escape.. it was so scary \ wow thats good
I feel so caring of my little sister \ thats good
Yeah.. I always look out for her no matter what the problem is \ as you should
i was happy when i won the lottery! \ oh cool buddy.. how much did you win?
i cant disclose that  \ Alright, anyways good for you!
I recently found out that my old long lost friend works at my new firm \ thats really cool. How did he react?
It is a girl actually, and she was really surprised as well. \ This is such an awesome coincidence buddy
I was really nervous when i went to meet my girl's parents \ I feel you, it would be really scary. How did it turn out?
It turned out well actually, we had a nice time \ so happy for you!
I was so afraid when i was watching the new conjuring movie \ Oh yeah, i hear that it is really scary
It was. And i went at night, alone. Was such a bad idea \ Oh no.. But it gave you such a memorable experience as well, right?
A dog chased me through our street last night \ Damn! was it a stray dog?
I think so.. it looked like that. I was shivering when i finally managed to escape \ Dear god.. I hope you are alright my friend!
The UFC fights last night were intense!  Did you watch? \ No, I missed it, but I do usually watch UFC fights!  Were there quick knock outs?
DJ lost to Hundley and TJ knocked Gilbrandt out. \ Knock outs are the best!  When was UFC established?  I feel like it was been around for a while!
I am so mad! I took my car in to the dealership for an oil change and find out I need new brakes! They want to charge me $800 for just the rear brakes! \ That is insane.  You might want to take it elsewhere.
I would like to, but I have a hard time trusting non-dealership mechanics because I have been burned in the past.  It just drives me insane how much everyone charges! \ The prices have risen alot with all the technology and electrical components.
I really envy people who can sing \ Oh really? I believe you wanted to be a singer yourself huh?
Yeah.. i did. i never got the chance to pursue that \ Well, it is never too late my friend.. pursue your dreams :)
I was so angry when our mail service lost a job invitation for me \ Oh so sorry to hear that.. what did you do?
I lodged a compliant. But a missed chance is missed itself \ I hear you.. dont worry, things will be ok soon enough
I can't get my house to cool down.  I think the a/c is going out  \ Oh no. I can't imagine not having AC in this heat.
Yeah its supposed to be a scorcher today too \ I hope you can get it fixed easily. I know they are not cheap to replace.
A few weeks ago I got in my first real car accident. \ I am sorry to hear that.  You weren't hurt were you?
I'm mostly okay. Just a little whiplash. I've never been in more than a fender bender before, so it was not a fun experience. \ Were you at fault?
I am looking forward to going on vacation in a few weeks! We have a condo reserved on the beach, with fantastic ocean views. I'm ready! \ Ah, that sounds fantastic! Which ocean will you be enjoying?
Well, we are staying at Panama City Beach, so we're right there at the Gulf of Mexico. \ Sounds awesome! Do you have a beachside beverage or traditions that you enjoy? (Mine would be tequila + lime...very Jimmy Buffett ;-))
I am definitely a proud parent of our 15 year old -- she was determined to work this summer, and even with us saying no one would hire her until 16 -- she found a job! \ Well, that's impressive! I can see why you are proud. Sounds like a hard working young lady!
That, and she's enjoying the independence of having her own money. Remember that? Making money that you truly could use for your *pleasure* (and not just necessities ?! ;-)) \ Yes, I was the same way too! I started working two days after I turned 16 so I could have my own money too!
I had to leave the house for a bit, before I left I gave my kids instructions on what I wanted them to do around the house. \ Did they follow your instructions, or did they do their own thing?
I figured they would just goof off.  However; when I returned all chores were comples.  I was pretty impressed. \ Wow!  I didn't expect that answer from you!  That must have been a great surprise!
My wife and I have been quite scared lately. There has been a rash of burglaries and robberies in our neighborhood lately and some have involved violence against the home owners! \ Good reason to be scared.  What steps are you both taking to increase security?
We have an alarm system with cameras and I also have a gun for self defense.  I have to protect my wife and daughter! \ A good sound plan.  You're right it is a father's responsibility to protect his family.
i found a bunch of dead mice the other day \ Oh god.. thats so gross
it was! i felt sick seeing that \ I would have thrown up right then and there
I always get a sense of pride watching my children \ aww.. that is so sweet.. i bet every parent feel that way
true. i feel like they are my parents who were born as my kids \ oh no.. i feel sorry for you buddyt
Great day at the pool yesterday up until the point my shorts came off. \ I found a bunch of dead mice few days ago
Getting out of the pool, my shorts slipped off. \ Haha.. thats a really funny story!
how sweet. bless you! \ i was beet red when I realized what had happened.
5 \ Thank you, your so kind
My Mother came into town unannounced.  She hardly ever does that. \ Is she staying with you ? 
No.  Thankfully it was just a visit.  She took us all to dinner, it was nice. \ Sounds like everything went better than expected.
I'm drinking a great cup of coffee and I don't have any major plans for the day other than relaxing. \ That sounds like a nice plan.  Do you often get the chance to take days off?
I'm normally off on the weekends. So its not a big deal. \ I've been thinking of forcing myself to take time off.  We all need a break from time to time.
I went to see the new conjuring movie in the theater.. it was such a terrifying experience \ Oh wow. is it really as scary as the reviews say it is?
that and much more! Especially if you choose to go and watch it alone at night \ Damn, sounds like such a stunning experience
i was so furious when i found out that my best friend and girl friend had made out \ Oh dear me.. So sorry to hear that! what did you do?
I have not confronted them. I am still thinking over it. \ I really hope things work out for you my friend
Great UFC fights last night.  An even better night because I was hanging out with friends \ Friends and UFC sounds like a great night!  I missed the fight.  Were there any good knock outs?
Oh yeah!  TJ Dillishaw knocked out Corey in first round again!! \ Awesome!  Was that who you were hoping would win?
I am really praying that I get a promotion at work! I need the extra money and my boss knows I want it badly! \ I hope you get it too!  Best of luck!  We all could use extra money in the pocket!
Yeah, it is really important to me.  I am crossing my fingers! \ When will you find out?
A big brown roach crawled across the floor in my direction last night. \ Disgusting. Was it the flying variety?
Yes, but this one didn't fly.  He just decided to go under the chair I was sitting in. \ Gross.  We have those here too.  Typically you only see them during the summer.
I have a date tonight. \ Sounds promising.  Are you coming out of long dry spell?
Not super long... ~3 months. \ That's pretty short.  I went 7 years.  Decided the next girl I met I'd marry, we just celebrated 13 years toghether.
I have been feeling so pleasant and happy lately. Things in my life have just been going perfectly.  \ Holy cow that's awesome for you!  How are you feeling today?
I feel good!  I don't really feel stressed and just fell a general sense of well being. \ That's amazing.  Did something happen recently that made you happy?
I have a vacation coming up :) \ Awesome!  You must be excited!  Where are you going?
We're going to panama city florida.  We're taking my 3yo nephew for the first time.  I hope he has fun! \ I am sure he will!  Florida is a great place to visit!
My bills and mortgage payment is coming up soon.  I not sure if I can cover them all. \ good for you! that is how it is supposed to be
I am working hard to make sure I can cover them.  Hope fully this month of work is better than last month. \ I wish you the very best on that my friend
I was so grossed out when a friend threw up on me \ I can image, that's pretty disgusting.  What your friend sick or drunk?
he was drunk out of his mind on whiskey.. i told him to cut back many times.. of well.. \ You can only do so much.  Next time I'd just let him drink on his own.
I was so grossed out when a friend of mine threw up on me \ Oh lord.. How did it happen?
We were at a party, he drank way too much and did it. \ God.. That is really disgusting, yes
I made sure everything was set and proper before i went abroad \ i feel like is should be prepared
Once I got a big gift in my mail. It was from an anonymous person. I never found out who gave it to me. \ That is fun! What was it?
It was a stuffed teddy bear. it was cute. \ What a neat mystery. I bet you wish you could thank them though. 
My neighbors are still doing fireworks every night around midnight. Scares my dogs and they can't sleep through it.  \ Oh, I bet that could be frightening for your dogs. Did you try to complain to them?
We don't know them well, but if they do it again tonight we probably will. I understand on the 4th and even a couple of days after, but some people have to get up for work.  \ I think they have some leftover fireworks that they don't want to sit on. They should just use them next time.
My dog just threw up. \ Oh no. Did it eat something bad?
Nothing really it was just stomach acid.  She hasn't eaten since last night. \ I'm sure she is okay. My dog throws up randomly too sometimes.
The school year starts again soon, which means I have to start working again. \ That sucks.  How long have you been a teacher for?
This will be my 4th year. I love it, but the beginning of the year is always pretty hectic. \ Yeah I'd imagine.  The months off for summer is nice though.
When I got my first car I thought I'd finally be able to have a cool social life.  But I was dissapointed quickly. \ oh sorry to hear that.. why didn't it work out?
I spent my first night out at a Whataburger, eating alone. \ Aw.. i feel you my friend. Hopefully things get better soon enough
i felt so guilty after lying to my girlfriend \ What did you lie about, and why?
I kissed a mutual friend of ours. I lied when she checked up on me. It was a one time thing, i did not wanted to hurt her. \ Best advice.  Never confess it.
I gave my credit card for a stranger to use once \ Why would you do that?
I felt sorry for the person, she looked trustworthy. and she needed to pay for some medicines for a friend who had accident \ So, why didn't you just pay for them your self?
I went on a job interview friday, and I think it went well. \ oh cool.. Is it in the field you like?
Same thing i'm doing now (IT) \ Good for you :) I wish and pray you get it buddy
i felt so lonely in my new apartment \ Sorry to hear that.. Why were you alone?
I have just moved away from my family to a new city for work. so. \ I hear you.. Socialize, get new friends.. You will start adapting
I once lied about kissing the most popular girl at my school. and my friend found out about it \ Damn! Every kid tells such innocent lies.. I bet your were embarassed
I was, so very much! I avoided my friends for a whole week thenafter \ Aww.. Your story is both cute, funny and innocent
My four year old daughter came up and told me she thought I needed a big hug and kiss. \ Did you give her one of each?
She jumped in my lap and peppered my cheek with kisses.  It was pretty cute. \ aweeee that is pretty cute.
My friend threw up on my face once \ Oh dear lord.. Was he sick or something?
he was drunk actually, a lot \ haha.. Sorry, i couldn't help but picturize it.
I felt so very nervous after i agreed to meet my girlfriend's parents \ Shoot.. I bet it was scary.. How did you handle it?
Well, i lost a few pounds on the weeks leading upto it. But the actual meeting went well \ So glad to hear that buddy. Wishing you are your girl all the very best
I have always wanted to join a college faculty.  I went to school to study philosophy for that reason. \ Have you been applying to try to get a position?
Unfortunately not.  In the end I ran out of money and had to leave that dream behind. \ That's unfortunate.  What are you doing now?
Well, not too bad. I felt really nervous the other day though. \ Oh no, what happened?
The cops pulled me over, i thought something was wrong \ Holy.. What did they want?
I feel so sad this time of the year. My dad passed away this time last year \ Thankfully they just were checking up on my speed
I'm sorry? Are you still talking about the cops? \ Sorry, something wrong with the chat interface
I wanted set all the ingredients at the cooking table before i cook last night \ I see.. Any specific reason for that?
I just like to be prepared and organized. Thats me. \ It is really good to have that level of discipline
I feel heartbroken whenever i see a picture of my dog \ Sorry to hear that!
I just lost my job, and I've got too many bills \ Oh no I'm sorry about that, do you have any family that can help?
I do, but they're kinda living paycheck to paycheck themselves. \ Do you have any leads on any new jobs?
There was this time that I went to eat with all my friends for a special event and I forgot to invite one of my closest friends.I felt horrible \ Oh no. Did you talk it out with them?
Yep I did! He was totally okay with it. I ended up buying him lunch because I felt so bad \ That's nice. Everyone makes mistakes. Glad he was forgiving!
My son and I went to the track yesterday to run. \ Oh no.. Did he pass away?
No, but he did end up puking all over the parking lot afterwards. \ Hope you feel better
I want the ingredients all on my table before i cook \ Same here.  It helps make cooking go smoother.
There is something so nice about being prepared fully \ Agreed.  No sense wasting time while cooking by looking for odds and ends.
That is really cool. i bet it felt nice watching those \ Uhm.. yeah, sure. I concur!
I envy people who can dance really well \ Oh yeah, me too. They have such cool attitude
I thought about my childhood when i went to a comic book store earlier \ i bet you did.. Felt nostalgic huh?
haha.. yeah. So much childhood packed into a room \ that is really innocent and sweet of you my friend
I was stunned with fear to find a rattlesnake right where i was about to step into last week \ holy cow! Thats terrifying. What did you do?
I stood there speechless for a moment, turned back and ran for my life! \ Hahaha.. I am sorry, i know it was really scary, but to think about it now, it is really funny as well
I felt like i am with my family again when i went to the beach couple days ago \ Aww.. Did you used to go as a family to the beach?
Yeah.. We took off on the car, all our family and we used to make a whole day out of it \ Such a sweet story.. So happy just to hear that from you
Needing some extra money, I used the spare change in my car to buy a scratch off ticket. \ Nice.. what type of ticket.. Monopoly?  Price is Right?  Scrabble?  Bingo?
It was Blackjack.  I didn't win anything though. \ Better luck next time!  I love to scratch!
I once ate a piece of cake, it was old.  After the first bite I noticed spots of mold on it. \ That sounds gross, did you get sick from it?
No I spit it out and listerined my mouth. \ Smart move, at least you noticed it and it wasn't hidden under icing or anything
My friend woke up late and missed the final exam. Turns out he helped a blind lady get home. \ That was noble
It was! He ended up failing final but luckily his previous exams were good enough. \ I guess when you do that well in school, you can afford to miss a day because of that every once and awhile
My dad surprised me one morning with a new truck. I was not expecting it all and it was just a great morning. \ That is an awesome dad. Do you still have the truck?
No, it broke down but it lasted for over a decade \ A decade is great use of it. Do you miss it?
Hello \ Hi, a few months ago, my mother found some stray dogs that were starving, so she told us about them. Of course, we brought the poor babies to our house, a mother dog and her two puppies. My heart went out to them, as their ribs were showing, but they were still so loving and sweet.
Oh no im so sorry to hear that :/ Thats good that you took them in  \ Yes, I really felt so much sympathy for them and we all really liked them. We already had several pets, so I wasn't going to keep them, but I wanted to help them get better and find them a good home. We did for all of them, with the puppies being able to stay together.
Well, can you tell me about your experience? I think we swapped places \ Yeah i wanted to tell you about the time i was hit by a drunk driver im so happy to still be alive after that experience
Oh my goodness, that's very scary! I hope you are okay now and the drunk driver was punished for his actions? \ Yeah he was punished hes in jail still
I was in awe to see the beauty of Angelina jolie. met her at a restaurant recently \ WOW!! She is my absolute favorite!
Mine too. She is a timeless beauty \ So true.  I was so jealous of brad pitt over the years
I was heartbroken when my mom told me that my childhood dog had died \ Oh god.. sorry.. How are you holding up?
I'm coping with it. So many memories with her \ Sorry buddy.. hopefully she is at a better place
my brother passed away 2 years ago and i'm still so heartbroken. it still hurts so much \ losing a loved one is never easy , especially a brother im sorry for your loss
thank you. I'm sure it will get easier with time. It was just so tragic, he was so young \ I cant imagine the pain you went through, i have 7 brothers and the taught of losing one of them scares me
I am so angry to see so much fake news floating around in the media \ I hear ya. Both sides are infected with this issue. 
Very true! Why does news have to be so hyped up? \ Well, they are looking for more viewers. It is not news anymore, it is entertainment.
I felt really alone in Miami when i moved there first \ Aw.. sorry about that my friend. Have you made any friends?
A few. I had moved away from my family for a job. Can't ever replace them, right? \ So true.. family is everything!
My little girl loves to wake up at night and ask for chocolate milk. \ That is nice. They are good at that age. I have a 20-year-old, and he is currently ignoring me.
I have an 18 year old doing the same.  What my 4 year old doesn't know is I giver her the sugar free version. \ I understand that. I tried to give him a new table for his apartment, and he blatantly ignored me. I was like, well I don't have to give it to you.
I lost a good job a few years back \ That blows dude , i bet it was not your fault 
The company got bought by someone else and we all got laid off.  Lost my family home and all.  But things are slowly improving. \ So they just cleaned house ? Damn that bad , i would assume they would have kept some workers 
So i used to shop in walmart and i thought it was the cheapest place to shop at but yesterday i went grocery shopping at aldi's and i was so surprised to see how much cheaper it is to shop there \ I thought walmart was pretty cheap.  I've never been to aldi's
you should give it a try! They have their own brands which are super cheap and the quality is great \ I may need to see if I have one near by.
I got so mad when i saw my brother ruining my favorite dress \ Oh no, what did he do?
He cut animal shapes into it. When we were kids \ Aww, you got to admit that is so cute as well
I am really looking forward to the new season of the Lakers \ I know right? everyone is, with Lebron James coming in
Hell yeah! i am sure we are going to perform really well this season \ So true. Lakers going to do well this time around.
i was so happy to see my high school friends at our reunion \ That is really sweet my friend. It is nice to see old friends
True! All those old memories started rushing in \ Aw, i am missing my high school now that you said it
I always feel sad when i think about my dad, he passed away few years back \ Oh god.. so sorry to hear that. May i ask how did it happen?
He had lung cancer.. \ Sorry.. Hopefully he is at a better place now.
I miss my dog, Baby Girl, poor thing passed away last year after 15 years. \ Oh, that is SO hard. It sounds like she had a long and happy life. I'm sure you miss her so much.
Absolutely she was my favorite pet I ever had, \ What kind of dog was she? 
Okay, a silly pet peeve but one nonetheless -- when people just leave their grocery carts willy-nilly in the parking lot. No consideration for others or the people who work at the store! \ Absolutely I agree I always try to not even bring cart unless I have too many too carry.
Me too. And I will always make sure to at *least* put it in one of those cart corrals, if not walk it back up to the store. Hey -- extra exercise ;-) \ Yes me too Now if everyone would just take our lead lol
My friends are saying my girlfriend is cheating behind my back, but i trust her \ Aww, such a nice boyfriend in this day and age! She is so lucky.
May be. But i have known her all my life, she would die before going behind my back \ I assure you she is a keeper. Marry her buddy!
I feel such envy when i see guys with sports cars \ Haha. Do you love sports cars that much?
Oh yeah.. I collected pictures of all the sports cars out there as a child, growing up \ Such passion for cars. Wish you can buy one soon mate
I have a lot of stuff coming up due this month.  I also have a lot of purchasing goals as well.  I am confident I will be able to meet all of them. \ Good, I hope you make the ends meet
That's the plan, I've signed up for a bunch of double shifts.  Fingers crossed. \ I wish you the best of luck, you will be fine!
I was so thrilled to get to see Hamilton, i was really looking forward to it \ Who is hamilton?
It is the broadway show, by Lin manuel miranda \ Oh okay, did you see it in NYC?
A competing firm offered me a job for higher salary, if i cheated my firm. But i respectfully declined \ How much better did it pay?
5k. But i am satisfied with my current firm \ That is not too much, I think you made a good choice
My dog started walking again after an accident she had \ That is good to hear.  I am sorry to hear she was hurt. What happened?
She fell down from the first floor.. \ Ouch.  What kind of dog?
I used to be a member of a very cool dance crew. I miss those days \ I'm not a very good dancer.  What kind of dancing did you do?
mostly hip hop. We were travelling and battling with other teams. It was really fun \ Oh wow, that does sound fun
i wan to participate in a bodybuilding contest! I'm sure i will win it! \ Well, if you are willing to try steroids, then you might have a chance of winning. Without it, it is impossible to even participate
That's not true! I'm actually vegan and I don't make steroids and I looks pretty amazing. I don't need to use none to participate or win \ Well in those contests, you have to be really pumped and by just fruits and vegetables, it is very unlikely
My daughter was thrown from her horse a few months back. \ Oh no! Is she okay?
Yes, but it took hours to come to that determination.  She had to have a CT scan and an xray of her leg/ankle.  She was pretty bruised and was in an air cast for a few weeks with crutches, but she's recovered pretty well. \ That's good to hear! How long ago was that?
Back in the 2014 World Cup I was super excited when Argentina won against the Netherlands in the semi-final. It was crazy! \ So I take it you are a soccer fan?  It seems America is finally getting into the sport.  Do you play yourself?
I used to when I was a kid but not since then! But I have to follow it, I was born in Argentina, it's in my blood \ I would imagine so!  Argentina seems like a lovely place to live.
I felt so lonely in Miami when i moved there from my family \ Sorry to hear that my friend. Why did you move?
I got a new job in here, so. \ I see.. Dont worry, you will own your new city soon enough
I felt so proud when my son got good grades in school last month \ For work, when i got a new job
I felt so alone in my new city \ I am sorry to hear that, why did you move there?
thanks, you too \ I am sorry to hear that, why did you move there?
i feel alone whenever i think about my dad, he passed away last year \ I'm so sorry.  You have my deepest condolences. Its hard to not feel isolation with the death of someone you are close to.  I can tell you it does get better and you are not alone.  He lives on in you.
yeah.. i know.. memories still haunt though.. \ Take joy and pride in the memories you have of him.  They are your personal family movies in your mind.  Cherish them because not everyone gets them with their parents.  Its good to find support and counseling too if you need it. Take care of yourself.
I felt so happy when i went to a comic book store the other day, felt like i was a child again \ Did you end up buying anything?
yeah, i bought quite a lot stuff \ Well is it close to where you live? That would be cool to go back often
I was really nervous when my girl asked me to meet her parents \ Yeah, i know that feeling. how did you handle it?
I was really close to running away, but i somehow managed to pull it off \ Good for you buddy :) happy for ya
I always make sure to self assure myself before i go for an interview \ that is a good tactic actually, it boosts your confidence
Yeah, and confidence is key in winning those right \ Very true. We should believe in ourselves for others to do that
Might sell my home. It's the home I grew up in. \ Oh, wao those a terrible news, is there any way to keep the house?
I might be asking for a loan. Not sure yet. \ Well, you have to weight your financial situation vs your emotional situation and see if it worth to keep the house, i guess you have so many memories there.
I came home, and my wife showed me a picture in 4d of our future baby, my heart speeded so fast! \ oh wow. Do you know whether it will be a boy or girl yet?
We choose to wait! but the amount of happiness in my body is tremendous! never felt this way before. \ First time parent?
my friend bought a big house and i'm happy for her but at the same time i'm a little bit jealous \ Big houses are a pain in the neck to keep clean.
true, but there is so much space for her kid to run and play at and I live in a tiny apartment with my son \ It does have its benefits.
I was so terribly sad when my granny passed away.. \ Oh my god, sorry to hear that my friend.. Were you guys close?
Yeah, very much. She was the one who looked after me. \ How sad.. Find peace knowing that she is in heaven now
I was so mad when i found out my cousin asked out my girlfriend once \ damn, thats sick and rough.. He knew you guys were together?
Sort of, yes. He did it anyways. I yelled at him. \ Can't say he did not deserve that..
I feel happy when I am outside in nature \ That's wonderful!  I do too.  I don't take it for granted because I've been battling Lupus for 13 years and in bed a lot.  Its an amazing world we have! What is on of your favorite things to do outside?
I love to garden. Organic gardening, I plant peppers, cucumbers, tomatoes and a bunch of other goodies.  \ Sounds wonderful!  I really want to take up gardening.  It would go with my new lifestyle I've adopted of eating plant based.  Do you have tips for a beginner?
We went to the pool last week and I made sure to bring everything I needed. \ did any competition have you attend in pool 
No, we just go for my kids to swim and wear themselves out. \ that good it makes you healthy 
love all,trust a few,do wrong to none \ That's a good way of saying live a good life.
yes,be pleasant with every one  \ Treat everyone the way you want to be treated.
I am waiting to hear back on whether or not I got accepted into law school \ That is impressive. Which law school have you applied?
Syracuse University \ I have a friend who recently graduated from there and have landed a job in a law firm
My credit score has seen a 50 point decrease in the last month. I think this is a result of my debt accumulation \ Ouch.  Debt ration does play a big factor in the scoring.
Indeed. I think i need to be more careful with my spending and careful plan everything in detail \ (*ratio)  I watch my score like a hawk.
I found a spider crawling on my bed. \ damn.. what did you do?
Killed it then took stripped my bed apart to look for his friends. \ haha.. did you find the friends?
i was so in awe when i saw hamilton \ The rap version?   Doesn't sound all that appealing to me.  Was it that good?
It was really awesome dude, the full show covers it all up \ Maybe i'll have to check it out
I took my daughter out to the skate park today. \ how did that go
Awesome! She went down the big ramp today for the first time. It was so cool. \ oh thats awesome.. congrats
i was mad the other day when i couldnt leave work on time \ I know your pain. I used to have to stay over often as well.
yea sucks when you have plans \ It sucks when your wife made said plans hahaha!
It really bothers me when people come into where we live at night and ride their dirt bikes \ Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement 
There is many paths leading to faith \ for faith there is no path it is an individual human's thought 
good friends always helps you in every up and down situation without any expectation  \ You have to have a good friend though for any help. Without a friend there is not help.
yes my friend help me  \ You are lucky to have a friend willing to help.
Our youngest daughter fell down our back stairs when she was about 4 and hit her head. \ ALL of y'all must have been so scared! Was she okay? Any stitches necessary?
She was fine but we did go to the ER because she started vomiting.  They did a CT scan and she did have a slight concussion, but she recovered just fine. \ The vomiting is scary -- so good that y'all got to the ER, and could confirm that she was okay. Was she fearful of stairs after that?
I love being in the "flow" -- whether it's in speaking to a group of people or working to help facilitate meetings. \ What kind of work do you do?
I work with different organizations on strengthening their culture, and I do large-scale visual notetaking (also known as graphic recording). Are you familiar with that at all? (Not unusual NOT to be!) \ Actually I'm not, but it sounds very interesting and by working with different organizations, I would imagine it's also exciting and new every day.
 I am jealous of my coworker, he is very athletic and smart and just got promoted, I wish I was that good \ in every office the coworker are really good and fast
Yeah, but he is the best by far \ coworker can help you in different situation 
miracle happens when you went to world wonder places  \ Yeah, where did you go?
paris \ Wow, that is a pretty awesome place to go!
I was devestated when my grandmother passed away, that was a very sad time for me \ sorry to hear that.
It is okay, I am still working through it but it has gotten better \ thats good
i was happy to see that i was able to get a new pet the other day \ What pet did you get?
bearded dragon \ Oh wow, that is gonna be  anew experience for you!
I dropped my laptop and broke it. \ Yikes, how much will it cost to replace?
I'm not sure. Hopefully not too much.  I think I can just fix the screen. \ That would be best, they can get expensive to fix
I was devestated when my grandmother passed away, that was a very sad time for me \ That's sad to hear.
Yeah, but that is life I suppose \ It is. I've lost both of mine.  It will get better with time.
last night I was in bed and a spider came straight down from the ceiling fan onto the comforter. \ I would have peed myself, what did you do?
I was scared to death.  I screamed and made my husband get it. \ Oh, that is a smart move, I would have been just as scare
I have always been faithful to my girlfiend of almost 3 years \ and... ?  what is going on?
Nothing, I just thought it was worth bragging about, it seems rare these days \ Oh ok.. I was scared for a minute there.  Congratulations on your successful relationship! LOL
Are you a parent. \ I am not, I am still young
When you become one, you will never forget the day it happens. You'll weep of happiness. \ I hope so, I am still not sure if I want kids
I get sentimental about my family, they mean a lot to me and I do not know what I would do without them \ I know what you mean. My family is the only thing that keeps me going.
That is how I feel a lot of the time too \ Its tough, but hey at least it's something.
 i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted \ What did she ask for?
some scooter that was $400 \ Well that is a very expensive gift, she cannot expect to get stuff that costs so much!
I cannot wait for the new super smash bros for the nintendo switch \ oh when does it come out .. we just got mario aces.. it was ok 
It comes out in december, I was disappointed with aces, but Smash should be much better \ i hope so
My girlfriend annoys me sometimes, but I guess that is what love is anyways \ I completely understand. Can't live with them, can't live without them.  ha ha ha
That is true, it is interesting, but we still love each other at the end of the day \ How long you been together?
I had friends over last night for the UFC fights.  It was a blast \ What fight did you watch?
Dillishaw fight \ Ah, did he win?
my brother once called me the black sheep infront of my entire family \ I am the black sheep in mine, self declared.
Me too, but he didnt have to broadcast it to everyone like that. \ No he didn't.. but at least they were admitting they were assholes, you didn't have to wait till you were older to figure it out.
I am so happy.. I went to the casino yesterday... \ I absolutely love the casino,  what is your slot machine of choice?
I like mistress of time.. the steampunk looking one \ I love the one dollar slots, but I always loose everything
My buddy ate my leftovers after I asked him not to \ How rude!  Are you two roommates?
Yes! I was so hungry and went to the fridge to discover that it was all missing \ What was it that he ate?
Did you watch the UFC fights last night \ Yes I love combat sports.
I didn't think it would happen but to see Dillishaw get another knockout in first round was a surprise \ Dillishaw is a warrior,  Do you think very highly of connor?
My grandmother passed without any warning to us \ I am sorry to hear that, I lost my grandmother to cancer, which did not make it anny better, knowing it was coming
Im sorry aswell, Its like we know its gonna happen but we are never ready. \ I know, it is sad that people must pass, but I am grateful for the time I did get with her
I cannot wait for the new super smash bros for the nintendo switch \ Ive always wanted a nintendo switch, Is it any good?
They are amazing, 100% recommend, if you like pretty much any kind of game, they have it, and it is portable, I play so often \ How often do you play portably?
I left my home to my neighbor to take care of, when I had to suddenly visit my mom in Canada \ I'm glad you had someone to take care of it while you were away. Was you mother alright?
Yes. Seem like she didn't listen to the doctor about taking her meds on time. \ Oh no. Were you able to get things sorted out? We live far away from family and I know how hard it can be especially when there are health concerns. 
My dog had bone cancer and we had to put her down. It was a very sad, but necessary decision.  \ it takes a strong and compassionate person to make that kind of decision.
It was very hard, but she was suffering. Our vet was very helpful and we did ask him if he thought it was too soon. He assured us that it was not.  \ She had a happy life. I'm sure she understands.
I used to love pokemon, thinking back on it puts me in my feelings \ Yeah kids have moved on to YuGiYoh and other silly games.
I still like it a good deal, just not as much \ At least pokemon go is popular now..
I am so elated!  I am going on a vacation tomorrow! \ Where are you headed?
I am going to North Korea.. I can't wait! \ Wow, that should be interesting, have fun!
I was disgusted when I saw a really big spider, I hate those things \ did you kill it ?
I did, I do not want them alive near me \ thats good
i was upset the other day when i couldnt leave home on time \ Why, what happened?
the wife taking her time.. \ That makes sense, you gotta prepare for that my man, you know how that goes!
I cannot wait for the new super smash bros for the nintendo switch \ I love the switch, I have been thinking about buying my own.
You should, it is amazing, I play so often, the novelty of having console games anywhere does not wear off, trust me! \ Would you say you play it more at home or on the go?
I found a stray puppy and nursed it back to health \ That is amazing, what breed was it?
It was a little baby blue healer,  became my best friend \ That is so great, did you keep it?
I am trusting of my girlfriend, we have been dating almost 3 years now \ that's good that you trust her! It's hard to have a relationship if you don't have trust
Exactly, with my younger generation, it is tough to find loyalty sometimes \ i agree! I've been married for 5 years and i can't imagine being with anyone else but my wife
I gained some weight when my wife was pregnant and now i finally lost 15 lbs. i feel great! \ That is good, it can be easy to sink into a bad lifestyle with a kid or stressed wife
She wasn't really stressed , she had nausea and the only food she could eat is french fries and pizza so i was eating all that food as well \ That makes sense too, that is all I eat now, my metabolism may catch me one day, I need to make changes as well, but great for you losing the weight!
Last vacation I collected rocks to take home and remember the trip by \ I do that too.. I take small tiny ones usually.  I have pieces of the grandcanyon and everything
Do you like to buy mementos and things at gift shops? \ Sometimes but I like natural cool stuff better, and making collages out of brochures and free stuff I find along the way.
I am really scared.  I moved into this new house and I swear to you it is haunted. \ WHAT?! do you hear noises at night?
Not only do you hear things, like footsteps and knocks, I can smell things.. \ Oh, my, god, I have lived in a haunted house before,  what do you smell?
I let my friend hold on to my wedding ring while I planned my proposal. \ what happened ? lost it?
No but I was worried if he was going to be responsible with it.  He did not loose it thank god \ thats good
i was upset the other day when i couldnt get home on time to get my kid to practice \ What happened? did you run into traffic?
yea traffic \ That is no fun,  was his coach upset he was late, or did you even make it at all?
I am so mad!  I went outside and an armadillo was eating my plants. \ NO! they can be vermin,  what did you do to get rid of him?
I yelled at it and told it to leave.  I live near a lake and all.. there is no getting rid of animals.   \ Did he jump up and run away?
Once my card got declined and the employee put 5 dollars on my gas pump anyway \ That was nice of him..  Did you pay him back ever
Yes I went back after my payday and gave him ten dollars \ THats really nice of you!  Was he surprised?
Once I woke up to what i thought was a ghost in my room \ WHAT? I would be terrified!! 
YES i was scared out of my mind, to this day I tell myself it was a dream. \ So you actually saw it?? how did it look? did it say anything?
I don't really trust people but i sure do trust my wife! She is so amazing, i know she would never lie to me, she simply can't lie \ Has she tried to lie before but just been a terrible liar?
she is just a terrible liar, she knows that and so she doesn't even try lol \ I am the same way, Every time I lie im thinking.  they dont believe me at all
I went to the first day of class knowing it was going to be easy. \ that's good. did it actually turn out easy?
Yes I passed with flying colors.  But that feeling made it that much easier. \ that's wonderful! Congrats! I didn't have a lot of easy classes when i was in college
I think i have anxiety attacks! I didn't even know that anxiety causes some physical pain. like the other day i felt like somebody was chocking me \ I have anxiety attacks too,  you feel like you cant catch your breath and you are light headed.
yes! And i felt like that for 3 days on and off! \ that is crazy,  Its only usually a few minutes for me before I can talk myself down.
My wife was sick all last week, so I had to stick by her side. \ what did she get sick off , im sorry to hear that your a great to your wife
She caught a very bad cold. I brought her soup everyday and tended to her every need. \ When i get married i want to be like you , and take care of my loved one 
I want to evertually move to new york and be closer to my brother and friend , im just a bit afraid as i really dont know much about anything there \ Moving to a new place can make you uneasy, but once you make a couple of friends you'll get over it. 
Thank you, that actually made me feel better im planning on moving there early spring \ New York is very beautiful and the people there are very friendly, so i'm sure you'll do fine. 
I felt very joyful when I got into a college that I really wanted to go to, plus my friends were there already. \ Ah, congratulations! What a GREAT feeling. Are y'all all still good friends?
Most of them yes, things in life happen so I am not still in touch with all of them, but oh well. \ You know what, nothing to mourn, really. Life has chapters, you know? It's wonderful you have the memories you do.
I LOVE when leaders know that it actually *helps* them to be surrounded by strong people -- people they can learn from, that challenge them, and that in some ways could be considered "better". \ I agree, its always nice to have people around you who are smarter in some areas
It's just too many leaders want "yes men" and/or people who feel non-threatening. It's a trap and a quick path to mediocrity, if not failure! \ Yes men are definitely a bad idea when it comes to life and business
i was shocked when i couldnt go to the game i bought tickets for \ Oh, wow!  What happened?  
i had to stay at work  \ That stinks.  What did you do with your tickets?
I think I need to make a doctor's appointment, but I don't want to do it. \ why not? if it will possibly get you better
That's true.  I've just had these headaches, and they're kind of scary. \ might as well find out now before it get worse
We planned our honeymoon and booked a flight but I was so nervous about flying. \ Don't worry. It will be okay. Flights are always safe
I found that out, after many sleepless nights. Now we fly all the time and I love it. I feel kind of silly. \ Its natural. Do not sweat it.
I think I did very good at my interview. I hope they call me back! \ Good luck. That's always nerve racking waiting for them to call. I'm sure you did well though.
I have a really good feeling about this place though :) \ That is really exciting. I bet since you have a good feeling, they will call back.
i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour \ What band is that?
coldplay \ They playing anywhere close?
After a long week at work, I am at peace on this quiet Sunday morning. \ thats good.. any plans
nothing but just relaxation \ thats cool
Driving sometimes gets me very nervous. I don't like the thought of getting in a deadly car accident. \ how long have you been driving
Since I was 16, I'm 22 now. But I still get very anxious on the road. \ ah thats cool
it upset me to see that my dog to loose the other day \ Wait, what happened?
he opened the gate and ran away \ How did he manage to open the gate?
My sister recently paid off her house. I felt so envious of her as I've been trying to pay mine down. \ That will be *such* a wonderful feeling when you do. I know it's hard when you see someone reach the "finish line" first -- are you able to turn that envy into inspiration?
I really am trying hard to- that's such a great suggestion. I know I'm making good progress to my goal, and I genuinely am pleased she did it! \ See? That's terrific! And she's got to love that you can celebrate her victories too -- even more inspiration to support yours!
I used to be soooooo territorial of my boyfriend (now husband of decades!) when were dating. \ I'm like that too, so I can totally relate. Were you able to talk to him about how you felt?
Yes, but when we were younger -- he didn't really understand. And truly, it was more about my own insecurities than about him, you know? As I grew more into myself, the jealousy loosened its hold. \ I've felt the same way. As I have aged and become more comfortable and secure in my marriage and in myself, those other insecurities and fears dropped off. Good for you for conquering that challenge!
I was in the mood to try some baking the other day, and I tried something really challenging.  It actually turned out pretty well. \ That's good, new experiences can lead to new likes and dislikes. The important thing is that you keep an open mind. 
That's true.  It helps when the results taste good, too! \ Exactly, hopefully you found a new hobby.
I gave a long, drawn out presentation at school the other day. I found the task to be very daunting. \ That sounds tough.  How do you think you did?
Horrible, my palms were sweaty the entire time. I hate talking in front of large crowds. \ Me, too--I'm sorrry you had to go through that.  At least it's over now, right?
My daughter and her family were on their way from ohio to visit us. \ Oh, that must be exciting! I bet you were busy making preparations.
I prepared for weeks. I could not wait for them to get here. It had been almost a whole year since I had seen them and they have a new baby. \ That sounds like it was a lot to take in! Congrats to them!
I was able to make it through some hard times when my parents were able to lend me some money to finish college. \ That was really nice of them and lucky they were able to help you.
Yes, it was. It was a life changer that got me on my feet so I could be able to enjoy life. \ Congratulations on graduating college and I wish you the very best.
I cosigned a loan with my son, expecting he would make the payments and he has let me down by being late every month. \ wow.. what do you plan to do ?
I've helped me create a repayment plan where I have paid the loan payments and he can catch back up by paying me. I just really feel frustrated because he has the money, but he wastes it. \ yea i can understand that
i was suprised when i saw this guy dunk the other ball the other day \ That's cool! Do you play basketball frequently?
i used to in my younger days.. im old now so i just watch \ I feel the same. I used to be pretty athletic, but now I take in most sports from the comfort of my sofa!
My ex girlfriend messaged me yesterday out the blue, i still do love her im just afraid of trying this all over again \ I would try again, if you love her you might regret not giving it another try if she moves on.
You are right , im just gonna take baby steps and not rush anything and make this work again \ Sounds like a good idea to go slow and make sure things don't get too heavy too fast.
I feel like most of my friends are married with kids and as a single person I have no one to socialize with. \ I dont have kids either, sometimes when i go out with my friends im mainly the 3rd wheel and it feels weird , i feel your pain
It's like, ok I'll go to your kids recital but when will you guys come to the bar with me lol. \ Thats exactly how i feel, i have hanged out with them and its always kids crying and running around
I was anticipating a great weight loss after my first week on my diet! \ Oh really? How did it go?
I lost 7 pounds! I am SO thrilled because it was challenging to follow the plan all week long.  \ Great job! I'm so happy for you! Losing weight is hard!
I just finished signing the papers for my auto loan refinance! Waiting on a large refund for the GAp insurance! \ Great! Will this mean a lower car payment for you? 
Yes! And a lower interest rate. I'm so happy. I can really use that extra money! \ So happy for you! Yes- having extra money is always a reason to celebrate!
I try not to judge often...but if there's one thing I can't stand it's pedophiles..they just make my blood boil \ I watched a movie based off a true story on that once. It was truely a sad story for the little girl and her parents.
What movie was it \ It was a korean movie. Don't recall the name.
There are 2 cats that come by my home every night. I leave food out for them. \ That's pretty sympathetic of you...but aren't you worried they'll start going through your trash
They haven't yet. I hope not! \ Do you own any cats or dogs
My friend got accepted into Harvard University. That's my dream school. I don't understand how someone as dumb as him can get accepted there, and i'm stuck at community college. \ Maybe they know a friend who knows a friend.
That's what i'm thinking, it's not what you know it's who you know. \ Yep, that's the way of the world, especially with Universities to.
My cousin didn't even told me he was having a kid, I had to hear it from someone else. \ Did you guys ever fall out?
No we didn't, I was just surprise, didn't see it coming. \ Wow, it's always the people that your closest to that end up changing.
I booked a vacation house on the coast and we drove to the place. Upon arriving the driveway was blocked with other people's cars, to which none of the owners were anywhere to be found. \ That must have been so frustrating!!! Were you able to find them fairly quickly? And how?!
We did not, instead we had to park very far away and walk the rest for the first entire day. Eventually the people came back and moved the cars in the middle of the first night so we had to sacrifice more time the next day to retrieve our car. \ SO frustrating. Hopefully you were able to provide feedback to the owner. Not sure they could/can *do* anything about it, but still -- maybe you've helped pay it forward to the next visitor!
I have felt some of the best moments of pure happiness seeing someone I love getting something they've worked hard for -- like my daughter's acceptance into her college and major of choice! \ That sounds exciting! Congratulations to her. I bet there was a lot of celebration to be had for such an achievement!
Absolutely! Of course, now the real work begins ;-) But her *knowing* that it was her hard work paid off in such a gratifying way -- ah, so happy for her! \ I bet! But at least now, like you said, she can see what hard work can achieve. Hopefully the path continues in the best way possible and she can get everything you both hope(d) for!
I am feeling positive about the economy these days \ That's terrific! Is there anything in particular that makes you feel good about it?
All the indicators are positive.The economy is triving. \ But on a personal level, how do you experience that?
I was disappointed when I realized someone close to me was not who I thought they were. \ Did that person betrayed you in any way?
Well, in a sense. But to be fair, I may have had my own "vision" of who they were and held them to that standard -- not really seeing them for who they were. I have to accept some responsibility for that, you know? \ Don't be so hard on yourself for being a frien and trust another people.
I recently met up with a friend I had not seen in a while. I want to see him again soon and I think I will! \ I love reuniting with old friends, helps me remember and appreciate the good times.
I agree. We went to high school and middle school together. \ I bet that was a long time ago!
I can't stand it when you talk to someone who doesn't know a lick of English. It makes everything so difficult... \ Language barriers can be pretty problematic. Always keep an open ear, though.
Yes, I know. I try my best to understand what they are trying to say but it's annoying. \ That's fair. The same would be true in any other nation.
In college I studied very hard for an upcoming exam that I was very interested in getting a very high score. I was confident that I did so. \ I'm sure you studied hard and should be proud of that! I'm positive you nailed it.
I was very excited with my result. I am very competitive. Sometimes I wish I were not so competitive. \ Being competitive isn't a bad thing unless you let it get in the way of your personal life. 
I am about to book a vacation to Barbados! I cannot wait to go there. It's going to be gorgeous. \ You are so lucky! I love the Caribbean but I have never been to Barbados. Have you been there before?
I have never been there. I went to Saint Lucia for my honemoon and I loved it! \ Saint Lucia is absolutely beautiful. You were very lucky to go there.
I have my final exam for Linear Algebra coming in a week. I feel stressed out as I am not prepared \ Try to relax and think positive, visualize yourself acing the test.
I think i am going to fail this test as there are much to learn but no time left to comprehensively study \ You are being to negative.Whit this attitude, you are gonna fail for sure
I trust President Trump all the way \ It seems he is delivering on his promises. As you can see, the economic numbers are truly high
I give the credit more to Obama than Trump.The economy is doing great despite Trump \ I think the tax cuts has made investors bullish on capital investment which Trump administration has passed as a law
A have a friend that is going to be visiting me this week! I cannot wait! \ How did you meet your friend?!
She was a very close college friend and now she lives a few hours south. \ College and high school friends are always close to the heart. I'm glad she lives fairly close!
I am currently dealing with epilepsy unfortunately, and the doctors have not found a treatment yet. \ That is unfortunate. I hope that it is able to be treated well.
Thanks. I have to go to a Monitoring Unit in two weeks where they will induce seizures to see if they can pinpoint their location. Not going to be fun. \ I hope it goes as smooth as possible. Hang in there.
I was expecting to get a low B or even a C in one of my hardest university courses. Instead, on the Final Exam there was bonus opportunity to which I came out with an A average. \ Nice, I bet you feel so relieved!
It was definitely not was I was expecting. It made me understand that there's always a second chance to do well. \ I agree, second chances are awesome. They always surprise me because I don't expect much after the first chance.
I hate wasps so much. They always seem to get into my apartment somehow and I turned into a little girl! \ Oh wow, I bet that's scary. Maybe there's something you could look into to help prevent that happening, that does not sound fun!
I've been looking into bug sprays and bug repellants but nothing has changed. I think it's time to call the exterminator! \ I agree, get those things OUT! I hope they never come back!
i recently ordered earphones online but i receive duplicate product \ A duplicate? Like a fake?
yes i received a fake product , the make of earphones is very well known brand  \ That  sucks.  I'd be very upset.      You have to be careful who you order from online.  Some times if the price is too goot to be true its a fake product.
My cat died :( \ oh when and why?
She had diabeties. \ oh my condolences for you, you would have good memories of it.
I've felt so incredibly sad whenever we've had to say goodbye to any of our dogs. \ Wait, were they leaving to go somewhere or like dying? Either one is a little sad to be honest.
I know -- I needed to just come out and say "when we had to put them down". Always age or illness related -- but man, SO tough. \ It's like losing a family member :(
I can't wait until Halloween. I love scaring the little kids who come to my house, muhahah! \ Ha! I've always loved the more festive Dia de los Muertos approach to the day rather than scare or gore! What's your favorite Halloween film?
I remember learning about the Day of the Dead festivities in school, it was very fascinating. My favorite Halloween film is Halloween, lol.  \ SAME. Because when it came out, it felt groundbreaking! I remember being soooo scared and jumpy for weeks after seeing that.
My vacation is coming up in a month. I've worked nonstop for 9 months. \ Wow, I'll bet you're ready for a vacation. Are you going anywhere special?
Just going up north to Canada. Trying a new change of scene. \ That should be awesome. Do you know anyone in Canada?
I flew back to California a few weeks ago, it was beautiful flying in over the mountains. \ It sounds beautiful and serene.
It really is, I miss the Sierra Nevadas very much, have you ever been?  \ No I haven't. But now I want to see.
My friend has been on the couch for a few weeks. He is getting under my skin now. \ What happened to him? Are you guys roommates?
No, he is a friend that recently got fired and needs some help. \ That is very bad. Unemployed individual can be very frustrating to deal with
The %4.1 US GDP growth for this year that was revealed is truly unbelievable. Who could have imagined such a number \ I did not know that it was that high! That's amazing.
I think Trump is truly delivering on his campaign promises and everybody is really surprised \ I guess so, and I am not even a Trump supporter.
I hate bugs and insects so much. I've called pest control but I still have them everywhere in my house. I'm so scared of them crawling around all the time... \ I bet that disturbing and frightening when you have to see those. Especially when the thought of them is always lingering!
Yeah, I don't like the idea of them crawling around when I'm sleeping or something. Keeps me always afraid and on alert! \ Hopefully you don't wake up and ruin your sleep over them too often.
I was able to get an interview for a great job, by the time I was going into it I felt that I knew everything they would require and I was not worried at all. \ Nice! You sound like you prepared very well
I did, I prepared in every way possible. It was all worth it in the end because I was able to show them just how valuable I was. \ I love that feeling. Being prepared for whatever comes your way, good luck!
I get so mad when I see or hear about kids getting bullied. It is so unfair. \ it definetly is. I'm glad schools are taking a stance against it
I've seen videos on the internet where kids are crying to their parents that they were made fun of because their race and health illnesses. Very messed up. \ it definetly is. I hope we move forward to eliminate this issue
I have been trying to lose weight in a group and while i made it to 4 lbs, my friends made it to 15. :( \ How did they lose so much weight compared to you?
i guess they worked harder but \ Maybe it has something to do with your diet ?
I was walking home from work late a few weeks ago and my street was unusually quiet.  \ What happened?
Well, there was a man walking really quickly behind me and there was no one around.  \ Sounds a bit scary.  What did you do?
I panicked and he caught up. He walked by quickly and said a really nasty word in the creepiest way. But he kept going.  My knees were shaking.  \ Oh my goodness I would have been terrified!
Yes, it was so scary. My heart pounded for at least half an hour. I was shaken.  \ Thankfully he walked on past you but what a horrible experience all round.
I had the worst day ever yesterday.  I had just finished a long, hard day at work, I had driven the 40 minutes home, was just driving into my street and realised that I had left my bag with phone, purse and most importantly my house keys back in the office! \ Oh no that is so frustrating! What did you do?
Well I wanted to cry and scream, I was so cross with myself but unfortunately as I live alone I just had to drive the 40 minutes back to the office to get them then another 40mins back home.  Where i swiftly had a little glass of wine to help lol. \ Ah yes, a glass of wine might help to make that feel better. Still, what a pain. Lousy end to a lousy day. 
Exactly, so irritating.  But hey you live and learn, I guarantee you I will never leave work again without double then triple checking that I have all my belongings with me! \ I would be so lost without my phone, but I could make it through an evening. The house keys though! 
I've been making music for over a decade, but still hasn't had success like some who've only been doing it for a year or two \ Making music is a hard business to break into. The only way to make it is to keep practicing and to get a little lucky.
I believe you on the get lucky part, but you're right, there's always room for improvement. \ Even if nothing ever comes of music, you're still having fun I hope! Thats really what music is supposed to be about anyways. Making a few million is always a nice bonus though!
Yes, it is, Thank You. \ Of course. Good luck with the music career. I'm rooting for you
My wife is about to start her Master's program and I'm very proud of her. I like how much ambition she has. \ Wow, that's awesome and great that you're supporting her also.
She's my rock. She's going to crush this Master's program \ What course or field?
Hi friend, you should have seen what just happened to me.. \ what happened?
I done slipped and fell all over the ground, it was so embarrassing. \ Oh my, I hope you are ok.
I went to a hot rod show yesterday and saw a bunch of classic mustangs. \ Cool, do you like older cars?
Yes.  I was amazed at all the level of detail in the restorations. \ Was there any bikes there too?
I was shocked to see $200.00 included with the card. \ Was it some fraudulent transaction posted on your account?
No not at all, She justed wanted to make sure I had a good birthday. \ So, it was your partner who used you card
This year, the company I work for, provided with 10 days of paid vacation. I took a trip to Miami. It was amazing to visit the beaches \ Oh wow. I bet that was amazing!
Indeed. In this hot summer season, it was timely and worthy to visit Miami \ I bet the weather was nice too!
one month back i went for a wildlife safari , where i was attacked by a wild boar  \ Oh no! Was anyone hurt?
ya i had bruises on my leg  \ That's pretty scary.  Did the boar survive the ordeal?
it attacked me and ran into the bushes . it was a very bad experience. \ Are you willing to go on another safari?
no i am done with such trips. \ I'm not surprised.
I finally got my CCNA certification. \ oh that sounds good 
I hope to put it to use soon. \ ya you should and you be proud of your achievement 
I  had no income to pay my bond.  So I accepted the plea bargain just to get out of county jail sooner than later \ That's a wild occurrence. Jail can be harsh on anyone.
yeah, especially if you believe you are 100% innocent of the charges.  However a $600 fine and to be released sounds better than 2 months sitting in jail awaiting a court date. \ Yeah that's definitely the way to go. Get out as fast as possible.
I went on a road trip with some friends. We had a wonderful time hanging out on the beach and camping, too! \ Getting out of town and way from all of everday life's struggles always sounds like a great time.  Did you leave you cell phone at home while you weer away to 'really' get away from everything for a minute?
Yes, sometimes I leave it away and that makes me appreciate everything else more. \ That sounds like a really relaxing time, I'm jealous.
I felt like vomiting when I saw a little boy at a restaurant drooling while his parents did nothing. He was eating but his drool and snot from his nose was leaking into his food! \ Oh no! That's disgusting. They should take better care of him.
I was so disgusted and lost my appetite. \ I would have been nauseous too.
When my friend went on bed rest during her pregnancy, I was confident that she would have a healthy baby. \ Is bed rest where you stop working?
Yes, but she was concerned about her baby. I was very optimistic for her. \ Me too. If she gets plenty of rest, the baby will be just fine.
Just got offered a car as a gift. I really needed it. \ What an amazing gift to be given!  That truly sounds like a blessing for you.
It is! The person is very kind to have reached out like that. \ For sure!  Did you accept the gift?
My mother in law always lies and exaggerates things.  Sometimes the same story is told two different ways to both my husband and I. \ I'm glad you and your husband communicate enough to know that!
It's frustrating though, never knowing how she's going to interpret something and then share it with others.  Some of the things she's told our kids have been just horrible. \ What do you say to your kids to deal with it?
We paid 600$ for a cruise, but they canceled it with not refunds one week before. so mad \ No refunds for a cancel 1 week before? That sounds like a total scam! I would be furious. Did you ever find a way to get your money back? Because that does not sound legal!
we are currently pursuing a case against them. they are a local travel company, so they dont know what they're in for \ I hope that you win your money back and then some, you really deserve it after all of that upset!
It took 2 months of constant waiting for me to get my results for a test that I spent 3 months preparing for. \ sounds like a lot of waiting. did you do well?
Yes, I was able to pass. But the wait in between just built up every single day that went by without seeing those results. \ very frustating but congratulations on the results
Hi friend I will be meeting with one of my old friends today and am every excited! \ Hey, that's good I hope both do a lot of catching up 
Yes there will be much to talk about and we will go to the zoo together too. \ I haven't been to the zoo in a long time, I hope you have fun.
one time I was on a boat and got stranded at see. \ Oh man, did you have plenty of food and water?
Nope, we didn't walk with any, wasn't expecting. \ Dang well its a good thing that you made it out okay!
I'm so embarrassed. I just ate an entire bag of potato chips in one sitting! \ Don't worry, I do that all the time. I love binge eating lol
I just feel guilty. I should have eaten a peach. \ True but chips taste sooo much better
I was expecting so much more from the movie but it sucked! Never again am I having my expectations so high for a movie.. \ It's awful when you spend money on tickets and popcorn and it's a bad time. Did they put all of the best moments in the trailer?
ACtually, the trailer was better than the movie. The movie was sooo weak. \ I would be so annoyed. You could have stayed home and watched Twitch.
I had a wonderful experience with a friend a few years ago. I wonder if I will see her again any time soon. \ Lovely.  What did you do together?
We went to the beach and had some fun in the sun and also ate dinner with some other mutual friends. \ Sounds like a great time.  What has brought that memory back up again>
My husbands brother was getting married.  I searched online and in every shop to find the perfect dress.  I finally found it, tried it on and loved it.  I couldnt buy it until the following week as I had to wait to payday so I left it over in the store.  The next day my sister in law called in.  She had been shopping and had also found the perfect dress.  She took it out of the bag to show me and I discovered it was the same dress!! Couldnt believe it.  Oh how I resented her at that moment. \ That's very intense. I am sorry you had to experience that.
Oh if envy could kill - she would have been dead on the spot.  Needless to say I got over it and found another dress but just at that moment on that day... \ That's good. Time heals all wounds and can be a powerful cure to pain and disdain.
