So I was at cheeleading last night and this girl did a double backflip! \ Did she land?
Yeah! It was just really fast and she went up really high! \ Sweet. Did the crowd cheer?
I got into Harvard. Can you believe it? \ Wow that is great! When are you going to start?
In the Fall. \ That is really great! How does that make you feel?
I have been looking at pictures of crazy car crashes. \ Oh really? Any interesting ones?
Seriously now I can't drive anywhere. I can't even leave the house for fear of car crashes. \ That's awful! Sounds like it might have caused you some trauma unfortunately.
My sister just got laid off from her job. I'm so angry. \ Why are you angry, did you sister get unfairly fired?
Yes, I thought the company did so very unfairly and it was due to their inability to balance their budget. \ Sounds like in the long run they will all end up fired if they don't get their money right
I am so glad to have good friends \ Good for you!
They are always there when I need them. I got rid of the bad apples long ago \ That's great. Its good that you have a support network like that. 
I'm scared of the dark, but I have to walk home from work in the dark. \ Are you always alone?
Yeah it makes the walk home pretty nerve wraking \ I can imagine. Why don't you take a lyft or uber?
I don't make enough money to do that \ A walking buddy then? they should be free.
Proud of my friend! He recently made a hockey team. \ That's great. Is it his first year?
It's his first time trying yes, junior hockey./ \ Wow how exciting, has he been practicing a lot? 
Went to the Barber today. I'm one beautiful man. \ You get a new trim?
I went old school. Last a bet now I have a mullet with lighting bolts on the side and a stash. \ That's awesome, bet you look straight out of 1990s.
Just got ditched by my friend for the third time this week, when trying to make plans. Wish people weren't so flaky these days. Why does it feel like I'm putting in more effort to hang out with people than vice versa? \ Its definitely not fair. It seems almost as if people do not TRY to create a friendship or are playing both ends of the candle to see which bargain (plans) per friends are better, and then make a choice
Not sure how to approach it. On the one hand we used to be good friends, and hung out all the time in college. Now after we graduated, they've grown distant. I don't want to be annoying, but I want to be available too, you know? Cause friendships are hard to maintain/create as you get older \ Yes, true friends understand and will work around your schedule and won't put you off, or make you feel like you have done something wrong.  
My husbands open heart surgery for Monday was postponed. We have to deal with Kidney related issues now \ Sorry to hear that. My parents used to struggle with health issues too, and I'd worry just as much as they would. Do you know when it may be rescheduled for?
Thank you. We have to treat the symptoms of the Chronic Kidney Disease first, and then tend to the heart surgery next. We have a long road ahead. \ It sounds like you're patient and prepared to take it. I wish the best for you guys!
i really enjoy family traditions \ That is good. What are some of your favorites?
pumpkin patch picking. making thanksgiving dinner. opening gifts on christmas morning all together. \ Those are really cool traditions.
I just applied for a new job. \ that's cool. what kind of job did you apply for?
It's at a law firm. I am counting on getting it. \ that would be amazing. i hope it works out for you.
Proud of my mom. \ That's awesome! Why are you proud of her?
She decided to go back to school and studying nursing. \ Good for her. It's great that she is pursuing her dreams!
I miss my Grandma.  \ What happened to your grama?
She died when I was a kid from cancer.  \ I'm sorry to hear that ,were you close?
I met up with an old friend from school \ What did you guys get up to?
We just talked about the way things used to be \ What do you miss the most?
Just scared about my exam. \ Why's that?
I need a 90% to pass the course for the year. \ Sounds pretty tough
I had a horrible car wreck. \ That is awful. I hope you are okay!!!
I am but my arm is cut badly, I'm feeling quite bad \ I'm so sorry that happened to you. It must have been so scary.
I was at the mall yesterday. I sat down for a few minutes and when I looked away someone stole my shopping bags. \ Did you catch the person after?
No. I didn't notice right away. How could someone do that. Im so so mad! \ That is unreal, what did you have in the bags?
i really have a blessed life and i am so happy \ Well you must be very lucky then.
i have had a rough go of things during my life and i'm finally doing good \ Things seem to go in cycles, sometimes you just got to make it through the other side.
I was in a hospital and a guy game in with some really bad burns. \ oh my gosh. what happened to him?
No idea, but I had never seen something like that in person. It looked painful. \ i bet is was. are you ok?
I got a speeding ticket today and did not realize I was speeding. The look on the policeman's face though, was as if I robbed a bank ! \ Wow, how fast were you going?
I was going 44 in a 30.  I was late for work, and I guess it just slipped my mind.  \ That can happen to anyone though. It was speeding, but at least it wasn't wreckless driving!
I get my final grades for last semester this week and I am sure I did great. \ That is awesome. What is your future endeavor comprised of ?
It's going to be electric engineering. \ Thats quite the diverse field ! My son changed that major because it has too much Math involved. He graduated with an Infomatics degree
I really hated it when my dog got into the trash. It spilled everywhere. \ Yeah, thats rough. I hate having to clean up mess that wasn't my fault.
Yeah, it was pretty gross. A lot of rotten food. \ Yeah, that sounds annoying. Maybe try to scold the dog so they won't do it again?
Last week, I can't believe I forgot it was my best friend's birthday. I felt like I betrayed our friendship. \ Oh no! I did that last month. I still feel bad. Get them a gift to say sorry.
Definitely. I tried to make it up by shooting him a text message but I still feel bad. \ Give him a call too. It is a bit more personal.
This guy at work is really annoying me. \ What is he doing?
Nothing. Thats the problem everyone else is doing the majority of the work. \ Can't you report him?
The problem is, He is super close to the manager and she loves him because they have "a thing" going on and thats even more frustrating  \ That's no good.
I am going back to school after 15 years \ Wow that,s exciting! What are you planning on majoring in?
I was a psych major before. I am going to see how well that goes first. I might be too old to remember all that stuff \ That's a very interesting field. Are you nervous?
I am because everyone will probably be younger, but I am determined to get a degree. \ Much luck to you!
I had to keep faithful at the party. \ What was tempting you?
A beautiful young blonde girl, she wanted to kiss. \ Yes, that sounds quite hard!  Good for you for being faithful though!
I am really happy with life right now. Things just seem to always go my way! \ What went right last?
I got a promotion at work, and my health is good! \ Wow where are you working? That's amazing.
i hate being around negative people and situations \ I do too! Have you had a specific situation lately?
yes, work has been really negative lately \ That sucks. You can't really get away from that situation. Maybe look for a new job?
My husband cooked me my favorite food today! He never cooks! \ that is awesome. what did he make you?
Bacon egg and cheese on toast! It was amazing! He makes the best fried eggs. \ that sounds yummy. i'm glad you had that special treat.
I saw a dog running earlier, it was insane how fast she went! \ Do you know what kind of dog?
Miniature Pinscher! \ Those things can really fly on the ground.
I'm worried about my final exam. \ I'm sure you'll be fine if you study enough!
I did study hard I think I got above an 80%. \ Excellent I hope so
My bff cancelled our plans last minute \ I hate when that happens. It's such a bummer!
I know!  We'd been planning a night out for months. \ I'm sorry. You should go out and enjoy yourself and rub it in their face!
I saw a guy deadlift 700lbs at the gym the other day. I was in awe. \ Oh my god, that is a LOT of weight!
Yeah it is, it seemed like he had every plate in the gym on the bar. I've never seen someone lift that much in person before. \ That's really cool, I honestly can't even imagine someone lifting that much!
Hey man guess what i found my old Pooh Bear doll. \ Oh that's really cool. Was it from your childhood?
Yeah was such a crazy thing to find thought he was gone. \ Well I think it's really good you found such a cool think from your childhood
I really like my brother. I've looked after him since we were both little.  \ Thats good wish my brother was like that.
Yeah we are really good friends too.  \ Man that just makes me jealous some.
I drank the last of my roommate's beer last night. He still doesn't know. \ How likely is he to go ape shit?
Probably 11 on the 1 to 10 scale. \ You may want to replace that beer. lol
Me: I was driving to work and saw a black guy with dreads doing a wheely on a bike that looked like it was for a 12 year old. It was pretty impresive \ Oh yeah, I have seen those kind of micro bikes before. Takes some skill I suppose.
It was just a regular pedal bike \ Maybe that's all he could spare for. Still got to stunt whenever possible. 
I really love disney. \ Yep I like them too. Especially Frozen.
My favorite is 100 dalmatians. The movies from the 2000s were so nostalgic. \ Oh yea, that movie was one of my favorites when I was a child
My cat keeps knocking over my card sculptures.   \ I love cats, did you punish her?
I love them too. Its annoying but I just scold her since she's only a kitten. \ What is her name?
i am really excited about trying to have a baby with my husband \ Oh that's awesome. Finally ready for the baby? 
we have been trying for 6 years and haven't had any luck \ I see. That's a long time. I wish you the best of luck this time!
I'm going to ride a jet ski for the first time this weekend. \ that is so stinking awesome
Yeah I am excited and yet a bit nervous at the same time. Should be an experience. \ it will be an adrenaline rush for sure
I got to go to a cat cafe when no one else was around!  \ I've been to one before with my girlfriend, what an amazing experience eh?
It was! I was the only one around so all the cats came to spend time with me  \ Aren't you the luckiest? 
Last time I got really drunk, I told my girlfriend that I thought her best friend was really attractive. \ Oh no! I bet she was mad as heck
Actually, she wasn't. She knew I was drunk, and she had been talking about involving another partner in the bedroom. \ Oh hey! If it works out for you have fun
Last week, I had to wait in line forever for food at the mall. There was a lot of people around me and it made me very nervous! \ I always try and order my food and get it delivered.
I wish I could order food online at the mall while shopping but unfortunately, I don't think that's an option? \ There a bunch of apps that let you buy food online, you should check it out!
Once a year, we make sure our cellar is stocked with food and water. \ That is a great idea for when emergencies happen!
It truly is, we just want to be ready for anything! \ Yes, that is a smart plan. Knowing that we cannot foresee the future, it is a good idea to be prepared.
Maybe one day i'll make enough money for my family. \ Are you not able to make ends meet right now?
It is very hard, but i know one day it'll turn around \ That's a good attitude to have!  Stay strong!
I went on my first roller coaster last month! I was scared out of my mind and was sweating bullets! \ I would never be able to do that!
Yeah, I don't think I will do that again! \ Stay on the ground my friend.
I am really excited for this weekend \ That's great! What do you have planned?
my whole family is getting together for my moms birthday.  Im excited to see all of my family members.  it should be a lot of fun \ That does sound like a lot of fun!
I visited my old high school yesterday \ That had to be a weird feeling.  How was it?
I was suprised. It really brought back a lot of fond memories.  \ I can imagine.  Ive never been back to mine, but i can still picture in my mind what it looks like
My coworkers are really annoying.  \ Uh oh! I would hate that 
Yeah they talk like they know it all but they are terrible at their jobs.  \ That's always got to be the worst thing to deal with
I walked out to my car theo ther day and felt something hit my face.  \ Really? What was it?
A GIANT SPIDER! It was terrible and I was so startled!  \ Oh gross! I would be startled too!
Feeling quite confident going in to this exam. \ Oh yeah? What is the exam for? I hope you do well.
It's a calculus exam, I need to score over a 60%. \ Oh man I always found calculus to be really tough. I'm glad you seem confident. 
When I can home, my cat was laying on the pile of laundry that I had pulled out of the dryer before work. Now it's covered in hair. \ You must be mad at the cat for that.
Well it's pretty inconvenient, that's for sure. Nothing I can really do about it now. Just got to keep the door closed I guess.  \ You got too, my cats dont do that thankfully.
I cant wait to take some time off of work. I have an awesome beach trip coming up next week. \ Thats awesome.  Make sure you wear sunscreen.  Dont want to get burned
That would be the worst. I cant wait to just lay around all day drinking cold beers on the beach. \ I need some time off of work too.  Maybe I should take a vacation!
I went to my high school reunion the other day and got myself into some trouble \ Uh oh. A little too much to drink?
Yea, and I cheated on my wife with my high school girlfriend.  I dont know if I should tell her.  I feel bad about it \ That is about as bad as it can get right there. I think you might have to tell her. The guilt will eat you alive.
it was suprising when i saw this guy eat a 3 lbs burger the other day \ Wow he must have been hungry as hell.
yea and he got a free t shirt \ oh it was one of those chalenges things?
I got a divorce a few years back. It was pretty rough \ how are you doing now ?
Doing much better. It took about a year to finally get it official but life goes on you know? \ yea thats good though that you are moving forward
This ref had the gall to call off my goal. \ Damn was it a bogus call or what
It was, he couldn't see the angle it went in at. \ Well I hope you'll have a better ref next time...just keep hustling
I'm a patient guy...but if there's one thing I can't stand it's a stupid person who is stubborn about their own stupidity \ I agree, they think they're so smart but they are not!
Like a friend turning down my advice, even though I've been down that road too many times to count...go ahead, keep throwing yourself in the fire I'm not the one getting burned buddy boy \ Exactly you got it, they will make their mistakes.
I miss when I was younger.  \ I know the feeling.  I wish i could go back to being little again
Yeah, back then I was able to stay up all night an be just fine! \ yea and I didnt have to go to work!
I was on vacation last week and for the most part the trip was good.  except for one small part \ What was the bad thing about it?
I saw a ghost at the hotel.  After that I couldnt fall asleep.  They told me the next day it was haunted.  I was so scared \ Man that does sound scary! I hope that it didn't follow you home!
Before I got my dog, my life felt empty. He's my best friend now ! \ That's great! He sounds like a good addition in your life.
My life is now complete. He's so trustworthy and listens to everything I say to him lol.  \ Awe I love my dog too, she's really sweet. Well except my dog doesn't listen, so I guess your dog beats mine, lol.
Today when I went into my roommate's office to fix the internet, I noticed the collar of his old cat that passed away. I miss her. \ I am so sorry to hear that. We need memories of our fur babies to help us in our grief. 
Yeah, she wasn't my favorite cat, but I still miss her. Cancer sucks.  \ People do not realize that Animals can get cancer too.  Its more common than we may think. 
Other people always have more food than me. \ Are you jealous of them?
I just can not even think about them right now! \ That sucks, i just had a massive meal myself.
I feel good about my applications. \ Hopefully you do well with it!
It's for university, I got a good feeling personally, just want to get started. \ You will get in and do great things!
My best friend moved away. I was not happy. \ Oh no, where to? That is hard.
Yes, and he may never come back. \ Oh no, where to? That is hard.
I really miss my dog. We had to put her down. \ That sucks. What was his name?
Barney. He was such a good boy. \ Barney was the name of my hamster.
I had a really bad lunch yesterday. \ ohno, what did you have? what was bad about it?
It was pizza that I usually like, but they must have changed their recipied because the sauce tasted like vomit.  \ ewww that sounds disgusting.  I would have complained
I spent the whole day trying to help my friend find his dog \ That was really nice of you. Did you find it?
nope.  i was really upset that we couldnt find him \ Well keep looking and maybe check the local animal shelters if you haven't already.
Greetings!  A while back we had a groundhog make a little den underneath our deck to have it's babies.  We were going to call animal control but decided to wait because I thought it'd be more human.  After a couple weeks they left on their own. \ That's pretty compassionate of you!
Excuse me I meant humane*!  Sorry about that.  But yes, I felt bad for it.  I read that sometimes relocation can be very hard for the animal and it may die because it's so disoriented. \ Do you have any pets of your own? you sound like an animal person
When I hear 80s instrumentals and it reminds me of my family's Christmas karaoke nights, good times :)) \ Good times indeed!  Those were the days.  It seems cliche to say they were simpler times because I remember them saying that back then about when they were younger.  History repeats itself.
Absolutely. \ When I think of Christmas with families I tend to think about National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.  A classic.
I'm meeting with my boss tommorrow.  \ how come? is everything alright?
I think so. I'm praying that they are going to give me a raise! \ that would be great. i'm hoping all goes well with you.
i have a doctor's appointment and i'm so scared \ I hope everything goes well! What are you worried about?
my health has not been great lately and i'm worried something really bad is wrong. \ Well I hope that it is nothing serious. 
I was sweeping the living room today and found a roach! Ugh. \ Gross! Out of all the bugs that I find in my house, those would be the worse.
I know! I feel like I need to bomb my house!!! \ Knowing roaches, they'd probably survive it, seeing as they can pretty much survive anything!
My little brother was sad and didn't think he would pass his summer school this year. \ Oh no! Did he pass?
He did and I'm so happy for him! \ That's great!! Hopefully he will do good in school this year and not have to go to summer school again!
I tutored my little cousin in math. He made an A on his test. He did so much better than before. \ That's great! 
Yea I think He will continue to improve. It feels great knowing he can achieve if he tries. \ I hope he does!
I was at the store the other day and some old man offered to pay for my drink! He said he didn't want anything in return, he was feeling generous! \ Wow. I wish something like that would happen to me. That is so cool.
It was! I just wish I could do something to repay him. I hope I see him again. \ Maybe you can pay it forward next time you see someone buying a drink.
Sometimes an old song runs through my head and I remember the times where I used to listen to songs so many times that I memorized the words \ That sounds nice. It's always good to remember better times. What kind of music?
Like old kind of emo songs, full of angst and whatnot \ Ha, I used to listen to that stuff back in high school. The My Chemical Romance gets me every time.
The other night when I was taking my dog out to go to the bathroom really late. I heard some rustling in the bushes and panicked. \ Guess you dog isn't one that's going to take the bullet?
Oh she was ready to fight whatever it was, but she was on a leash thankfully. No, I'm just really easily started, all that anxiety over an armadillo. Im so ashamed lol. \ lol I've never seen an armadillo but that sounds freaky!
i was scared walking home the other day \ Why was that?
there were werewolves following me \ Are you sure they were werewolves and not regular wolves?
My coworker got a raise over me.  \ when is the beat down scheduled for and how can i help?
I don't think we need to go that far. I'm just jealous because I do much better job than her.  \ no no, we need revenge. think about it and let me know
Expecting the worst and hoping for the best has always worked out in my favor.   \ I think that way too!
How so \ If you expect the worst, you won't be disappointed. 
The garbage collector did not take my trash today. \ Hate when that happens...if it happens more than once you can file a complaint with the city council
I should!  I am so upset about it! \ Or next time stand in the garbageman's way at your neighbor's to confront him about it haha
Just got home from class and she's gone. \ who? is everything alright?
My cat sally. she is my true love I'm hurt right now. \ oh my goodness i'm so sorry. i really hope she comes back soon
i hope to be able to get my finances in order by the end of the year \ Do you have a plan made up?
i'm working on it  \ I think you can do this, I'm proud of you.
thank you so much i'm really trying. \ Whats your first step in the plan to get back on track?
I downloaded some old Nintendo games last weekend. I havent played some of those games since I was a little kid. \ I love Nintendo, I use to play every time.
I even remembered some of the levels after all that time. It really brought me back. \ What game did you play?
I am shocked that it isn't rained today. \ I know. The news said it was 100% but nothing so far.
We really need the rain, my grass is turning brown. \ It cool things off a little bit too. We could use it.
I went to the beach even thou I hate the water. \ Well, at least there is sand!
Yes but I didn't want to be close to the water. \ Why is that? Are you scared of something in the water?
I honestly didn't expect free movie tickets when I tried buying my tickets yesterday, it kind of caught me off guard. \ I was pleased and shocked at the same time, I will take it!
My roommate had sex on my bed.  \ were you in bed with your roommate ?
No! It was with some rando he picked up on Tinder \ oh yuk. next time threesome! goodluck
it was impressive seeing someone eat a 3 lbs burger the other day \ That is impressive! Where they ok afterwards?
nah they were puking like a waterfall  \ That's what they get for eating that much food!
I had to give a speech in front of a few of my friends, I was nervous but really comfortable and I knew I could do it \ I'm sure you did great! I hate public speeking.
I absolutely hate public speaking. I did alright, but I was sweating at the end \ I bet! Well it over now and I'm sure you did great!
I found an injured bird in my yard today, it was only a baby to! \ Did you help it?
Yes, I had to call my local wildlife rescue center to come get it. I hope its okay, they said they think it has a broken wing. \ I hope it get's better! That sounded harsh
My boyfriend has been spending a lot of time with a new friend he met at work. \ Is the friend a female?
Yes it is and I don't like it at all. \ Should you be worried?
I got pulled over by the police earlier. \ Oh shoot! That's never fun. Did you get a ticket?
No, I am so thankful he didn't give me one. \ That was very lucky!
She just drove off after hitting my cat. \ Dammmnn is your cat ok??
No she passed away I'm so sad right now. \ That is f***king ridiculous I would've chased that car down and beat the living s**t out of the driver
Detachment from the outcome is key to my personal success. Because even though I don't get my way one time, I know the odds will be better the next couple of times around it's how lady luck works \ You sound like you'd be a good therapist.
Thanks.  I've just learned the hard way so many times that I've had to flip my paradigm on it's head and eat humble pie \ It's been to be humble than rude or mean, that's my motto.
I spent some time with my middle daughter by taking her to ice cream. She is so sweet and lovely. We had a very special time.  \ That's great that you had such a good time. You sound like a good parent!
It is hard, but my kids are happy and they know I love them. I think that is the most important thing.  \ That really is. When I comes down to it what a kid wants most from a parent is love. 
I'm worried about the end of the world \ Oh no! Why are you worried about that?
Because it's coming! I'm ready for it though because I have bunch of supplies to survive.  \ Well it is good that you are prepared. It is always important to have extra supplies in case of an emergency. 
Last night I saw Shin Lim's new performance on AGT!  Right before his performance he put out a video on YouTube and let everyone know it was about to happen.  It was great. \ Whoa!  I saw his initial performance and was blown away!  That must have been amazing to see!
Yea it was really good.  I was also really happy to know that he may start doing regular illusions and not just card magic. \ That is good news!  I'm sure you will look forward to it as will I
I was walking out of the store the other day and walked right into the glass pane! It was so clean, I didn't realize the door wasn't open! Talk about humiliating! \ Oh no!  I remember doing something similar when I was younger.  There was a pool outside of our screen door.  I went to run and jump into the pool from in the house and smashed right through it!
Yeah, there was no "cool" way to play it off either.  I swallowed my pride and left as quickly as possible. \ Gotta roll with it!  Just play it off at that point.
Stupid stubborn people are....the worst. Like, Stupid people still have hope, you can convince them if they are humble enough...but a stupid person with an ego is like trying to wash dishes with cat piss and horse sh*t \ know it all people drive me nuts too
Yes there has to be a balance \ people need to learn and be humble honeslty
i really miss my family \ Are you a college student? Or just living far away from them
i live 800 miles away from my family \ Wow that's pretty far...do you call/facetime them during the week?
I have a friend coming over soon and I keep checking out the window to see if theyre here yet. \ what do you all have planned
I am making dinner for the both of us. I have a roast in the oven. It smells so good I can't wait until it is ready.  \ that sounds nice, must be a really good "friend"
i was crushed when i couldnt get the day off \ Oh no, that sucks man. I hope you didn't miss out on too much when you had to go into work.
i didnt.. i ended up being sick that day. *cough* *cough* \ Oh well that is convenient, good thing that they didn't remember that it was the day that you had requested off. Lol.
I was embarassed when my pants fell down in class \ How did that happen? I am so sorry.
I just had a big pair of pants I guess, I was a skinny kid \ Well at least it sounds like you lost some weight. Dont let it get to you that much though.
I had a really good job interview. It is so nerve racking waiting for the call to see if I got it or not. \ what is the job for?
I interviewed for a bank branch manager job. I wish they would just call me now. \ oh wow, well best of luck!
My boss is the absolute best! \ why is that?
They have been a really good mentor and friend. \ good, any plans of leaving?
I am super excited for the upcoming super smash bros! \ Hey me too! What are you looking forward to the most about it!
all the new characters! \ Yeah it's going to be great!
I was very anxious to start driving at 16. \ I know that feeling. It's nerve racking trying to incorporate everything you learned at the DMV in real time.
It really is. It's like I can't remember all the rules of the road. \ It's also scary thinking about getting in a car accident the whole time, that would definitely get me nervous.
Yesterday during the storm, a tree branch fell on our roof and I am lost for words. \ Oh no! I'm so sorry!
Yeah, it didn't look so bad to be honest but I think we have to reshingle our roof. \ That is not fun. Hopefully it will not be too hard.
i was scared the other night when i had to walk home alone \ why is that?
cause werewolves were chasing me  \ that is great reason!
I hope the new super smash bros will be really good! \ oh yea its out in december right ?
yup, december 7th \ its gonna be epic 
I am so mad at my cat right now. She has been urinating in the house everyday. \ Oh no, I've never had a cat because my husband and brother are allergic. Is she trying to mark her terriorty?
I have no idea. I just had the carpets cleaned and she did again. I have about had enough of that cat. \ I bet! Maybe get her checked and see if she has a UTI or if its just behavioral.  Ask on your local pet page if its normal for cats.
My boss finally noticed my hard work and gave me a pay raise! \ What a fantastic feeling. Where you expecting that?
No not at all! I'm excited because now I can plan a family vacation for this winter. \ Well then. What a great surprise. It sounds like you deserved it.
People never listen to me when i talk. \ why is that?
I wonder myself every single day. \ oh, well just talk louder!
I am thinking the eagles can win it all again this year! \ I'm more of a dallas fan myself.
boo, well best of luck to you \ We will for sure win this year!
I am proud of my brother for graduating high school, it is common but still an accomplishment \ It sure is.  It is an important step in this road we call life.
that is true, it is not to be taken for granted \ And now he can focus on the next phase of his life.  Which should be exciting
We had a car alarm go off at work and I started getting upset that no one was turning it off.  Then I discovered it was from my car.   \ why did it go off?
Just a false alarm like most other times.  I felt pretty stupid getting mad at the others \ oh, well you live and you learn
I have a deadline at work coming up. \ For what kind of project?
It is top-secret. But every time I try and get serious work done, my co-workers won't leave me alone. \ Did you tell them to leave you alone?
Some dude..because I live in a ghetto city..thought it was okay to pull up on my property beeping until I came out..smoking his cig with ashes in my driveway \ That is a strange scenario. Do you live in chicago.
 Makes me so angry at how UNCOUTH people are here. NOPE I live in michigan \ Oh wow, yeah that is a pretty terrible place. Your should get out.
I dropped my son off at daycare for the first time this week. \ Nice. What was his first day?
Monday.  It was the first time I've been away from him for more than a couple hours \ How it went for hime? Did he cry?
My landlord didn't want to repair the ceiling. He take the rent but he doesn't want to make any reparations. \ I would be so frustrated.  Do you have any way to make him do the necessary fixes?
I can sue him but it can be a very long process. I am looking to move to another appartment. This is making very mad. \ I don't blame you!  It might cost more to sue than to break the lease and move.
I make a lot of money at my job.  \ I am happy for you.
Thanks! It feels really good to provide for my family and give them everything they need.  \ I wish you the most success.
I have to make a cheesecake later. \ That sounds really good! I'm kind of jealous1
I am so ready to do it! \ What kind of cheesecake are you thinking of eating?
i've got a doctor's appointment tommorow that i've been worried about all week \ Oh no. Whats wrong? Why are you going?
i'm having some health issues that have me really worried \ I'm sorry I hope it nothing serious. I hope it just seems bad but is easily fixable. 
My roommate has been gone all week. I don't have anything to do without him here. \ what about doing something you enjoy? 
It's just not the same doing something by myself. I don't have anyone to go do stuff with.  \ i know it can be tough but maybe trying something new or outside your comfort zone might give you an enjoyable experience
I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away \ I know exactly how you feel. Sometimes it is for the best if they are suffering though.
that is true, still hurts a lot \ Oh definitely. I can say that it does get better with time. 
I forgot that I had a math exam yesterday and didnt study. I ended up making an A on it. I couldnt believe it. \ wow, that is awesome, go you!
I just had to laugh because I so thought I was gonna bomb it. \ well sometimes luck is in your favor!
all of my kids will be in school this year \ That is exciting! You'll have some free mommy time or be able to go to work while they are in school. 
Mommy time first. I need that so badly \ Defenitly! Plus the first few week of school can be hectic, it'll be nice to have that downtime after you drop them off.
We just adopted a dog from the shelter last week and I think she is sick with parvo. \ What is parvo?
It's a deadly dog illness, basically a virus that often leads to death. We think she caught it at the shelter. \ That's terrible. Can you confirm it?
Yes, they have to do a fecal sample and test it. We take her in tomorrow to see. \ I hope she is okay. 
I cannot wait to see Taylor Swift in concert! \ My wife, LOVES taylor swift. 
I actually went to high school with her. I cannot believe she is as famous as she is. \ That is awesome, I went to high school with Brett Favre! Small world.
I play video games, and I always expect to win. \ I expect that too, but it is not always the case.
I just have to think ahead and make sure it's something that I achieve. \ Yes, you do. You can do it!
The chain on the necklace my boyfriend gave me broke and I lost the pendant \ Where were you when you noticed that is broke? Maybe it's possible to find it!
I only noticed once I got home from work. It most have broke somewhere on my walk home from work \ I'm sure you feel terrible about it. I hope you can find a replacement for it or have it fixed!
I have an interview with my boss tomorrow about my performance. I've compiled all of my work from the past month as well as great reviews from our clients! \ That's great. Maybe a promotion or a raise in on the horizon?
I'm hoping for both! but I'll take just the raise!! \ Well I hope that it goes well for you!
I am sad, it is my birthday and I feel really sick \ oh that sucks .. celebrate during the weekend
i am planning on it, I am not sure what else to do \ there is always next year!
i was ready for that job interview \ How did it go?
i didnt get the job, i wasnt prepared at all  \ oh, I am sorry to hear that...
I am so hype for the new super smash bros \ MY little cousins are too. They love that game
it is so fun, it is addicting \ I have watched them before but never played.
Today was the third day of school and we were late \ why is that?
MY car quit and I had to wait for a ride. I was so embarassed \ that is not in your control!
I just saw the Statue of Liberty today.  \ how was it?
It was actually pretty cool! \ awesome, get any pictures?
I am excited for the new super smash bros, it will be so good! \ Yeah me to. It's going to be so great!
I am excited for the new super smash bros, it will be so good! \ I think the new characters will be really cool to play with. 
i'm so happy with the life i have i'm honestly blessed \ Thats pretty cool...what's the number one thing you're most grateful for
my husband and the life we've made together \ That's great, I'm thankful for my self-employed status and all the money I'm making for my future family.  Wish y'all the best
I used to be on Adderall and if the dosage was too high I would get jumpy and paranoid \ i can totally relate. i'm currently on a medication that has me feeling mentally, emotionally, and physically ill
So glad to be off them...I'm mentally more focused, more productive, and get better quality sleep :) \ i'm switching to my new pill tomorrow and i'm hoping that i will have better results
I had to euthanize my dog of 11 years last month, I still think about him every day. \ I'm sorry to hear that, I have two dogs and know how they become part of the family.
Thanks for realizing my pain. It saddens me that I these lovely companions can't live with us forever.  \ I know, it's defenitly painful to have to go through but its part of life. Maybe get a new puppy to start loving/sharing life with, shelters have so many dogs that need homes!
We are planning on going on a cruise in December! \ How ever so exciting! is this your first cruise?
No, I went on one in highschool but first one with my husband and daughter. It's has been so fun planning it together! \ I hope you have a great trip and cherish the time with your family!
I came home today and my roommate was cooking dinner, all i had to do was fix my plate. It was so nice. \ well that was mighty nice of them, you wash dishes ?
I sure did, and the food was delicious. I'll have to surprise him with dinner next time. \ thats cool
i was sad when i couldnt get the day off \ Oh okay, sorry about not getting off for work. I hope the new pizza place is good at least. 
im gonna burn that baby to the ground \ Uhhhhh..... you okay man? I advise against arson.
I am hoping the eagles can win another superbowl this year \ Wouldnt that be something... I suppose you're a massive fan of them
for sure, all of my walls are covered in pictures and jerseys \ That is some dedication, will you go to watch it live in the stadium?
I was caught having an affair last week when my wife unexpectedly came home early. \ why did you do that?
I wasn't thinking straight. I am beyond ashamed of my actions right now.  \ i would be too
My new neighbors slam their doors all day and night \ That is very annoying. Did you talk to them?
no. i don't think they are very nice \ Did you try to talk to your landlord?
Last week, me and my husband had an argument. He slapped me. Since then, I am very scared of him. \ That's terible. Did you call the police? There has to be consequences
I didn't. I still love him. He was very angry. It will probably not happened again. \ It still could and it could be worse. I hope not for your sake
We are suppose to be having a bad storm this weekend.  \ this summer's weather has been really intense here and honestly a little scary
Yes, makes you wonder if its global warming. I have been stocking up on food and supplies. Ready for the worst.  \ i hope it doesn't get too bad near you
i feel so proud of all that my husband and i have accomplished together \ Aww thats great! Sounds like you two are a power couple!
he is the perfect balance to set off my strengths and weaknesses \ Sounds like you two are the perfect match, cherish your marriage.
I got a promotion last month, thank god. \ That's great to hear. Did you have to wait a long time to get it?
I got a promotion last month, thank god. \ Oh, well I am very happy for you. I bet you were celebrating when you heard the good news!
I applied for a job that really interested me. I found out what kind of candidate they wanted and made sure to prepare very well for the interview. \ After the interview was over I though it went very well. I am so confident I will get the job any day now!
I always feel happy sharing lunch with somebody special \ I agree, its one of best smallest things in life that make it worth it
Yes, that is way I always try to do it \ Yup, I make it a point to have dinner with a friend every now and then
I wrecked havoc in my house in a drunken rage last night \ Oh that dont sound really good
I agree, I am ashamed once I woke up in the morning and saw the aftermath of my actions. I will never drink again \ I think you make a wise decision, never drink too much again
I'm really good at my job.  \ you better be cause im coming for it
Like you even compare! None of my coworkers are as good as me! \ you wanna put some cash on it or what
i was scared to walk home last night \ Oh that's too bad. Maybe you could have someone walk with you?
i should have taken my gat with me, next time i'll be strapped, fo sho. \ Whatever makes you feel safe!
Watching my old sparring videos I'm kind of amazed at how fast and lethal I was, knocking around guys twice my size...I was only 140lbs and I'm 185 now, I wonder how I'll do in the ring :)) \ I bet you'll have a little extra power now
Yes probably...might have to get the stamina back up...but I was pounding the crap out of this 300lb Everlast bag without even loading up it felt great \ That's awesome!  You should get back to work and kick some butt :)
Man this weekend might be weird \ Why weird
We're taking the kids to the amusement park and I'm scared of the coasters haha \ Oh haha well that'll be interesting...at least the kids will feel good that they were braver than Mommy hahaha
I was at an autograph session with Tom Brady and I was getting my picture taken. \ Ah I am an eagles fan, but we finally got you this year
Yeah everybody got me that day.  Turns out my zipper was down and he noticed.  EVeryone there laughed at me. \ that is funny, you gotta be aware when in the presence of greatness
I am happy with my life right now \ Good.  It's important that we all feel satsified with our situations.
that is for sure, I am for now though \ Well I hope nothing changes, and you stay happy forever!
My husband just got called back into work, was not expecting that! \ Why did he get called back in?
Someone stole some gear, so they called everyone back to investiage. We had just sat down to eat dinner to! \ Wow, did he get paid for it?
I am ready for the new pokemon game, it looks like it will be amazing \ I've never been into pokemon but my brother is a big fan. When does the game come out?
it comes out in november I believe \ Thanks! Maybe I will get it for his birthday in November. I will have to look into it.
it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something \ You should use it as fuel and keep going.
i have tried to do that but i've run out of gas on this \ Then you need something to motivate you. Try watching the Rocky II
I just prepared an amazing plate of mac and cheese. \ my sister loves mac and cheese. she would probably live off of that if given the chance
It is so good if you add the right amount of pepper.  \ i like paprika in my mac and cheese
OOOh boy I'm getting my bags packed and ready to go! \ Are you leaving on a jet plane?  I am guessing you are going on vacation?
Yup!  Vacation!  We're taking my 3 year old nephew to Florida in a couple weeks! \ Nice.  I love Florida.  What part of the state are you going to?
I was on the other side of the country on a work trip by myself.  I felt very isolated and had no one to hang out with for a 2 weeks. \ You could have gone to a bar and found some friends 
That is true, but I am not the best at meeting new people. \ That's what the alcohol is for lol
I'm interviewing for a higher position at my job I am so excited.  \ Nice! I hope you get this job if you worked hard for it
I have and thanks so much I know I got this I'm positive of that all my hard work will pay off and I'm going to do great on Monday for the interview. \ Just have faith in your abilities and the rest will come by itself
I saw a hurricane coming towards my house and there was nothing I could do than to evacuate  \ Oh wow I hope you are save did you have to evacuate to a shelter or to family house away?
We evacuated to my parents house many miles away. Safe to say, it was a terrifying ordeal \ Glad you and your family is safe and let's just hope the storm passes by and cause no damage to home town.
Some guy cut me off in traffic today and caused me to swerve and hit a sign board \ Did it tear up your car?
yes, and it will cost me thousands of dollar. I am really angry right now. \ The guy didnt even stop did he?
MY oldest daughter is so sweet. \ Aw, I bet she makes your life so much more happier. 
She does. She is helpful and never complains \ You must have taught her to be very well behaved
i was mad when i didnt get the day off \ Oh shucks that's bad!  Did you call in sick?
i quit that mofo. \ oh haha.  Awesome!  Now what are you gonna do?
Man this weekend is gonna be awesome.  Can't wait! \ what are you gonna do 
We're taking the kids to the lake! \ oh that sounds nice
My friend's went on vacation for a week and I got to watch their super adorable puppy for a week! \ That's awesome! I love dog sitting no matter the occasion!
Yea, they're fun even when they're jerks lol. He's a little Jack Russell so he's got quite the energy \ That sounds like a good way to have fun and get some exercise!
I had been losing pretty bad on this video game Dirt Rally. But recently, with some extra practice, I'm starting to hit the leader boards! \ Awesome! I've never been able to sit that long, so getting really good at video games is hard for me
Well, no matter what you're doing, it's always great to keep practicing and get better. I feel like I can take on anyone now! \ That's neat. I wish I had your motivation for...well...everything else in life.
I lost my work ID card yesterday. \ Oh no, were you able to get into you work ?
I haven't needed to enter the building since I last had it. I'm very embarrassed to admit this mistake because I recently started. \ I'm sure you will not be the first or the last to lose one of those.  My husband has lost his a few times as well.  Hopefully it's a simple process to get a new one made.
My husband  had to go out of town for work so I've been home alone this week. \ Oh, I'm sure that's a bit boring have you had fun stuff to do?
No, actually I've been having the worst time.  I know I'm perfectly safe, but I feel like someone is going to break in or something.  I cannot sleep at all at night and end up sleeping during the day. \ I'm sorry to hear that. If your neighborhood is rough take precautions, otherwise maybe try to find a tea or something to help sooth.
I just bought a brand new necklace and shirt. \ What kind of necklace did you purchase? It's good to treat yourself some times.
Not sure I just though it looked cool. Hopefully it gets me noticed. \ You will just make sure you have your nice new shirt on with that cool necklace and you will be all eyes lol.
My oldest is a chef and it is moving to see how far she has grown the past year. \ I'm sure its always fun to view the progress of your creations.
It is and me and my family got to see those great creation this weekend she made us a fabulous dinner.  \ That sounds nice, having someone prepare a meal for you can be fun.
I put on a pair of shorts I havent worn in a while and I found $20. That never happens to me. \ Lucky! I love when that happens! 
I always hear about it happening to others but never me. I got myself a good lunch with that. \ Yum, sounds like a good use of the money! Hopefully you find some more spare money haha
My dog keeps having accidents in the house! I'm getting fustrated. \ It could be a medical problem. Make sure its checked out.
Thank you, I will. I think she is doing it to mark her territory, it started when we brought a new dog home. \ Ohh I see. That is super annoying. Hopefully she gets over this phase and they get along.
I drank wine and ate my favorite dish after a long time since I came from my tour \ I imagine that was a pleasure that was simple at one time, but one you really appreciated when you came back. Thanks for your service!
Thank you. I was really content in that moment, and realized there is so much beauty in the small things in life that we, sometimes, take for granted. \ Absolutely! It can often take really significant events to happen before we realize it too. 
When I was promoted to Team Leader at work, I really felt like all my hard work had paid off, to some extent, and I gave myself a little pat on the back. \ You must have really proud of yourself. Its good to acknowledge your own achievements from time to time.
Yes, and it can be difficult at times to move up at places, especially when there are many other long timers there! \ I agree, which is why getting into that position can be so gratifying. Hopefully you maintain that level of hard work that got you there.
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ Oh no, what happened?
my brother left the gate open and my dog got out, needless to say my brother got beatdown. \ That sucks, I hope you found your dog.
I can't wait to go to the water park this weekend. \ oh that sounds nice
Yes, my kids love it so they are going to be so happy when we get there. \ sounds like a great time, hopefully its not too hot out there
Before signing the contract, the landlord made promises that he will do some reparations but he never kept his word. \ What a bummer. Landlords suck for the most part. 
I agree with you. I am looking to move now. I don't want to deal with him. \ Do you have a lease?
This guy "friend" my ex was talking to all of the time made me uncofortable \ I understand. Me too, I don't like people talking too much.
It's weird and uncomfortable. Especialy  when there is a past there  \ Are you still seeing him?
About the same time last year, I went out with a friend for a sushi, it was a very pleasantly spent time. \ oh yea.. whats happened since then
Not much really, we just had a small chat, but it just felt really satisfying. \ oh well that sounds pleasant
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ Did he give her a haircut?
no he didnt feed him and he died \ How long did you live her with him for?
Man I forgot to tip my waitress last weekend \ Oh no. Did the waitress realize it before you left?
I don't think so.  she was busy.  \ I see. Well if you go there again, be sure to leave her a bigger one!
I left some bread in the fridge too long and it got all moldy \ ewwww did you eat it??
Nope! Threw it right out! Was so gross to see. \ haha I bet.  Did it smell too?
Smelled awful! lol \ Should have fed it to the birds!!
That's a good idea! I'll try that next (if there IS a next time haha). \ haha hopefully not :D
I have a good feeling tomorrow will be fun. We are going to a new restaurant in town \ Oh yeah? What kind of restaurant? 
Its a new burrito place \ Oh cool, I hope it ends up being nice and tasty.
I'm just laying in bed with a scented candle burning in my room and my cat on my lap, things couldn't be any better. \ That sounds like heaven to me as well
Yeah my kitty is just purring away, we're having a good time watching youtube. \ I have a cat too close to me, they are the best
My mom sent my daughter a toy I played with when I was a child! \ Oh thoughtful ! Did she enjoy playing with it ?
Yes, it was neat to see her play with it. It'll make some great photos, since I have one of me playing with it at her age. \ Its quite wonderful to share your childhood memories with your children isn't it ?
My car fuel gauge is not working. It left me on the side of the road without gas in the middle of nowhere ! \ Oh wow that sounds scary, I hope your alright? 
Yes, I played the radio, until someone I knew passed by to stop to inquire. Good thing I live in a small town where everyone knows me  \ Thats great, glad someone you knew passed by. Hope its not going to be expensive to fix.
Hey, I have some good news.  \ What is that?
I think my house might finally be sold! ahhh \ Nice, how much did you get for it?
I was at home and last minute my dad took me to the Yankees game. \ That is so thoughtful of him, did you guys catch a ball? 
No, but it was still fun. \ I am sure it was! :) 
Like Scarface said, "There's no one I trust but ME!"....I'm the only person who's never failed me, I'm the most trustworthy guy I know \ I'm very glad you can rely on yourself!  I def trust you already.
Thanks for your kind words.  Now kindly give me your bank account info and social security number ;)) \ I'll email you right away, keep a look out for that :-)
My sister is pregnant!  I can't believe I'm going to have another niece or nephew \ That is pretty exciting :) do you have kids of your own
I have a son, he's one.  I also have one niece and one nephew already \ Nice looks like you're gonna be racking up some babysitting hours..lol hope you're ready 
I get more stoked about my future when I get the cheat codes to life unexpectedly.  \ Nicde
Yes these days been feeling like Neo in the Matrix.  You ever get that feeling \ No, I never had.
I have a coworker sitting next to me that has very frequently his finger inside his nose. \ Man that's pretty gross
Yes, I know. I try most of time to not look in his direction. \ I would switch computers...or ask him if he's found gold yet
Six months ago my boyfriend proposed to me and we are getting married next month. I can't wait \ Congratulations. Are you going on a hollywood
On a honeymoon, lol? Not right away. He is totally the man of my dreams. I'm so lucky \ Well I am happy for you
My brother bought me dinner tonight. It was a nice gesture \ That was really nice. I hope you had a good dinner.
It was very good indeed \ Sounds like you have a really nice brother. You are very lucky!
I saw a magic show the other day and was the guy was fantastic.  I could not believe some of the stuff he was doing \ That's interesting, I haven't seen a good magic show in a while.
He seemed like he should big in a much bigger stage.  He was that good \ Very cool, I hope more people continue to recognize his talent and he gets the acclaim he deserves.
When I was much younger, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. I need to send her something. \ Sounds like a great lady.  I am glad you are appreciative of her 
Absolutely, I get busy at times but I think it's important to remember the people who got me here. \ Yes it is.  You should take her out to dinner or something to say thank you.
My birthday was last week.  \ Happy birthday! Did you have fun?
When I got to work, my office was decorated and full of balloons. \ That sounds like a lot of fun. You have some pretty great coworkers!
I feel really bad because I hate my boyfriends parents.  \ I know how that is. What happened?
They are just so aweful to him, but he doesn't seem to realize how little they care about him.  \ That is so sad. I have dealt with something similar. Good luck!
She gets on to me for stupid stuff \ Ive been there. It gets old real quick.
For sure! I work with the state so I'm trying to hang in there for the retirement. \ Just try and keep a low profile and stay busy. 
My girlfriend got me concert tickets to see my favorite band this weekend. She told me they were sold out. \ How did she get them if they were sold out?
Thats only what she told me. She waited until my birthday today to say that she was actually able to get them. \ Wow thats awsome man. Who are you seeing?
When I woke up this morning there were TWO spiders on my bed. \ That sounds horrible, and scary
I have no idea how long'd been there.  I just can't get over that there was more than one. \ What did you do after
I had to cancel lunch this morning with a relative. I still feel bad about it \ Aw, I hate it when that happens, but I bet the relative understands.  Sometimes things come up.
I hope they do \ They've probably been on the other side of this situation before.
I have hope that this weekend will be fun. I am off and hope to do something fun \ Sounds fun!  Where ya headed to?
I hope to a brewery or two \ Oh cool.  Sounds like fun!  Be safe!
My nephew starts 10th grade this year! \ Are you excited for them
Yeah!  He plays football this year too! \ That sounds like a good year to me
Just got accepted to Yale! \ That's awesome! What are you going to study?
I'm going to study some business administration. \ That's really cool! Good luck!
I found my girlfriend having sex with my best friend \ That's awful I'm sorry to hear that, what are you planning on doing?
Not talking to either of them again for a start.  \ Definitely, I'd look to move on if I was you.
My sister's been going through a bit of a hard time lately, so today I baked her a big ol pumpkin pie. \ I love me some pumpkin pie, whats she going through?
She was laid off recently and her guinea pig died, which she had for a pretty long time. And yeah, I made a pumpkin pie because that's one of my favorites. \ I'm sorry to hear that, I love animals. I hope she cheers up.
Just sent out all my applications to school. \ Are you nervous about which schools you might get accepted for, or do you feel good about it?
I'm feeling confident because my GPA is 4.0. \ Oh wow, yeah you should have no problem! I did just fine with way worse than that.
i would fear my gift  \ tell me more about this
my partner gave me a an i phone it is very memorable and pleasure to me \ if its an older iphone i would treasure it 
yes but its a valuable gift to me  \ everyone values things differently
i would rather starve than eat mcdonalds \ tell me more about this
i am a wendy's guy, i find their food much more satisfying \ but i would less satisfied
it annoys me that my wife keeps giving our son a stick even though he hurts himself every single time \ Why don't you say something?
i did, she calls me a helicopter parent and just laughs at me \ That isn't nice.
I am afraid of clowns. \ oh gosh, me too!! especially the clown from the movie IT
Yes I saw that movie and cried. \ i slept with a light on for a couple of night lol
My husband might loose his job, I'm not sure what we will do if he does.  \ That is terrible. Why do you think that he will lose his job?
The company is downsizing and cutting a lot of departments. His hasn't been cut yet but there are rumors! \ I understand. That is very stressful. Did he started looking for another jod? It could be solution.
When I lost 20 pounds, I was very happy of my achievement. \ I bet, that is a great achievment! Loosing weight is hard! Keeping it off is even harder. 
Yes, I know. It is very difficult for me to keep it off. I am trying very hard. \ You can do it! Keep up the hard work :)
My resilience / drive to succeed is an asset I'm never letting go of...It's gotten me this far and I'm financially independent, have great friends, and am eating well everyday \ You sound inspirational my friend.
Thanks for the kind words.  I just live everyday like it's my last because my parents brought me here to live the dream \ Where are you living your dream out at?
Just got let go from my hockey team. \ Sry to hear that....what happened
I wasn't good enough so they cut me.  \ Hey well I bet you're talented at other things...just stack your paper and you'll have the last laugh
My boss called me into his office the other day and told me I was getting 12 hours of leave!  I had no idea I was getting it and was quite taken aback! \ Did your boss tell you why?
I guess my metrics were all better than my coworkers.  It was a great little bonus! \ Oh so it was a positive thing...that's great, well I hope you enjoy your mini vacation :)
I look forward and never back, up and never down...turn every frown upside down cuz what's life if ya can't chase the crown ;) \ Um, you seem really upbeat and happy!
upbeat and happy I'm undefeated Mike Tyson vs larry time's slow when u crabby I just want a girl who's not flabby \ Are you really excited about somthing going on in your life?
I went for a run tonight despite feeling super depressed these past two weeks. \ Did it feel good to get back out?
It felt amazing, I'm so happy I was able to push myself onto the right track. \ How far did you end up running tonight?
I got cut from the soccer team over my friend. \ That sucks so much. I hope there isn't any tension between you and your friend.
There is I'm quite jealous now of him. \ I hope you can both work it out, it would be awful for a friendship to end over something like that.
When one of my coworker was at the hospital, I went multiple times to visit him. \ What happened to him
He had a knee surgery. He had a torn anterior cruciate ligament.  \ That sounds very painful. I am sure they were glad you came with them
I got a bonus at work today. It was a nice shock \ That is very good news. It means that you are doing a great job.
I hope so. I hope to get more of them \ What are you planning to do with the money?
Very stoked that I just got my tickets for Halloween Horror Nights this year. \ I love Halloween, what is horrors night?
It's a Halloween festival at Universal Studios. \ That's fun, do the ghosts chase you around?
Just took a bite at this restaurant and my burger had a tomato, gross. \ Ah you aren't a big fan of tomatos?
Nope they are disgusting, I'm getting my money back. \ Yes, if you requested no tomato, you should get a refund!
I'm ecstatic like Matt Hughes slammin Newton on the mat it's a fact haters mad cuz I got dapper swag got the ladies stariin like who daaat \ What does that even mean?
Worker_2 confused bemused got juked like OJ I got the juice too fast for you I'm killing rhymes like Seuss Ok I'm the accused Jodie Foster Oh guess I lost ya \ Interesting, what caused you to do that?
I really dislike chocolate cake but my mom got me some. \ What's your favorite kind of cake flavor
I love vanilla, I was quite let down in that moment. \ Ice ice baby widen your horizons maybe can't identify with the girl or guy who shy's away from chocolate cake b***h u craayy
Man I tried something GROSS the other night \ What was it?
Eggplant!!  So gross!  Have you ever tried it? \ Yeah and I understand. It's not for everybody!
I'm really scared of going down to my basement.  \ lol why?
It's so dark and creepy down there. \ lol.  Do you think there are monsters down there?
Maybe.... \ You should turn the lights on!
I just had my air conditioning system cleaned out because it wasn't working right. Wow, the junk that came out of it was awful. The owner before me never used filters. \ Did you call him to complain about that?
No, since its my house and they missed it in inspection, there wasn't much I could talk to him about.  It was gross.  Dirt, dust, and gobs of pet hair.  I was breathing it the whole time! \ That's awful, my air conditioner is cleaned thankfully. 
It's so nice to just relax by the beach,. \ I'm right there with you!  That is the best thing in the world! Are you there now?  I'm talking to my husband about moving to the beach permanently.
I'm there now, laying in a hammock loving life. \ I'm so jealous!  I haven't been in years now!  Breathe in the salt air for me!
My good friend doesnt have a car right now. I lent him mine to use in the evenings to get to work. \ You must be a savior to him, is he paying you for that?
He is just a good friend and I know he would do the same if I were in that position. I know he will treat my vehicle very carefully.  \ Very true, I hope he knows how lucky he is.
I feel good about the chances of making this hockey team. \ Have you been working hard in the off season?
I have been, did tons of squats earlier. \ You sound very confident. Sounds like you put in the work. Good luck.
My son sits around all weekend and eats everything.  \ Tell him to get out and do something! That must be frustrating. 
Well, he pays rent but he definitely uses up more resources than he pays for.  \ Its hard being a parent... but i am sure you are doing it right! 
I made an authentic peruvian dish the other day. it was awesome!  \ I love peruvian food! What did you make?
I made lomo saltado ( i hope i spelled that right lol ) it turned out great. i love south american food  \ That green sauce with the cilantro and the jalepenos is the best! What is lomo?
Its steak strips, with ajis onions peppers tomatoes.. almost like a stir fry but better!  \ Yum! I have all the ingredients for the chicken, I might make that now instead of the bbq chicken, thanks for the idea. 
I just took the bar exam this week. \ That is great how do you think you did?
I did awesome! \ Congratulations that is so awesome to have passed such a intense exam.
I took a big end of the semester exam it had 200 questions I was so nervous. \ How did you do?
I was so stun to see I only missed 7 out of 200 I was so happy to have aced my test. \ Oh wow! Congrats! That's great!
my kids get on my nerves when it comes to dinner time \ Uh oh! Are they picky?
Now they only want fast food. Thats not cheap \ That's not cheap at all! 
I found out my childhood cat passed away  \ Thats sad. I love cats
I do too, it was so sad.  \ How old was the cat?
My upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. Sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make. \ Are you gonna complain to someone about it?
I already told her. The landlord also told her  but she does care \ I am sorry to hear that then...
I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, it still hurts me a lot \ I understand. I had the same feeling. When did she passed away?
in 2011, so a few years ago now \ How old was she when she passed away?
We went out shopping for school supplies and backpacks and my two kiddos are get to go!  \ good stuff, you picked a good time to do it!
Yeah, I like being prepared and they start next Monday! \ wow that is pretty soon, it snuck up on me
I am scared of horror movies, I never could tolerate them \ Me too!  I used to be able to watch some when I was younger but then I realized I was torturing myself because I hate them!
Yeah, they are just no fun to watch in my opinon \ I agree.  They literally haunt you forever.
I ate a PB&J sandwich yesterday and it reminded me so much of childhood days. \ Why is that?
I used to eat them so much as a kid, but never as an adult. \ oh, that makes sense. why yesterday then?
I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it \ Oh I am sorry to hear that. You must have been close to her.
I was yes, but I guess that is life sometimes \ Yes, at least you have those memories of her to cherish and hold forever.
I worked for a company for 5 years and I found a new job that paid better. I worked out the last of my shifts but I felt bad for leaving a company that was so good to me. \ I get that, but money talks at the end of the day
Absolutely, I felt bad but the company I was working for did not offer the same benefits of the new company. \ That is what it comes down to sometimes!
I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I still am not over it \ That is always tough to deal with.  Time can help, but it can't get you over the loss of a loved one.
It is, and time heals all, but very slowly \ I agree.  Things can always get better, just remember her and honor her the best that you can.
My daughter is such a talented and creative young artist. When she was nominated to be 'Most Artistic' at school, I felt very secure she would win, because she really is amazing! \ Thats awesome. Did she?
She did! I know I'm the parent so can be biased, but it's really so impressive how well she draws, paints, shades.... \ I bet you are so proud. I would definitely be
I am working parent who also goes to school. It can be tough \ I can imagine so! I bet you are one tired person when you hit the bed at night!
I am. But this is the first semester that all of the kids will be at school in the day time. I am going to kill it this semester \ I hope you do! I really wish you the best.
I am ready to play the new mario party game, I wish it would hurry up and release! \ I bet that will be fun. Do you do that a lot
Play games? Yes, very often \ I need to game more when I can
I am going to do well at work tomorrow. I am prepared for it \ Well with what?
I have a team meeting \ Well best of luck!
I am proud of my girlfriend for getting a new job, she makes more than me now \ That's awesome!   What does she do?
she works with special needs students \ That's amazing!  What a commendable job!  Good for her!
I was going through my attic yesterday \ What happened?
I found my old Nintendo (NES) that I used to play as a kid!  So many memories! \ Wow I love nintendo, you should get an NES classic!
When growing up, I was repeatedly told that emotions are for the girls, but now I know that emotions are a big part of everybody's lives. \ It is it's something we all have as humans it's not defined by gender show off your emotions proud.
Yes, and it's a good news for us all. \ It really is why would someone make you feel like it was for girls only especially being young but you are great now.
My brother in law stole from me and my husband I am so mad. \ He should be ashamed for himself, did he say why he did it?
No we haven't seen him or he won't return none of the family calls he took our $500 and disappeared,  \ Well, on the other hand you can think of this situation, as if you just paid $500 to a person to never bother you again.
i was at this major store and the lady ahd like 4 items on the belt , and i wanted to put mines on but she would not move hers \ Oh wow, sorry to hear, that was really rude of her.
that was very stupid of her , it seemed kind of racist to me \ Some people can take things so far. I hate it when they do that.
that store is notorious for rude shoppers though \ I am the type of person that gets what I have to buy and get out of the store. 
I was so excited when my oldest daughter came home from college to visit. \ proud parent right , do you miss her during the year ?
Yes, I sure do. She is so smart. Taking courses for graphic arts while working a job with her major.  \ one day my child will make me proud like that
We have five two in college and two in high school and one in pre school. They all make us proud. Children are such great blessings. \ thats a lot of kids, god bless
Today, I lost my wallet. I am mad at myself. \ I am so sorry to hear it! 
I think I lost it at the TimHortons when I was paying for my coffee. I should have left there. \ Hopefully you can go back and get it! 
I was very ready for my first car crash \ Why?
I had all the paperwork set and ready, I had a blanket cause it was in the winter. \ What happened after your car crashed?
I found my old Nintendo at my parents. I had so much fun playing it last week. \ That sounds like a lot of fun! What were some of your favorite games to play?
I play Super Mario Brothers and Metroid. I even remembered most of the levels. It was really cool. \ That is really cool. It's nice that you could rediscover a bit of your childhood. 
I just got a raise at work! \ Thats great news. Where you expecting it?
Yeah I sort of was because I've been working really hard at work! \ Well that is great. Sounds like you really deserved it.
My cable costs me 100 dollars a month \ That's a rip off at that price.
IT is. Plus, I can never find anything to watch! \ Did you ever try netflix? It's great.
Just got dumped by the girl. \ Thats too bad
It was on christmas no less, tragic really. \ wow. thats kind of cruel
I cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good! \ What is that game about
it is a fighting game with lots of nintendo characters \ That sounds really fun, I am sure it will be good
I was shocked in a good way at the weather this morning. It felt nice outside \ that is good, it has been hot here recently
It has, so it was a nice change \ that is good, cherish that stuff while it lasts!
My girlfriend is so supportive. \ That is very nice to have someone providing support
I opened up to her about my depression. \ Good. It is important to be open about all subject. Is she accepting it?
At work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. I can't breath. \ Did you tell him about it or no?
I can't tell him. I don't want to make any trouble. \ You should tell him he will like you for it.
My friend is getting a new truck tomorrow. I wanted it so bad \ Aww dangit!  Maybe he'll let you drive it
I hope so, I would love that \ And then just keep driving and don't take it back lol
I found my old yearbook yesterday \ How did that make you feel
It brough back some old memories of school!  I miss some of my friends. \ I have been there. It is nice to have those memories
I have a big job interview coming up. I am so nervous I almost dont want to go. Its kind of scary to think about. \ i get that, I have one coming up as well
I dont know what to do. My nerves are really bad. \ just stay calm and collected, talk slowly, gather your thought
I was surprised when my parents got me a car as my graduation present, it was not expected \ That is so awesome. I hope you show them how grateful you are.
I try to the best I can! \ Well I am sure you deserve it. Just take real good care of it.
Just sent in my application to Burger King, feeling good. \ That is great you should follow up with them in a few days.
I plan on it, it's a manager position too. \ I was going to ask if it was for a manager that is awesome you got this they will be hiring you on the spot.
My husband is in the service and he leaves when on active duty I be missing him so much. \ Have you hugged him recently?
No he has been gone for 5 months now I can't wait to hug him though so for now I sleep in his shirts it seems like the closet I can get and it is so dear to me to wear it. \ I'm sorry to hear that, he is a brave man.
Have you been to a circus? \ I have.  It was a long time ago.  I had a lot of fun watching it with my daughter but I always feel sad for the animals, until I found out that the circus I went to helps injured animals have a home.
operation free the circus animals! \ Yes!  I'm very much against animal cruelty but not every circus is bad thankfully.  Do you love the circus?
Someone got shot near my house the other day. I am terrified now and want to move. \ Did you see the person that got shot when it happened?
No, I didn't see anything.  Just heard it and the police came by to see if we saw anything or had any information.  The shooter knew the person and had a big problem with them which kind of made me feel better that it wasn't a random shooter, but still!  This neighborhood is usually so nice! \ Where do you live?
Some of my daughters classmates in pre-k have been crying since the first day of school. \ Oh no! Are they just scared?
I guess. My daughter has done well since the first day. She was excited about school \ I'm so happy for her! Hopefully everything goes well for her
Last night a fly got into the bedroom and wouldn't stop trying to land on my face  \ Flies are so annoying
It was terrible! Right as I was about to fall asleep the dang thing would land on my nose! \ I had that problem with a mosquito once. I woke up with a bite on the tip of my nose
Hey, how's it going? \ Going good...what's up with you.
Nothing much. Just thinking about the time when I was still in college and had exams, and how hard that was. Sitting there wishing I was going to get an A at the end of it \ So how did  you do? Did the hard work pay off for you?
I was driving through flood waters and my car stalled out. \ Holy cow. I hate when that happens. It happens a lot here since I live near the ocean. How did it end up?
I was sitting in water nearly up to the windows and someone in a big truck came and pulled me out. \ Wow, how lucky. How did you end up thanking that person?
I left my dog alone in the house when I went to get the mail. While I was gone she got in the cat box and ate the cat poop, super gross. \ I would have hated to clean that up. I wonder why they do that?
There was nothing to clean.... she definitely swallowed it. I stuck her outside cause I can't even think about dealing with her licking anything right now. Gives me the hebbie jibbes thinking about it. \ Yea that is so gross but also kind of funny. I cant help but laugh.
I was up for promotion this year. I lost out to another coworker. I really thought I had it. \ Oh no, I'm sorry man. Hopefully next time. Were you at least able to reach out and see what you could improve upon? 
I got some good feed back. I really thought I had it though. Just a little bummed out. \ I bet that is pretty disappointing. Maybe some ice cream will make you feel better.
Another one of my friends got engaged \ You are saying it as if it's a bad thing, are you left without friends?
i feel left out \ My friend just stay strong, family and kids can suck you life away(not always of course).
Yesterday I woke up in such a great mood, that I was ready to face any problem or opportunity. \ Did something ruin it?
Nothing really, except some indigestion much later in the day. \ well thats not too bad
I was stressing over my accounting final today, but all that stress was for nothing. \ I guess you got an A?
I got a 95% on it! Looks like all those extra study sessions paid off! \ Well done, what other exams are left?
Do you remember your first time realizing hat people can actually lie? \ I can't think of a certain moment that the idea clicked. It seems like I've always known they can.
Lucky you, I have a sharp memory of that moment. \ What was that moment for you?
I have been traveling for a month now. I am starting to miss my family and friends. \ Where have you been traveling
Im in Vietnam right now. This hostel I am in is so empty.  \ Oh that sounds very exotic
I am going to feel pretty alone this weekend, My friends are going out of town \ Maybe you can catch up on some sleep?
I will need some for sure, good idea \ I know it will feel lonely but a good weekend to recharge will do some good.
My husband gets back from a month long business trip on Friday! I'm really looking forward to it! \ Are yall gonna go on a date?
I hope so!  Gotta get my parents to take the kids and I was thinking of making his favorite dinner myself. \ what is the dinner?
I am gonna eat some chocolate cake! \ Yum!!!!! I literally just watched a recipe on how to make a vegan chocolate cake so I'm craving one!  With tons of icing!
Yea, thats what I'm gonna get! \ Yum! Have a piece for me!!
I have been practicing my speech for days now. \ Do you have to give a big speech soon?
I have the perfect delivery and all the talking points drilled down. I will be impressive \ That's the way to go! Practice and practice until you're confident and then the real thing will be a breeze.
I recently sat down and went through some old love letters I wrote my wife when we were younger. Talk about brought back so many memories of when we were young and life was so simple. \ Yeah that must have been a trip down memory lane.
Life is a lot more complicated now, but I'd say we still have a great life! \ Well you are one of the lucky ones then
I inherited my grandfathers watch when he passed. I like to wear it as a reminder of him. \ I bet he would be proud
I would hope so. He was a great person. I can still see him putting that watch on in the morning. \ It will always be a nice reminder then
I was pretty happy tonight. I got some wings and beer \ You got some good new? 
I just liked drinking and eating with friends tonight \ I cant think of better way to have fun with friends. Sounds like a great time.
I hate when my son doesnt take a nap during the day. \ Why?
at night he is so irritated and it irritates me \ I understand. He need to rest and take a nap.
When I was kid, I was exhorting money from a kid that lived in my neighborhood. Now, I feel bad about it. \ You should. Thats not nice
When I was kid, I didn't think about how bad is it to do that. Now, I understand. \ well i hope you learned your lesson
I am very lucky to have healthy, happy children. There is so much sickness and sadness in the world today. \ Health is truly a blessing! How old are your children? 
I have 4. They are 21, 19, 17, and 14. It makes me so sad to watch tv or be on the internet and see all the children living in poverty or with diseases like cancer.  \ I agree. I can't imagine what it must be like to be a parent and go through that. 
I absolutely hate olives. The other day I was eating a salad I got from Whole Foods and somehow a stray black olive was in there. >:( \ Eww! I really hate olives also. What things do you like in your salad?
I really like mixed greens with shredded carrots, onions, broccoli, almonds or pumpkin seeds, avocado...ah I could go on and on!  \ I'm just a plain salad person, but I do like my bacon bits and croutons in a salad. Also some carrots.
So itt was me who spent hours in a work seminar with my zipper down and shirt on backwards lol. \ Im sorry but I am laughing. I bet you were so embarrassed. 
It is pretty funny now but at the time I was red face it was awkward I know lot's of people noticed it lol. \ I would imagine. Just own it and wear it like a badge. 
I really nervous right now. I am waiting on a phone call to see if I got a job I interviewed for. \ That is very tense to be waiting on that kind of call you got this positive thoughts only. What position is it for?
It is for a manager position. I just wish they would call soon. Its hard waiting around. \ Just be patient you aced it and you will get that position and call soon. 
I am so ready to move!  \ Where are you moving to?
I am moving to California! I have everything ready to go!  \ I love California.
My team, the Yankees won last night. \ Cool who were they up against? 
They played the Kansas City Royals. \ Nice! 
My nephew starts 10th grade this year \ Ohhhh sophomore year can be tough. How do you feel about that?
Pretty proud of him!  He's starting the football team too! \ Wow. He's taking on quite a lot, but it'll be good for building his character as he gets older!
My wife is getting checked at the hospital. We might be getting good news! \ Oh that's awesome!   Congrats!!
Not yet. We don't know if it's going be a little one or she's just having weird stomach pangs lol. \ I hope it's a baby!!!! Good luck!
When I was a teenager, I was exhorting money from kids in my neighborhood. Now, I feel bad about it. \ Oh wow, how were you doing that? 
I was stronger because they were just kids. \ I'm sorry you feel bad about it now. I'm not really sure what I can say, it's not like you can change the past. You could try volunteering. 
My cat puked up a hairball this morning and I had to clean it up. \ That is horrible. Does he puke up hairball often?
She pukes up hairballs every now and then I have some salmon flavored jelly i can feed her, but it happens so infrequently I forget to. \ I understand.
My husband has been out of town for work for the past few days.  It's been a bit interesting. \ Why so interestin?
Well, I did not realize how different it would be to be alone in the house for a few days.  I don't really like it much. \ I know the feeling. Do you huys get to talk?
Today wasnt a good day \ Why was it not a good day? What happened?
The doctor recommended hospice for my grandad today \ Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.  My father in law had to have hospice and although it's not what you want to hear, the people that work with hospice are really a lifeline for the family.
I cannot wait for tomorrow night. We are going to a cigar bar \ That sounds like a lot of fun I have never been to one before.
They are really fun, even for first timers \ I may to check one out. I like trying out new places.
I have test coming up tomorrow. I just know I am going to do very well. \ What kind of test is it
Its a math test. I usually do very well with that subject. \ I hope you do well
I am doing to do well tomorrow at work. I am prepared for a meeting \ oh yea what is the meeting about ?
Its a team meeting for sales \ oh that sounds interesting, good luck
it was supring to see someone eat a 3 lbs burger \ I have seen them eat bigger
um ok \ Why that response?
I have to go to the dmv on friday. I am nervous about it \ Why are you nervous?
I hate going to that place \ Yes, the lines are a pain.
My wi-fi just started working again, that makes me very happy. \ Its nice to have the internet
How did people live without it just a couple decades ago? \ I cannot even imagine
My stepmom called today with some bad news.  News I was not expecting at all. \ What was the news?
It seems that my father had a stroke.  He's only 64!  We are headed up there tomorrow to see how he's doing. \ That's so tragic, did the doctor say what happened?
This test is going to be difficult. \ Have you been studying for it?  I hope you do well.
I have been studying quite hard actually. \ Then hopefully you will do really well on it.  It's normal to be a bit apprehensive before a big test though.
Sunflower seed and sunny weather is a good combination for a relaxed day do you afree? \ Sounds very relaxing to me, as long as my allergies don't act up.
That's right we have to keep those in mind. \ I always keep some propolis pills with me just in case.
It's storming really badly outside at the moment. \ Really, where is that?
I'm here in South Korea for work at the moment. A typhoon is coming. \ Well at least you are not in the middle of the flight.
Yesterday, I was in a situation where I had to stand up for myself. \ What happened that made you have to do that?
Just some drunken guy, tried to attack me. \ OH goodness!  Are you ok?
My husband works really hard for our family and makes good money.  We've made choices to give our kids experiences rather than have the biggest house. \ Very wise of you, experiences are all that matters.
But sometimes it is  hard going over to our friend's big homes and seeing another way to live as well. \ I see, but you do realize that happiness for the most part is immaterial, right?
I knew there is a chance for some sun later in the day, when I went out yesterday. \ I enjoy sunny weather too.
Yes, how do people live in those cloudy cities like Seattle?  \ They must enjoy the rain.
I stole a bottle of wine from the store. \ Do you feel guilty now?
Yes, I feel really guilty about it! \ How are you going to make up for it?
So, I lied to my girlfriend about how much education I had \ why would you do that
Well because she's a little older and I felt like I was lagging behind her in life \ I am not sure I get it
My first day of my senior year impressed me when I met the new science teacher. He was cool and made it easy for everyone \ I love it when teachers are down to earth and easy to get along with. What did you like most about him?
he was witty and nice \ That's pretty cool. Do you guys still keep in touch?
I wish, but no \ Sorry to hear that. I hope you've had good teachers since then.
I am moving to a different city soon, I feel a bit depressed about that. \ Oh no, I'm sorry hun. I hope you're at least moving for a good reason like better opportunities. 
Yes, it should at least be better for me financially.  \ Well there is at least one positive. Maybe you could try joining some meet up groups to help you acclimate. 
When I left the bathroom in high school once I had toilet paper stuck to my shoe. \ I bet it was very embarrassing?
Yeah it sure was, you know how mean teenagers can be. It's like they have no empathy or think about what if it was them. \ It's alright we've all been there many times.
Have you ever woken up like like you are ready to conquer the world today? \ I do almost everyday I feel like that is a great mindset to have to make your day successful.
I am glad we have this in common, many people are so negative in this world. \ They are but to just be able to continue throughout another day is a great feeling.
I love going to museums and art galleries the art and sculptures is a sight to see.  \ I agree, do you have a favorite artist?
I love Vincent van Gogh his paintings are so moving and a lot of the art shows are close to his creativeness.  \ Yes, he is great no wonder his work is so expensive.
I was going through old items and came across a card from my mom.  \ What a nice surprise. What was the card for?
It was a birthday card from a while ago. I started to cry and think about how I wish I could visit her more often. \ What is limiting your ability to visit?
I recently had to take a test for work. I knew I would do well because I was prepared. \ That's good. Did you find out the results of the test?
Not yet. I should find out within the next week. \ Good luck on the exam! 
Some things in my life can only be described by word - providence.  \ What does providence mean?
Means something extraordinary, like higher power. \ Okay, tell me more about that.
My coworker just got a huge raise. \ Are you happy for him?
Yes, but I am so envious of him. \ Don't be, it's a destructive emotion. 
I feel happy for my brother that he is a good photographer. \ That's great. Does he do photography as a job or a hobby?
Just as a hobby. But he's good at it. \ Maybe he can turn it into a career and make a lot of money!
I visited the great pyramid recently. I'm amazed at what ancient humans were capable of building. Quite fascinating. \ Isn't it grand, I bet we no very little authentic information about them.
I wouldn't be surprised. While I do trust the experts, I'm sure there is a lot they don't know. It's still kind of a mystery as to how they built it. \ I bet they are much older than we believe them to be.
When my car would not start the other morning, it was pretty sad \ I would be sad about that! I'm so sorry
Yeah, it was just a rough time \ Did you finally get it working ?
I got a new type of pizza I wanted to try \ What kind of pizza is it?
A normal pepperoni but it was terrible! \ Thats never good, I love pizza
i am out of dr pepper and I am so peeved right now \ Is doctor pepper your favorite?
it is. it is mu cigarette dipped in coffee. And my daughter drank my last one! \ That's awful, sorry to hear that. I love me some Sprite.
Just got back from my dads first day at school, so proud. \ Thats interesting
He started nursing, I'm happy for him. \ Thats awesome. How was the first day for him?
A few years ago I went on vacation to Aruba. It was the best trip ever!  \ oh wow, i wish i could go there, do you plan to return one day ?
Oh definitely! Maybe even next year.  \ that is something i hope to do one day as well. good luck
i was ready for that intervlew last week \ That's the best way to go in to an interview. How do you think it went?
i ended up getting a job offer. \ Oh congratulations! What kind of job? 
My dog passed away last month. I am still feeling pretty down about it. \ I am so sorry. It happens to everyone and no one is ever prepared for it
Its almost like  I thought he would live with me forever. He was there for most of my life. \ Thats the only bad thing about having animals, you are going to outlive them
My cat was acting weird earlier. It was starting to scare me a bit \ Is you cat ok now? What do you think it is?
He was just running around. I guess that is normal \ Most likely. They can be skittish little things.
I'm so proud my cat beat cancer. \ That's awesome!  Congrats!!
Thank you! She had been fighting for 15 years. \ Wow!  That's a long hard battle!  Poor little kitty
Man we're going to the amusement park this weekend \ Which amusement park?
six flags.  I've never rode a coaster before! \ Roller coasters are fun but you should stay safe too.
Yeah!  Maybe if I try one I'll like it. \ What other rides should you take?
I really miss my family and friends.  \ I'm sorry to hear that. Did something happen to make you miss them?
Yeah I live in a new state.  \ Oh no! That is hard, I have the same issue. How far away did you move?
I have to shop after work and I can be really spacy, one time I left my purse in the shopping cart with all my cards and phone in it. \ Omg! I am the same way... i always end up putting my list down while shopping. Where are you going? 
I was at the store. I drove off but luckily, when I came back, someone had turned it in, with everything in it. \ Thats so kind of them! 
When we lived in an apartment, we had a lady with a dog above us. \ That's one thing I don't miss is having someone stay above me did they dog make lot's of noise?
Not too bad, but she would let him go out onto her deck. One day he peed out there and it went all over our deck, our grill, everything basically! \ That is so rude and disgusting I know you was a tad bit furious. 
I have a cruise planned for me and my family labor day weekend.  \ That sounds wonderful!  I've never been on a cruise, I bet you are excited and ready to go!
Me either it will be a first for us all I am very excited only thing we are not arranged and ready yet we still have lot's to do. \ I know that feeling all too well.  Too much to do and not enough time to do it all, and certain things you can't do until the week of.  Hopefully you will get it all done and then you guys will have a great time!
There is a drug dealer selling drugs in my building. I am very afraid when I have to get out or in. \ That would make me SO angry. What kind of drugs is it? I would make sure the police took him out.
The police doesn't come in my neighborhood. They are too afraid to come. \ Well I have the same issue..they aren't afraid..they're just corrupt..but I just yell at those people myself. I don't put up with the ghetto corrupt crap
A dude pulled up halfway in my driveway, beeping at me UNTIL I came out..like 50 times! Smoking and leaving his ashes everywhere \ Is he a pervert?
He certainly gave me the creeps. Likely. He wanted to buy the rack off of a truck I have in the driveway. He can drive on by! .I am a woman..home alone..Seriously? I am so tired of people in poor areas behaving ghetto..Acting like they have zero couth and respect for others property! \ Did you call the police?
my sister used to live in the apartment across the hall from me \ That's great!  Did she move recently?  Do you miss her?
She moved recently. Its pretty lonely over here now \ I'm sorry.  That can be so tough when you're used to her being so close.  Did she move far away?
I won a vacation sweepstakes! I am shocked! \ wow. Where are you going?
An all-inclusive resort for 5 nights in Florida.  I couldn't believe it since I NEVER win anything. \ omg. that is going to  be so nice
My girlfriend is so supportive. \ It is good to have someone that can provide support. Do you have a depression?
I do, often sad and she helps me a lot. \ It is very nice from her.
