Lol I didn't know squat, but my buddy knew every freaking question! \ Wow, impressive!  I'd have to get some category like Kids or Nutrition to know much of anything. ha ha
I just lost my dog. My ex got him in the divorce \ That sucks, will she not let you see the dog at all?
No we are not on speaking terms, It's pretty unfair, thankfully we didn't have a kid together. \ Yes, that is probably a positive.
I am afraid of bats, I can't even watch Batman movies. \ That is awful, those movies are pretty good minus the george clooney and ben afflack films.
I wouldn't know. I haven't seen any. \ You need to go see them and overcome your fear of bats
I just lost my job. It really sucks \ I'm sorry to hear that, hopefully you qualify for unemployment while you get back on your feet.
Me too... I thinking about suing my boss though because they had no reason to fire me! \ Are you in a right to work state? Here in my state they don't have to have a reason.
Getting a new debit card takes so long and really is a hassle. \ Yeah it really does. It's even worse to try and close those accounts!
They don't want to. I lost mine or it was stolen. But all my autopay bills are at a standstill and the companies are not happy about it. \ Man that sounds really stressful...
Hi! I had ear surgery a few months ago \ Did it went well?
Yeah it went really well actually, the result was better than I had hoped for in fact! \ That is great. What was the issue with your ear?
At work, two coworkers are making too much noise. They are bothering me in my work. \ Oh no! I have the same problem at my work! How do you deal with it?
I don't know. I already told them in very nice way but they still carry on making too much noise. \ Yeah it can be hard. I resorted to wearing noise cancelling headphones myself!
i have a doctor's appointment on thursday that has me a little worried \ I'm sure it'll go fine! Are you doing okay?
no. i have a bunch of health issues going on \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope the doctor can give you some treatment options. 
My sister got a promotion at work last week! \ oh that is awesome. what does she do?
She is an accountant for a college in Alaska. She's been working their for years so I'm glad they saw her dedication :) \ that is great. my sister is an account too. she's also the office manager.
I was so happy when my wife surprised me with preseason football tickets.  \ Now that's quite a gift! Are you going to take her to any games as a thank you?
Oh yeah, I definitely want her to join me. We've gone to a lot of tailgate events, too. Going to be a great football season! \ I've been looking forward to it starting too. Not a lot going on at the moment. But that's wonderful to hear!
My friend wrote a creative writing piece that I helped edit, and it won her a scholarship. I was so proud, like a dad, even though we're roughly the same age. \ Congrats to your friend! That is an amazing accomplishment.
Yeah it was! I joke with her that I should get a portion of the money since I told her she had a really good piece and that she should submit it. She wasn't originally going to. \ I would be proud of her too! Hopefully her success continues. You sound like a good friend!
I had to go to the bar alone, it was very sad. \ Well, even going by yourself you can always have a good time, especially with alcohol involved! Did you end up having fun?
I did not, I had no one to talk to. \ That's when you drink more and talk to everyone around you and make a good time for yourself!
My girlfriend recently went on a business trip for a week, I was very lonely during this experience. \ What did you do to pass the time?
I mainly just played video games and watched tv. \ I love video games.
At work, we went together for lunch. When it was time to pay, I notice that I forgot my wallet at the office. \ What happens next.
I felt a little bit ashamed. I asked to a cowoker if he could pay. He did. I paid him back at the office. \ Well I guess it worked itself out. 
Sometimes I'm nervous to play this game.  Because if it's someone who can't hold a conversation I get the feeling of wanting to strangle them on the other side of the computer. And I'm really not that kind of guy \ I undersand. Do you want to strangle me?
Not yet \ Good.
i was scared to walk home alone \ How come?
cause it was dark and a wooded area \ That does sound scary.  I would have used my phone flashlight
We were cleaning out my parents house the other day and found some pretty cool stuff \ brought back some old memories?
Yea, some pictures of my grandparents.  It was amazing to see them so young \ thats nice
I got a "thank you" card sent to me from a co-worker in a different department for helping them. \ That was nice of you to help them.  What did you do to help?
Kinda tough to condense,  shared file access across multiple people where a network drive wouldn't work.   We had something in place for that but not many people know about it.  So i had to setup some stuff and train 4 people. \ Wow, that sounds really complicated.  I could never do that.  Id send you a thank you card too
I am always super amazed when people have real talent \ What talents do you speak of?
We went to a circus last night and i saw a guy juggling chainsaws.  It was crazy.  I would never try doing that \ That's pretty cool.   Do you go to the circus often?
i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage. \ That's amazing to hear.  There is nothing like a great relationship!
i've had horrible relationships in the past so it makes me appreciate my husband so much more. \ Bad ones definatley make the good one a treasure.  Have you been together long?
6 years of amazing ups and wons \ That is a good long time!  I am sure you have many more ahead of you!
i sure hope so. i am very blessed. \ When you appreciate something that much it's sure to continue that way!  I've been married 19 years and love almost every minute!
My eldest son is off and is starting his first year in college.  Im so nervous for him! \ don't be. i'm sure you raised him right. he will be starting his new adventure
I think it's more stressful for me than it is for him!  I just want the best for him, just not used to not being there with him. \ i'm sure he's cool as a cucumber while you are a nervous wreck. it will be fine.
Thanks!  I m sure it will be to just have to get over it and let him grow up.  Gotta lose the control freak in me at some point right? \ it will be find. have a little fiath in him and you will see
Cant wait to see what he can do,  Its exciting too!   \ it's very exciting. i wish you both all the best.
I have trouble remembering a time I was more incredibly overwhelmed with excitement than when I got the Nintendo 64 for Christmas all those years ago. \ I remember that console, that's old school.
It sure is now, but back then it was the cream of the crop. You can bet that I stayed up a few hours past my bedtime to play it that evening. \ Those were the good old days!
I forgot to make my student loan payment this month. \ Ah, that's unfortunate. That can be really tough to remember sometimes. I know because I've forgotten that too. But you'll make it up as soon as you can, I'm sure!
I'm scared it will affect my credit score. \ As long as it's not too delinquent, and you have an otherwise good history of on-time payments, you should be okay! Try talking to your loan servicer, too. They can help.
I moved over the weekend.  Although it took about 5 hours to load the truck, when we unloaded the next day it took a little under an hour. \ you made quick work out of that
Yeah, I was really happy that the unloading took as little time as it did. \ i wish i could unload that fast
i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door \ Did they leave a note or anything?  I would be really upset too.  Were there any cameras that could have seen who did it?
they didnt leave a note, just a dent :( \ Thats the worst.  I would feel so awful if I left a dent and fleed the scene of the crime.  Hopefully the guilt is eating away at that person.
I should really stop expecting so much from people in this game. I get a good partner convo going, thinking that every conversation will be the same...then I get some idiot and lose all hope in humanity \ I'm sorry to hear that. 
Don't be sorry...just bring something fun to the table! \ I will try my best.
I accidentally passed gas while talking to a coworker. \ Well that's...kinda funny not gonna lie
I felt very ashamed at the time. \ haha well hey it happens to the best of us...I do it around my friends all the time
I'm leaving town tomorrow for a mini vacation. \ That is awesome. you must be very excited.
I can't wait.   I'm so sick of work right now. \ I bet. It will be great to have some time to unwind and not think about it.
I got a job offer but I am not sure if I should take it or not. \ What makes you unsure?
Well my commute would take longer so I dont know if it is worth it. \ you should do a test drive and apply some math to the pay difference to decide if its worth it.
I need a B average to stay in my major and I'm struggling in a course. \ are you able to get some tutoring or find a study buddy?
I found a study group, I didn't flunk the class. But I made an 84 on my physics test and need an 86. \ thats good.. well you are on your way up!
i loved taking care of my sisters pet the other day \ How fun! What kind of pet is it?
a bearded dragon \ My kids want one of those, but we have to wait until the youngest is old enough. So cute!
I was scared of the spider in my bathroom. \ oh goodness. that has happened to me before. i could not sleep
It was a brown recluse. I had no clue that I had poisonous spiders at my house. \ how in the world did it get in your house? were you able to kill it?
my husband and i are trying to have a baby \ Aww! I bet that is so exciting! Do you want a girl or boy?
i would be fine either way as long we have a healthy baby that's all that matters to me. \ I hope it goes well. Children are great.
I am terrified of clowns. I shouldn't of gone to the circus. \ Uh oh.. Definitely not where you wanna go if you don't like clowns! Were you afraid while you were there?
Yes, I was shaking the whole time. \ That's terrible! Did you make it through the entire show?
I moved to a new apartment and they didn't accept my dog breed, so I had to give her up. :( \ That sucks, why didn't you find a new apartment?
Because here in my area in Florida, there isn't too many options for me. \ Maybe you should leave Florida.
I used to be super self-conscious and afraid to say anything stupid when I was younger...I'd get humiliated at the dumbest things but these days I've got pretty thick skin \ I am glad you grew out of your shell.
Me too.  Hbu were you ever a shy kid or were you always extroverted \ I was really neither.
My friend just bought a new Bugatti. \ Dang nice! Bugattis are freakin slick, definitely a dream car...what does your friend do
He owns a local insurance company.  I am so envious of him. \ Well that makes sense.  And I'm sure you can do the same in good time, just stay hungry and be about your paper!
I got an ice cream cake for my birthday and it was really good. It was rather big so we had plenty left over we kept in the freezer. My husband took it out to defrost it enough to cut it while I wasn't home and totally forgot about it and it all melted. I was upset. \ I'm sorry to hear that! It sounds like an honest mistake. 
I feel that its more like inconsiderate. My parents got me the cake and he forgot about it because he was losing in his video game. Honest mistake? Okay but seriously inconsiderate \ Oh wow, defenitly sounds like he was too focused on video games. Maybe talk to him about how it made you feel so you don't get resentful. 
I came home from work today and my husband had dinner already made!  \ Thats awesome, can we trade?
Haha my husband plays video games as well, but we limited it to after my daughter goes to bed only. \ That is a really good idea. He must be thoughtful to have cooked dinner for you and had it ready, unlike mine
Let me tell you something. Always check before you go grocery shopping to see if you need to pick up coffee filters. Few things worse than having to go without your morning coffee because you forgot! \ that is very true
Not only did I have a rough morning because of it, but I had to deal with the caffeine withdrawal headache all day at work. What a disaster. \ hopefully its better tomorrow!
i was scared walking home the other night \ Uh oh, were you alone? Hopefully you didn't have to go very far! That can be super scary for sure.
yea i had to walk down a dark wooded path \ Well that's just the worst. At least you're okay now! I don't know how you managed it.
4 \ Hmm, that's interesting tell me more about what that number means to you.
Four years old is the age a child needs to be for a bearded dragon, they carry something in their nails/claws. \ Really, my friend had a tarantula as a pet when she was five, scared the poop out of me
I got canned from my job and I'm feeling pretty good these days because I have more work than I can handle without needing to go to an office everyday \ Are you really able to work from home? Finding a gig is so difficult, I'm glad that it is working for you.
Yeah it's still a work in progress but I'm young and basically living on peanuts, good thing I'm not allergic \ 5
I have a test coming up and I'm feeling pretty good about it.  \ Nice did you prepare well for it
Yup I'm going to crush it! \ Awesome good luck
I used to have faith in strangers. Now I walk around with a switch blade ready for whatever \ Really? Why is that?
I've gotten jumped twice  \ Oh man that's rough... maybe you should think about moving?
I was laying in bed last night when I realized just how happy I am \ That is fantastic. Any good new lately?
Nope! I just realized how happy and content I am with my life!  \ That is an amazing feeling. 
I tripped at the gym the other day. I turned around and about five people saw me. I felt stupid. \ I would have been so embarrassed! Hopefully you didn't get hurt at all
No it wasnt bad at all. I just looked like a bumbling buffoon.  \ Could have been worse! 
I cant believe how dumb I am sometimes. \ what did you do
I locked my car keys in the car in front of a lot of people.  everyone saw that i did that.  I was blushing \ did someone help you?
i was sad when i didnt get this weekend off \ I hate working on the weekend.  Do you have to work this weekend
yea i do .. i was hoping to go to the coast with the family \ oh nice.  Thatll be fun.
When I was kid, a kid in the neighborhood was trying to exhort money from me. I was terrible afraid. \ oh my god that is so scary. what did you do?
My cousins that were older than me helped me. They scared the kid. \ that is awesome at least you didn't get hurt. that's what is important
i have a coworker that comes in to work late everyday and takes a million breaks \ That is annoying. Did you told your manager about it?
i have. she will not do anything about it and it drives me even more nuts. \ Why she doesn't want to do anything about it?
My sister died in a freak accident, my heart is broken. \ oh my god. i am so sorry. i have two sisters and know that pain.
It was all cause she decided to mow the grass that morning. \ that is horrible. i hope that your family can really cope thru this difficult time.
i come in to work every day early and make sure i'm ready to go by the time my shift starts \ That is good, I am sure your boss loves that.
i feel like she takes me for granted as a hard worker honeslty. \ You should talk to her about that.
My girlfriend moved in this past weekend.  I am really excited to start this next chapter in my life. \ OOOOOOOOOO NICE!
Yeah, I'm excited.  First girlfriend that I've lived with but she is pretty awesome so I'm glad it finally happened. \ Well you two have fun tonight.  I won't tell your parents about all this.
I was at the park today, and my son pulled down his pants, and started peeing on the grass. \ Hahaha, I dont mean to laugh but I'm assuming he is young and kids are pretty funny.  Did anyone else see it happen?
Yeah he's two and lots of people saw him do it.  He just wants to be like our dog, but doesn't know his limits.   \ I'm sure the other people thought kids will be kids.  He'll learn eventually!
I was disheartened to learn the tv show colony wont be coming back \ Awh man, that stinks.. I never watched it before.. I'm assuming you really liked it?
I just got into the show and it was getting interesting.  Always seems to happen. \ Yep why is it always with the good tv shows that it happens!?
My mom doesn't have a ton of money, but last christmas she made sure to get me some awesome things! \ Oh thats nice, what was she able to get for you?
She got me a brand new laptop I had been wanting for gaming! \ thats awesome of her to be able to get you something you really wanted
I had such a bad cold last week, I was coughing up a lot of nasty stuff into cups just so that it wouldn't hurt when I swallowed. \ did you go to the doctor
No, thankfully my symptoms weren't anything that couldn't be managed with a stiff mimosa or seven. But still, I had to throw those cups out. Yuck. \ yuk for sure
i was crushed when i didnt get the weekend off \ Now that's just not right! Weekends are supposed to be for relaxing and hanging out with friends, not slaving away for the man! Hopefully you didn't have to cancel any plans...
yea had to cancel my trip \ Wow, that really sucks, I'm sorry to hear that. You deserve to take yourself some vacation time or sick time or something.
i am trying to save up some money but i'm having such a hard time making it happen \ You can do it, you just need to start right away
i am trying but it's really hard to do when you are a single income household \ Just putting away a little still helps
I felt a little cocky this morning after working out. It was a good feeling \ i always feel like i'm on top of the world after i workout. 
Its the best feeling in the world \ i must agree. even when i get spaghetti legs i must say it's worth the rush that comes with it.
Our team have achieved the best project in IT department. \ what project is that
It is about using artificial intelligence in processing client claim to detect fraud. \ oh that sounds interesting
it was impressive to see someone eat a 3 lbs burger the other day \ Wow. Is he doing this for a show or a competition?
yea it was free if he could eat it and he got a t shirt  \ Terrible. So he is making himself unhealthy for a t shirt.
I get a little sappy when I see puppies on facebook. It makes me want one \ What kind would you get
A little pitbull and raise him right \ Oh cute.  I have one.  SHe is the nicest dog
I came home from work and dog had pooped on the floor \ Did you discipline her?
It was gross having to clean it up.  She knew that I was not happy.  but I did not want to have to pick it up \ Yeah that is always gross
A bit worried about the future today. \ why what happened
I just have a lot to get done before winter comes and I only have so many hours in the day. It can be overwintering as I work 2 jobs and run a business on top of it. \ hopefully it works out for you
i cant wait until next week \ Why is that?
the kids go back to school \ Lol! Ah- Well cherish them while you can in the summers even though it can be tiring :)
No matter how many times I told her that I didn't do it, my roommate insisted that I ate her ice cream last night! Unbelievable! \ Well, did you eat her ice cream?
I certainly would have liked to, but I'm lactose intolerant! If I had eaten it, I would have been so miserable that there's no way she would've mistaken it. \ I wonder who actually ate it then.
She probably did, during one of those nights when she stumbles into the apartment at 3am, drunk, with some random guy she brought home from the club. \ So are you saying it could be the guy?
I went to the grocery store and I had to bag my own groceries. \ Well that's pretty annoying. Aren't they supposed to have people there who do that for you?
Yeah, that's what I thought.  It was quite irritating. \ If that happens again, you should tell them they should have to pay you the appropriate wage to do work that they're supposed to be doing themselves. That's insane!
I have been having nightmares every night.  \ Sorry to hear that. What happens during your nightmare?
It's about life of course! I could handle it if it were demons and ghosts..but real life nightmares...Unpleasant. I want to go to sleep and get some peace from that stuff- not relive it lol \ Well I hope you can find some peace from those dreams.
My daughter scored the winning shot in her basketball game last week. I was so happy for her. \ Great to have a daughter in basketball!
Yeah she is doing so good. It's her 3rd year playing and she loves it. \ Fantastic!
I are my roommates pizza, I feel bad. \ Did you enjoy it?
Yes, it was really good. \ Well, maybe you won't do it again.
I have not had any alcohol for a week. \ That is good, do you like to drink?
I usually do.  I am pleased with my self-control lately. \ Do you plan to quit forever?
i was scared to walk home the other night \ Why?
someone walked behind me the entire way \ Me too, sometime, I had the same feeling about someone walking behind me.
Last year, when I got promoted to manager, I was very suprised because I was not expecting it. \ oh thats a nice suprise
Yes, I didn't know about it but they needed someone to fill that position. So they thought of me. \ yea thats good they did
I am so ready to go to the Yankees  game tomorrow. \ Oh, who are they playing?
They are playing Tampa Bay. \ That will be so fun!
I have to build a kitchen island from IKEA. \ I love IKEA, they have good meatballs.
They certain do.  I am sure I can get it done. \ Hopefully you can understand the instructions.
I studied all night and I still flunked my math test. I can't believe it! \ Did you study hard?
Yes, it just baffles me. Maybe next time I shouldn't even study. \ No, you should keep studying.
I knew I was going to get the promotion. \ Congrats! Hard work really does pay off.
Yes, I had worked hard for three years. \ I can only imagine how excited you must of been when you got the promotion.
I am so not ready for this baby. The wife is due next week, and I'm really uncertain that I'm gonna be a good dad or that we'll have enough to provide for her. \ You will be fine. Its going to be hard but dont beat yourself up over it.
I hope you're right. I've read lots of parenting books, and I've been seeing my therapist regularly. There's just so much that I'm still worried about. \ Then it sounds like you are already ahead of most new fathers. 
I just got back from a three month trip. I am really missing all the friends I made along the way. \ But it's good that you made friends though, right? Will you still be able to keep in touch with them?
Yea I still keep in touch but they live all over the world. \ Well then that's all the more reason to take more trips so you can see them! Maybe go on a couchsurfing tour of the world!
My brother asked me to church yesterday. It was a nice feeling and gesture from him \ did you go ?
I did go, it was a good time \ thats good, keep going!
i was angry when i saw someone put a dent in my car \ That was rude. Did they stop
i started to get mad but then as i got closer i saw that it was a kid.. so i just had to eat it \ Thats still tough to go through though
my husband and i are trying to get pregnant by the end of the year \ Good luck are you hoping for a boy or girl?
we just want a healthy baby. the sex is not importatnt to us \ That is so exciting. 
I begin my new job next week. I am really nervous about starting. \ it will be exciting. what will you be doing?
Its a financial analyst job with a big company. Im worried that I wont do well. \ i'm sure you will do just fine. i hope that you will do well.
I am upset I didn't get to go to Hawaii. \ why didnt you go ?
I couldn't afford a plane ticket. \ ah that stinks
it was suprising to see someone eat a 3 lbs burger for a free t-shirt \ That is a lot of meat.
yes it is \ Did they throw up after they finished?
I was walking and say a cat in front of me wagging its tail on the sidewalk and thought it was awesome \ That would be pretty cool to see, but you should know that typically most cats swish their tail when they're annoyed or angry! It didn't attack you, did it?
I attacked it with some pets, it was an outside cat which don't get angry too much I'm guessing \ Ahh, okay. Yeah I don't know. It might have also been scared or feeling like it had to protect it's turf. But still, that's neat to see and not an everyday thing!
I'm taking my midterm exam this week, and I really want to do well on it. I've studied a lot, and taken the practice test 5 times. I'm still pretty anxious though! \ Nice, I guess the only times I was nervous to take a test was when I wasn't prepared, but there's only so much preparation you can do until you just have to trust your brain or whatever
That's true. I probably have it down pat at this point. It's just it's my first graduate course, and I want to ace my entire graduate degree with a 4.0 GPA. This is my first major major grade. \ Wow! You must have like every technique in your toolbox to go for that goal
It might storm tonight. I am a little scared to be honest \ rain storm or thunder storm?
Thunder from what I see \ we've had some pretty bad storms here too this year. it worries me too
i made some potatoes that my mom used to make when i was a kid it made me miss home \ Oh wow that sounds good to me
it was so sweet it made me think of my childhood \ I like memories like that
I am looking forward to the gym tomorrow, I have a good feeling \ good luck
Thank you, I will take it \ what do you plan to do there
i was scared walking home the other night \ Why were you scared
cause it was dark and a wooded area \ That does sound a little scary
My friend just moved into a new home. Its a nice place that makes me a little envious of him \ It can be tough when friends have things that might be considered better than what you have.  Maybe it can be used as motivation
That is a good piece of advice \ I am sure you are at least happy for your friend, right?
So I went to work yesterday wearing two different shoes.  I was not fully awake when I was getting around in the morning.  Not my best moment. \ I have done that. It happens to the best of us
I didn't even realize it until someone pointed it out about halfway through the day.  I wanted to disappear after that. \ I am sure no one really noticed
Today I thought i saw a good friend and the mall and started waving like crazy...... it wasn't her lol \ oh that was awkward
Yes I just went into a store and hid lol \ probably the best option
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ What kind of pet is it?
a bearded dragon \ No way! They scare me :( Is it easy?
I think my brain is full.  I am ready as I can be! \ Ready for what?
I have a test at work this week.  I have been studying for like a week.  I think I am ready for it. \ Great. What is the test about?
I find it unfair that one of my coworker got promoted and not me. I envy him. \ Thats not fair! what has he done that you havent done?
I don't know. I am better than him in everything. Probably, it is because he is friend with director. \ Thats so annoying.  Ive been in a similar situation. Just keep working hard. Youll get there one day
I went on this ride at the beach called the Slingshot.. It shoots you super high up in the air.. It was so teriffying, I had so much faith in the ride I wouldn't die! \ Omg, I have seen one of those!
It was seriously so scary, I almost pooped myself! \ I believe that!
I really wanted a certain job and I did not get it \ That stinks, it's never worth giving up though! What line of work do you prefer?
Video work. It is very competitive. \ I can definitely believe that.. I hope something opens up for you soon!
Do you ever remember stuff you did as a kid out of the blue, and retroactively feel bad about it? I remembered this time we went to my father's friend's house, and while the adults were busy I ate some of the white stuffing from their oreos, and hid the cookies underneath their mattress and couch cushions. \ i cant say that i do
Well, you must have been a better child than me, haha. \ i highly doubt that
i was happy to get approved for the weekend off \ That's nice! How are you gonna spend your weekend?
going to vegas! \ Oh man, good luck! Hope you roll high.
When my mom got out of rehab and was clean, I was happy for her. She worked hard for it \ Oh wow.  I hope she's still doing well!
She is trying, everyday is tough \ Well good luck to her.  I know that's a tough thing to recover from.
I was discussing phone bills with my friend.  He told me how his parents pay for his phone bills \ That must be nice
Yeah I know.  Although I like to think I would decline if my parents offered, I still wish my bills were paid by someone other than me. \ Yeah, I think we all wish that was possible
I got a letter in the main today from my cousin. He was overseas and thinking of me. It was a nice shock \ Oh wow. How long has your cousin been overseas?
A few months at least \ That's real nice of him. Do you miss him?
I won a $100 pizza hut gift card. It's a meager winning, but hey, pizza! \ Have you used it yet
Nope. I intend to spread out using it. Maybe $10 every other weekend or so. \ That is very smart
I love seeing a gorgeous girl at a bar shoot down 5 guys, and then end up giving me her number...makes me feel pretty superior hahaha \ Oh damn. So why'd she pick you?
Guess there's something magical about me \ Spread of that magic, my dude.
My mom dropped off some food for me out of the blue. I miss her cooking. \ Nice nothing better than homemade mom lunches...what did she bring you
A lot of stir fries. I guess I'll be eating healthy this week. \ Stir fries are the bomb.
I have held on to my old Nintendo even though it broke many years ago. Its a great reminder of the first video game system I owned. \ Thats awesome. i wish i still had mine.  I sold it a couple years ago
Its really cool to have around. I just wish it still worked. \ I wonder if there are any repair shops that could fix it
I got really mad at the supermarket today.  I felt like they shouldnt treat customers like that \ What happened? Are you ok?
I was unloading my groceries onto the belt to pay and they told me that the lane was closed. So i had to put it all back into my cart and change lanes.  it was ridiculous \ I mean they could have just run your items instead of making you mad.
when i took my drivers test at the end of it i wasw hopeful to pass it \ I bet you were anxious to know how you did! Did you study up with friends or family leading up to the driver's test?
no i am 45. my license expired like 5 yrs ago and i didnt realize it...lol \ Oh well that's a bit different of a situation, lol. I gotcha! I didn't know you had to retake the test if you accidentally let it expire. But I'm sure you did great!
i did, i passed \ That's awesome! I'm proud of you, buddy.
I was unpacking the other day and realized that my ex-girlfriend didn't get all of her stuff out of my place after we split up and before I moved. Really made me miss her, seeing all that stuff. \ i bet it does bud, I know the feeling. So how do you deal with it
Well, I spent some time remembering the good times. Then I reminded myself that we broke up for a reason, and we'd moved on. Had to process all the way through it, you know? \ yes i know, good memories do help. every relation is a new chapter in the book called our life.
I am looking forward to this weekend. I am getting a new tattoo \ Oh sweet. What number tattoo is it?
Its going to be my 6th tattoo overall \ That's pretty awesome. What is it gonna be of?
I cooked for 20 people. All thank to Youtube. \ What did you cook
I cooked lasagna and pizza. \ That sounds very good right now
i was happy to get the weekend off \ That's great to hear. Are you usually really busy?
yea the work just keeps coming \ That's crazy. Well, I hope you have an awesome weekend!
I can't wait to buy some cake this weekend. Been craving cakes. \ what kind of cake are you going to get ?
I might get buttercream. Chocolate is tempting, too. Wish I could get both lol. \ that does sound good
I do not like the dark., \ There are a bunch of people who really don't! I don't get really why people are afraid of it, though.
It is just the fact I can not see. \ Yeah, I guess I can see why that would frighten some people.. Nightlights work wonders!
There was this time I went to the bar with my girlfriend and once I came out of the restroom, I saw her talking to some guy! \ What did you do?
Well I get super jealous and angry of course.. But in the end it was just a work friend.. Oops! \ Did she get mad at you?
Polie officers should still be required to drive safely even when responding to a call. \ sometimes they cant avoid it 
I threw the car in reverse and hauled my butt backwards! \ ok
I understand, but coming at me head on, on a two lane highway, while I'm on a bridge with nowhere to go is not cool. \ I cant imagine how scared you must have been.
Uh oh, did he destroy something? Sounds as though he misbehaved a bit. \ Not sure. You must be very confused. Did you crash?
It was so fun! \ What was so fun?
Taking my dog to the dog park! \ Oh yeah!!! I love taking my dog too, she gets to get all that dang energy out before I bring her back to our little apartment!
My dog randomly got up on my couch last week, and just started peeing.. Like what!?!?!??!?! \ haha that sucks! did you take him/her out to pee recently?
Not since lunch, so it's actually been about 4 hours.. I hate living on the top floor! \ What did you have for lunch?
I got a new job and it is so great and I have my old supervisor to thank she's the best. \ Why you need to thank her? Is she the one that helped you to find the new job?
She was a great influence and gave me words of encouragement to branch out and go for more then our company job. \ She is very nice person. That is great.
oh thats awesome \ Yeah, I've never been able to lose weight this well and I've tried so many things.  
it was impressive seeing a guy eat a 3 lbs burger the other day \ Woah!  Bet he was digesting for days!
yea  \ That is amazing.  He should be on one of those food shows to see how much he can eat.
I'm sad when  I use a clever one-liner from old pop lyrics...and it goes right over people's heads..waste of genius really \ Oh no that is truly tragic. People dont appreciate the older novelties
Right, some guy was complaining about how this old playground he used to play at was being renovated...and I said "don't it always seem to gooo.." and the counting crows reference just went up in flames \ You dont know what you got till its gone.. lol the ignorance!!!
My family is always bugging me to do things that I dont have time to do. Yesterday they wanted me to stop my work day, come home, and go to the old folks home to visit my grandma when i already go every weekend. Its like they think that my work doesn't matter and I can just up and leave whenever? \ I could be wrong...but I feel like they just miss your company...and are using your grandma as a scapegoat.  Don't be so hard on them they're not always gonna be around ;)
I spend every weekend with them, I just wish they could understand that I have a life even if it is just working and then working at home, sometimes I want to do what I want to do instead of what everyone else wants. Like. Leave me aloneee \ You must have a good, positive energy and that's what they miss.  I used to be the same.  But when they're dead and gone you'll miss the pestering so love them for who they are, you're still free to make your own choices. Peace
I have to make a wedding cake this weekend.  \ Do you make them for a living or as a hobby?
It's a hobby.  I am sure it will be quite easy. \ I've never even attempted something so huge. You must be very creative and precise. 
My hamster passed away and I never thought I would be so upset. \ I'm so sorry for your loss.
Thank you. I know it's just a tiny little animal but I enjoyed having a pet of my own. \ I hope you will be able to heal from this. 
I've been working 7 days a week for at least a month now. I'm burning out. \ wow how do you do it?
I don't know either. I have a headache a majority of the time. \ dang that sucks.. hopefully it pay well
i was scared walking home alone last night \ Oh no. No one available to walk you part way or anything?
no i had to walk home in the dark alone \ Did anything happen?
Taking my date to the amusement park this weekend. I think we'll have an amazing time. \ Sounds like a lot of fun! I'm sure it'll be a great date to bond.
hahaha thanks a lot. She says she's been wanting to go, so I'm sure she'll love it. \ Yes defenitly! Go on the ferris wheel and buy her some cotton candy :)
I saw a scorpion in my house yesterday and still haven't found it! \ Oh god. Was it big?
Yes, im scared to sleep! It ran under couch last time I saw it. \ Well, maybe look at its lifespan? Maybe it'll die if you end up not finding it.
I finally graduated college last year, it felt like it took SO long! \ That is amazing, good work.
Yes, I am so proud of myself for finally accomplishing it! \ How long did it take you?
I was shocked when the Eagles won the Super Bowl. \ Yes, I think everyone was shocked! The real question is, were you happy?
I was very happy. \ That's awesome.. Hopefully they win again in the future!
So I lost my wallet and had to get a new ID issued to me. \ I hope someone turns it in soon to you.. did you lose out on money too? 
I usually dont have much cash on me but the cards are hard to replace. \ Yeah a real pain honestly... im sorry that happened to you. :/ 
Im going to my first concert this weekend. Yesssssss!  \ Did you buy tickets or win them?
I bought them, woulda been cool to win them though right? lol  \ Yeah
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ Aw, that's sweet. What kind of pet is it? Did you wish you could steal it so it could be yours instead?
its a bearded dragon.. no i dont want it as i already have two of my own .. however she has a little baby one \ Hmm, I don't think I've ever known anyone who has a bearded dragon before actually. That's really cool though! Did you let the two of y'alls bearded dragons ever interact?
I am constantly amazed by my sister's art skills. I'm not sure where she got them...my brother and I can't draw to save our lives. \ what does she draw
Mostly anime characters and various portraits. She's still quite young, so she has a way to go, but if you asked me to draw anything similar to what she can when I was her age? Forget about it. \ thats awesome
I think the cops are coming to my house tonight. \ Why?
A bunch of my friends are police oficers and we are going to play poker when they get off if they get off in time.  I am really looking forward to it. \ Ah ah, have fun.
Our team made the best IT project in the university. \ That is so cool, what was the project?
The project was about a fighting robot. We made the robot more smart with some artificial intelligence. \ That is so awesome, so it was a real life advanced battle bots.  So amazing.  Congratulations!
I am packed a week ahead of time for my vacation, it's freeing! \ You must be so excited!
I am but it feels even better knowing I don't need to stress over my luggage. \ I hope you have a great time!
I stole a sandwich from one of my students.  \ How did you do that?
I took it from his lunchbox.  I feel so guilty for doing that. \ Wow, that's awful but you know, we all make dumb mistakes like that in desperate times.
My parents raised me like a king and I'm thankful for that.  Because although I was introverted for most of my life I was pretty confident and successful in my abilities and always did well no matter what I did \ That is so wonderful that you give your parents the credit and are so grateful for what they did for you!
I sure didn't do it on my own...well I did but if I was raised horribly I know I wouldn't be the man I am today. \ I hope my kids say the same thing about me helping them that much when they grow up.
I have so many ants in my kitchen, no matter what I do, I can't get rid of them and they are everywhere. \ You must cook a lot of tasty food all the time!
I do enjoy cooking but I try to keep it impeccably clean since they find anything and bring their friends. \ hmm did you try calling pest control
I did not do anything over the weekend and I was okay with it. I just got to relax \ yea thats true
It was a nice feeling for sure \ i wish i could do that too
i was scared walking home alone the other night \ Why were you scared
cause it was a dark wooded area \ Yeah, that does sound a little scary
Someone asked me what the word belligerent meant the other day, and I knew the answer. \ Good for you. How did you know what that meant?
I learned in school a few years ago, some friends of mine liked the word as well. \ Very nice. I need to learn some new words.
I cant wait to go on vacation next week. Its going to be so much fun. \ That sounds awesome, were are you going if you don't mind?
Im going to the beach with friends. Its going to be incredible. \ Nice! The summer is the perfect time for the beach.
I can't wait to get this baby out! I feel like I've been pregnant forever \ I remember my wife saying that when she was pregnant with both of ours.  How far along are you?
36 weeks.. almost there lol  \ That is a very long time.  Is this your first?
I am repulsed by my neighbor. \ Ugh I've been there before... What do they do?
He sits in his front yard with his shirt off and does everything out there like that.  The freshest assault on my senses was clipping his toenails.  I mean come on, he has a back yard, why can't he go back there? \ Eeeewwww... some people have no shame
i was ready for that interview last week \ How did it go?
i got the job \ That's great news to hear!
Someone stole money from my account and my bank won't help me, I can't believe this! \ same thing happened to me.. i believe it 
It's ridiculous! You think they would be a little more helpful when money is on the line! \ they dont care about you unless you got tons of money in their back
My friend is going to across the country. I miss seeing her almost everyday \ is she coming back ?
In 4 years or so. She'll visit of course, but it's not the same as seeing her everyday. \ oh yea .. well you can facetime or video chat in the meantime!
i hope i win the lottery \ That would be awesome. What would you do with the winnings?
change my name and move to hawaii \ hahaha have you ever been to Hawaii?
Women in this part of Texas must be deprived of outsiders...because I get sideways stares from all the Latina ladies when I walk into any gym, bar, or supermarket and it trips me out \ They're checking you out or they're glaring at you?
the former...their husbands / dads / boyfriends the latter hahaha \ Ha ha!  Guess they like what they see! 
I can't believe my son is turning 4 tomorrow. He was just a sweet, chubby baby a minute ago. \ 4 is still a baby for me...but i'd start treating him like a man
Yeah, I'm glad he's still little.  Ha ha, he tries to talk in a deep voice like a man already.  Its hilarious. \ That's funny.
My wife went out of town and I was alone for a whole week. \ Did you enjoy it?
I watched tv and played video games the entire time. \ I bet that was fun and relaxing
I really miss my dog who passed away. \ That sucks, I love dogs.
Me too. She is a better place now. \ Yes I am sure she it.
My best friend just bought a new car, it's a Honda Civic and it's red. \ I love hondas.  Are you jealous of that person?
It's hard not to be a bit envious, especially since my car is a 2006! \ I know that feeling, friend.
I have to make a cheesecake later. \ Is it for a special event?
Somewhat, it is for a pot luck dinner.  I am sure I can get it done. \ I hope you are able to get it done in time - I love cheesecake so I'm jealous I won't be there to eat it!
I walked through a spider web accidentally while I was sweeping my porch. \ Oh god. Was it big?
I would say medium sized but they always catch me off guard because I don't see them. \ Wow. Does it happen often then?
My friend changed carerr in her 40s and turns to be the best decision of her life \ That's awesome, she sounds multi faceted.
Yea. She's definitely an inspiration. I'm glad to see her happy now. \ That's human, when you live for a while you don't have to get stuff right the first time.
m getting me some of that Costco $10 large pizza this weekend \ Oh yeah baby, that sounds awesome. I don't know what it is, but those "buy in bulk" stores' food cafes always have INSANE pizza. I'm jealous!
Yea. The pizza is pretty large for what you get for $10. You need to try it out sometime. \ Believe me, I've eaten my fair share of it. My stepmom used to take me and my brother there when we were younger. I'll always have fond memories of it. But you're right, I do need to go back and get some more sometime!
I used to worry that I would never have a long term friend who would be there to listen to me if I had problems, but my best friend Kayla has proved otherwise.  \ Kayla sounds wonderful! How long have you guys been friends?
I'll have known her for 7 years next year. She really is wonderful. I've gone through a lot of tough stuff in my life, and she's always been supportive. \ Finding someone like that is rare. Take good care of that one!
I'm going on a blind date this weekend. I've never even been on a date \ Wow that sounds exciting and anxiety-inducing at the same time, hope it turns out well for you.
Thanks! A lot of my friends have been very supporting of my dating newbness lol. \ Well it's good you have some friendly support in case it goes poorly.
I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released. \ Oh wow. How many have they had now? lol
Let's see, 64, Melee, Brawl, Smash 4, so I guess this will be the 5th. \ Oh not that much really.
I'm meeting my online girlfriend for the first time this weekend \ Wow, that's a huge step. Are you excited?
I am very excited. I hope I don't goof up in front of her! \ I'm sure it'll be amazing
I've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever! \ Oh wow. I'm impressed he can make furniture! Is he busy?
He just needs to assemble it lol he's tired from work but I'm impatient! \ Awww give him some time. I'm sure he'll get to it eventually.
I wish I would've checked my bank account before going on last night's date \ Oh no!  Did you overdraw your account?
Yep. I did. That $65 charge is no joke. \ Ugh, its the worst. I've had that happen a few times to me.  Like a punch to the gut.
I just got a huge job promotion 4 months earlier than expected because I brought in so many new clients. \ Well, you definitely deserve it then!
Yeah, I've put in the hard work. \ How much of a raise are you getting?
I am watching my friends dog tomorrow. She is going of town, I just love that dog \ You sound like a very good friend!
I try to be, I try to help her out as much as I can \ I wish I had a friend like you.
I ate my son's birthday ice cream cake. \ I love ice cream cake, did you enjoy it?
Yes, but I feel so guilty for my behavior.  \ Its just cake, there will always be another cake
I miss my mom. Can't believe I used to be so annoyed seeing her everyday when I was little \ I know what you mean, no one can get to you like your mom. But they are awesome.
Yea. Parents can be so amazing. I do feel bad for the people who aren't as lucky. \ Oh yes, to be raised by or spend as much time with their family. It sure is a crazy world.
My dog pooped near my bed right before I was going to sleep. \ Oh damn. Did you do something to upset your dog?
It was storming but it wasn't too loud so I thought I would be good to leave him out of his cage. \ Oh no. Did something bad happen?
I don't know how chefs push out food so fast. I can barely get a meal done in under an hour. \ they got a ton of worker bees following their command
Oh is that the secret?! \ yea
i was sad when i couldnt get the day off \ I'm sorry to hear that. Will you get a day off soon?
next week hopefully \ I'll pray for ya! You need a break before you burn out.
I don't know what that thing is, but it has way too many legs for my comfort \ I guess its an insect?
Definitely an insect, but why so many legs?!! \ I guess you have to asks its creator
I have high hopes for this weekend. I think it might be sunny here \ Oh I get you. It's been raining here everyday.
Same here. I am tired of it already \ I hope you get some sun where you are, too. Too much rain can get depressing.
My girlfriend saw me kissing another girl, who was kissing ME at the bar.. I was very drunk.. \ Oh wow. Did she break up with you?
No.. I realized the mistake I made and took action so it never would happen again. \ Don't sweat it man. There is plenty of fish in the sea anyways.
The other day I lost control of my car and got in a huge wreck. My leg broke, but I knew I would walk again. \ Wow.. That is horrific!  I'm so glad you're okay.. Was anyone else hurt?
No, by the grace of god. He protects me at all times. \ Awesome. I am so glad to hear that.. Always good to hear the stories were someone gets away!!
I have some bad news, unfortunately. Well, bad for me. I was diagnosed with lung cancer. \ I am sorry to hear that. How far along is it?
It's stage two. I think I'll be able to beat it because I'm otherwise in great health, and it hasn't metastasized or anything. I just wasn't expecting to have to deal with this incredibly difficult time ahead of me. \ Keep a positive attitude. I will be thinking of you!
I was walking down the street the other day and I felt something hit my head. I realized a bird had pooped on me! I was so shocked. \ Now that is one of the most unfortunate things I've heard all week. How did you get it out of your hair? Eeww
Not as unfortunate as what I just heard but thanks. I had to run home and take a shower right away. Now I walk around with an umbrella! \ That, I think, is a pretty justifiable response honestly, lol. Now at the very least all you'll have to do is clean the umbrella!
As a sheltered teenager I used to be scared of almost any new experience...but since I've been mugged, kicked out of the house, lived homeless, been beaten up, won some street fights, sparred state champions in the ring and become fully self-employed there's really nothing that scares me anymore \ Wow. That's pretty amazing. You have been through quite a lot in life.
Yup and I'm only 26 :) \ Hopefully, it'll be smooth sailing from no onwards.
My date ended up paying for our dinner. My card got denied \ Oohh...if you're the girl that's ok...if you're a guy c'mon buddy, bring some cash lol
lol I usually don't carry cash! \ Tsk tsk gotta have a backup.  Nothing turns a girl off more than having to pay for everything...they like the feeling of security
i hope to win the lottery this friday \ How much is the jackpot?
230 million \ That is a whole lot of money!
I didn't get into my first choice school. \ you were too good for them anyway!
aw thanks a lot! That made me smile! \ im sure you will do great where ever you end up going
I just got my grades in from last semester and I got an A in every class! \ You must be a great student!
Thanks! I really tried my hardest this last time. \ I wish you more success in your education.
I stole a gift card from my friends house. \ Yikes. Why did you take it may I ask?
I wanted to sell it.  I feel so ashamed for doing such a thing. \ Ah, well if you haven't sold it yet, there's still time to return it!
When my friend canceled our trip last month, it really hurt me. I was looking forward to ti \ where were you all going to go ?
We were going to asheville to see a lot of breweries \ oh that sounds like fun
i was scared walking home alone last night \ Why were you scared?
cause it was a dark wooded area \ I feel like I have heard that a lot tonight
Can't believe a girl asked me out \ Why are you surprised she asked you out? 
I didn't know girls do those things. \ A lot of girls don't follow the traditional ways anymore.
I am nervous about my son starting school this year. \ Oh. Will he be starting elementary school?
Yes, he will be starting Kindergarten this year. \ aw he's at that precious age where you have to let his hand go, hu?
I saw a year book from way back with me in school as a kid. I felt weird looking at it \ It is kind of odd to look at ourselves from that long ago, and we didn't even realize what we looked like usually at that time.
Yeah, that is how I felt doing it \ It's like you're looking at someone else almost.
I was hoping to meet my friend this weekend that I hadn't seen in a long time, but he had to cancel suddenly. \ Why did they cancel
They couldn't take off work due to unexpected project problems. \ I guess work does that sometimes
I am so happy with myself. I made an A in every class last semester. \ Impressive! It is all going to be well worth it in the long run, keep going ghost rider!
I just really cracked down and studied hard. I didnt think I was capable of doing it. \ If theres a will then theres a way! Er in most situations, were not talking about you trying to do brain surgery tomorrow or anything. 
I woke this morning to my cat literally on top of me with his face right in my face staring at me like he wanted something. I got up and saw that I did indeed forget to feed him last night. Little bugger thought he would catch me off guard. \ Haha. That would have scared me so much.
Yeah I was like whoa bro, what did I do? What you want?? Maybe he's mad that I named him Kitty instead of a manly cat name, Idk. Lol \ You never know with those cats. They are very sly.
I think my kimchi will win the best kimchi award at the kimchi contest \ Oh I hope it does! I bet you've got a super secret ingredient that makes it stand out from the rest of the rabble.
Yea I've been working on this recipe for years. \ Then it will be appropriate if it pays off for you. If you win first prize, I'm gonna need you to start getting it put in grocery stores so I can buy some!
I heard gunshots outside my house the other day in the middle of the night. I think it was 2 or 3 in the morning. \ Did you find out what happened?
Not a chance! I was too scared to go out, and I didn't want to peek my head out to talk to the police or anything when they showed up. I honestly thought someone might have barged into my house and started trying to shoot me. \ Man. That must've been really nerve wrecking. Did you get any sleep?
Every other night at around the same time, I keep hearing a girl scream \ what does she say ?
It's just unintelligible screaming. \ sounds scary
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ oh no. this sounds bad.
yea he is still missing \ I'm so sorry to hear that. Have you tried calling your local shelther or animal control?
There was this one time I was driving down the road, and this guy on a sports bike popped a wheelie.. It was so sick! \ Nice, I wish I could do a wheelie!
I know! I do too.. I think I need to learn to ride a sports bike first.. Hehe oops! \ Yeah, I tried skateboarding in my childhood but was too scared to break something, lol.
I hate when I make plans and the rain cancels them.... \ I agree with that! I just had the rain cancel my trip to the beach yesterday! Makes me so mad...
Yeah, some people like the rain! I don't get how..... \ I mean I like the rain at certain times.. But not when I'm trying to do fun stuff outside!
Was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy \ Oh, sometimes you just have to accept weather changing your plans. I am sure you can go another time.
It was the only weekend we were all off together. \ That's a bummer. Well I hope you can find another weekend to make up for it.
I'm so eager to go on my first cruise next week. I have been waiting forever. \ wow. a cruise sounds pretty amazing. where to?
It is going to the Western Caribbean. The best part is my whole family is meeting on the ship. We are going to have a blast! \ Oh man. You'll get to spend time with the family, too. that's what's up.
I'm going for some hot pot this weekend \ That sounds so good!
It's pretty amazing! Just wish it wasn't so pricey lol. \ I know right!  Asian food is pricey.
I got a check in the mail from out of nowhere for 500 dollars. \ Wow! That's pretty amazing. How are you gonna spend it?
I will just save it.  I am so shocked to get it! \ hahaha still in shock, hu? Well, as long as it's the good of shock. :)
I hate how it ended with my ex. I feel bad when I think about it \ Oh no what happened?
It was a bad argument and I said some mean things \ Do you think that if you apologized they would forgive you?
I took credit for an idea that wasn't mine at work. \ Why did you do that
I don't know... I really wanted to impress my boss. I feel bad about it. \ I understand, people do it all of the time
I got a new job. I'm kinda nervous! \ why ? im sure you will be fine
New job. New coworkers. All the new and unknown makes me nervous! \ yea i can understand that
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ What happened?
my dog ran away \ Were you able to find your dog?
The weather has been irritating this week. I am tired of the rain \ Oh damn. Me too. What area are you in?
I am in the southeast \ Northeast here. Must be raining all along the coast.
This store I stopped going to because of the bad customer service is actually closing down after all these years \ Are you happy with that
I'm neutral. I haven't been shopping there anyway. \ I guess it was just meant to be then
My dog had cancer and the vet advised us to put our dog to sleep today. \ Damn why'd you have to tell me that...Gawd that's freakin sad, jeezus
I am soo upset, and worse I have to tell the kids when they get home. \ I wish you and your fam peace happiness love and good health.
When I first lost a fight I was more humiliated that I lost than worried about the fact that I was temporarily blind in my left eye and my head was split open with glass pieces \ Omg that is awful. How long did it take to recover? 
A couple of months.  My pride a year lol \ I bet! I am glad it wasn't even for serious than it was already.
I cannot wait for weeks from now. College football is starting \ I know, I can't wait either!
Its going to be a lot of fun I hope \ I am rooting for the Longhorns!
I remember when people said hello and thank you. \ I guess people are way more rude these days arent they
Absolutely! Those were the days. \ I do miss that as well, maybe it will come back
I really didn't know what to expect while my dad was having neck surgery last weekend. \ did it turn out ok ?
Seems to have, yeah. He has a lot less neck pain now than he has this past year, but that's happened during his previous neck surgeries as well. \ hopes he continues to get better
i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted \ Oh, that's got to feel rough. It's not quite the same, but I've felt similarly when I couldn't get previous ex-girlfriends gifts during holidays or their birthdays or something. But I'm sure she knows you love her anyway.
yea        .. it happens \ It does. Feeling bad about it is enough to show you care about her, which is something, paradoxically, to feel good about I think. Just keep being a good dad to her. :)
My daughter took her first step a few weeks ago. \ That is great. How old is she?
She is 7 months old.  Now we can keep her from running everywhere.  She is amazing. \ At this age, they are cute.
My manager asked me to work this evening. I had plans already set. I had to cancel them. \ You couldn't say no to working?
I finding it difficult to say no. He is putting pressure on me. So I can't say no. \ That is a real bummer.  I'm sorry that happened to you.  Will you be able to reschedule your plans?
I am so mad my neighbor killed my dog because she was mad at me. \ What? Do you have evidence supporting this
I sure do I have it on video and made a report with the police already. \ Good hope that bitch goes to hell...sorry I love animals and my mom's dog died the same way
At first it hurt a lot to find out that my ex had moved on so quickly. But looking back it probably wasn't meant to be...and now I'm living my best life \ I am sorry it didn't work out. But happy to hear you are happy now.
I'm the best I've ever been actually...fully self-employed, eating well, in the company of great friends...it's like life's starting to cut me some slack \ That is so wonderful, because that doesn't normally happen.
I was deep in sleep last night and I woke up to this super loud bang near my house, it was quite scary. \ That sounds definitely terrifying! Did you figure out what it was?
I think it was someone shooting firecrackers for some strange reason. \ Hmm.. I guess it is still July so it makes SOME sense at least! Did you ever confront them?
When i was younger, I came back to the house with my family to find our family pet dead. \ Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you ever figure out what happened?
He was very old, so I guess we were all expecting it.. He lived a good life! \ Oh, well that's a somewhat happy ending I suppose.
I've got water dripping from the ceiling under my new AC unit. \ That must be annoying!
Annoying is an understatment.   I've got to take off work tomorrow to have them come fix the AC - plus the water damage. \ I hope that gets resolved soon.
My electric bill was 350 dollars this month. \ Yikes. Mine was 210.
I am so upset of how expensive it is. \ Turn the AC up a little :)
Somehow I allowed myself to be drug to the movies to take my daughter to see The Meg. \ It looks good. Should I save my money?
I actually really liked it.  I did not expect to, the name is totally stupid and leads you to believe it will just be cheesy. But it was actually pretty good. \ I thought the name was dumb too, but the previews looked awesome. Is it scary at all because I don't llike anthing remotel scary
I made fried chicken, mashed potatoes, green beans and bisuits last night \ That sounds soooo good! I'm eating low-carb right now but I'm a pushover for good mashed potatoes!
Well it was good and we were going to have them for dinner tonight, but I ate it all before the kids got home from school. Im terrible \ LOL!  I've done things like that before also, sometimes you just need some me time with some good food ya know?
I am mad about tomorrow. My team meeting has been pushed up on short notice \ Oh no, I hate when that happens
Yeah, I guess I will have to prepare even more tonight \ Good luck, lots of coffee!
I've been feeling so down, I miss my family. I think it's time to go visit. \ I think it is, that might make you feel better
Yes It's been a while \ Its the perfect time to go see them then
I still feel bad about lying to my ex. I just wish it could have ended better \ That is tough. Was it a big lie?
Yeah, a really big and bad lie \ You must be feeling pretty guilty. That sucks. 
I thought I did really well on my test the other day. Well, I failed it. \ What kind of test was it
It was for a certification. I thought for sure I did well. Im just a little bummed out. \ I am sure you will do better next time
I am so annoyed my neighbor's trash always ends up in my yard. \ That is a big deal.  What are you going to do?
I have tried everything, but they keep doing it even after paying huge fines. \ I would throw trash in their yard.
I saw a woman blow her nose in to her shirt. \ Oh gross! That must have been disgusting to see.
It was very gross to witness! \ Wow, I can only imagine what other gross things she does.
I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released. \ Is that a video game?  Is it Mario?
It's a video game that includes Mario and a bunch of toher characters, it's by Nintendo. \ I used to LOVE Mario Kart - I'm not a big video game fan but I loved that one.  I can see why you are excited about it coming out!
I was sitting in traffic today due to a wreck and I saw the stupidest thing ever. \ What exactly did you see?
This guy, who I guess thought he was more important than anyone else, flew up the emergency lane and blocked the ambulance. \ Wow that's very annoying, he should be arrested.
I couldn't pay for all my groceries and someone came up from the line behind me and paid for the rest. I was so touched! \ Wow, how amazing is that!? I wish someone would do that for me! I mean, I don't think I buy more than $30 of groceries at a time since it's just me, but still!
I couldn't stop thanking him and crying.  I was about to put 15 things back and really didn't have enough to cover things for my family of four. There are good people out there and I'm going to pay it forward for sure! \ That's a wonderful idea, I love that! And you know, if you find you can't quite do the exact same thing for someone else, you can always donate food to a food bank or something. It's the exact same thing, and it'll make you feel awesome.
I got some pretty horrible news recently. I've been diagnosed HIV positive. I'm just...lost... \ I'm so sorry!  Don't lose hope though. I know some science based nutrition that helps you overcome and kill it going high nutrition plant based vegan.  Look up Dr. Joel Furhman.  It'll save you from all the meds that hurt your body.
I might look into that, thank you for being supportive. I know it's nowhere near a death sentence anymore, it's just there are so many questions. Can I have kids, is a big one. \ I know it must be overwhelming you but coming from someone that is fighting chronic epstein barr virus and Lupus, it will change your life.  Check out HIV and going vegan on youtube and thebody,com and so many other resources.  You might be able to reverse it and it wouldn't even be a concern for having kids.  You take care and have hope!
The weather tomorrow has me down. Its going to rain and I wanted to go hikinh \ Oh that sucks! Maybe you can go the next day.
I hope so, that would be nice \ Do you normally go very often?
My husband has been on his second tour in Iraq. Seems like I wont see him in forever.  \ He sounds like a real hero though. I hope he comes home safe soon
Thank you, The kids and I miss him terribly.  \ I can only imagine. At least you have each other 
I got mugged on vacation last year. \ oh wow! that is horrible!! did they get away with it?
Unfortunately yes.  It was a group of young punks that pulled a knife on me.  I was just glad to get away with my life. \ i am sorry to hear that. that is a bad incident to have happen on vacation
my new baby will be born tomorrow morning!!i probable wont sleep tonight \ That is so exciting.  Is this your first?
yes it is ! im am very nervous and excited  \ I guess you have a plan to induce labor, or a scheduled C-section?
I lost everything in the fire today. \ Are you and your family okay?
We are thank heavens, but we lost everything.  \ I am sorry, you can replace it though
I have to go to a team meeting in the morning. I am unsure what to expect \ Oh, Do you think you did something wrong? 
No, it just came out of the blue, I never know what to expect really \ That's terrible I wouldn't like for that to happen to me.
I never knew what the confidence is. I never felt it before. Until I studied really well for an exam. When I went in the exam hall, I felt confident the first time in my life. \ That is great.
Yes, and the most awesome thing, although I was little nervous, I confidently gave the exam and secured an A Grade in it. \ That is great, your studying paid off.
I was so happy when my son went to college. \ In what college did he go?
He went to Harvard. \ Oh, that's awesome! I am glad he made it!
I once left all cash and didn't have any to pay for a metro ride, some random girl paid for me without saying a word. \ Wow!  How kind is that!  Their really are kind people left in this world.  How did you respond?
Yes, and I am thankful for those kind of people. \ *There* oops.  Did you ever find out her name?  Or find out a way to thank her?
I am a planner.  I had planned a big getaway today.  Only after I arrived did I realize I had made a huge mistake! \ Where did you go and what happened?
We went to a Shaker Village museum.  I had made planes via email with the location I thought we were headed toward.  LOL.  I was emailing a second location two hours further!  We were so nervous because now I didn't know what to expect! \ That's too bad, did you get to the second place after?
Playing old video games reminds of the summers where my friends and I would hang out endlessly \ Sounds like you're feeling nostalgic.  What games were you plaing?
Super smash bros is a classic, never gets old, but yeah you're right \ I've never played it but its supposed to havea bunch of old game characters in it
I have to take off work tomorrow to wait on a repair man to come to my house. \ What are they coming to fix?
My new AC unit is leaking... I've got water dripping from my ceiling. \ Oh my my, hope it gets fixed fast
MY kids are back on school time. Everyone is asleep! \ Woohooo... I bet you're ecstatic
I am!. IT only took two days of school \ I can't wait until my daughter is old enough to go to school lol 
I've been so happy lately, everything seems to finally be falling into place \ That's great.
We hit a rough patch, things are looking brighter \ I know how that feels. Its a good feeling to be on the right path finally
My family used to go apple picking every year when I was young so now I'm starting that tradition with my young kids. \ That sounds like a neat tradition. What did you guys do with the apples once they were all picked?
My mom made apple sauce, apple butter, apple pies, and apple turnovers so I have a lot to learn from her!  I'll probably make my specialty which is apple crisp. \ Sounds like a bunch of tasty items! My mom used to make a banging apple pie whenever I came home for Thanksgiving. It was the best feeling in the world eating it.
My folks got me a brand new car today. I was so stoked and shocked that they would do such a thing! \ That is amazing!  I'm so happy for you!  What kind of car did they get you?
They got me a Ford Focus! It ain't much, but I desperately needed one to get around town. \ Hey, a new car is a new car!  I'm dying from heat in my car since the A/C broke.  Have fun driving!
I have to put a computer together. \ That's awesome! How long do you think it will take you to build it?
About two hours.  I am so ready to get it done! \ Is this the first time you've put a computer together?
I had a job interview recently \ Oh, how did it go?
Not well. I didn't really feel prepared for it. \ I'm sorry, I am sure you will be ready next time.
Last week on the way to work, I did not notice my wife had ran my car so low on gas and I ended up running out of gas on the freeway. \ On no! Did you have to walk, or did you call for service?
A nice man stopped, help me push my car to the shoulder and even had a can of gas he let me use in his trunk. Talk about a nice guy. \ Wow, you got lucky! Did you give him a tip?
I got caught cheating on my test. I feel so horrible. \ Why did you feel you had to cheat? I am sure you could have passed if you had studied.
I just wanted to make sure I passed. But now I have a big 0. \ Well, don't let this one situation define you. Use it as a learning experience and move on, and do you best not to repeat it.
I recently moved to a new city to start a new job. I've been so busy I haven't been able to make any new friends here and no one I know lives here either. \ Ah, I know that feeling well. My family moved around a ton while I was in grade school, so I don't really have many long term friends. Don't worry though, you'll make friends at your new job so easily, you won't even remember you didn't have friends!
Thanks for the positive words. I should probably make friends with my coworkers. I mean, I practically live at work. \ I mean yeah, it can't hurt, can it? I'm sure they'll be excited to meet you and get to know you as much as vice versa. Plus, who knows? Your new best friend might be in there for all you know!
Speaking of co-workers, one of my colleagues just found the cure for type 2 diabetes, and I honestly couldn't be more annoyed about it. \ Wait, why would you be annoyed by that? That's amazing!
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Amazing and all, but it was supposed to be MY discovery. I wanted that Nobel Prize and the trip to Stockholm. Now I don't think my dad will ever think I've accomplished anything. \ I think you need to look at the bigger picture, though. Someone cured a disease that has caused so much suffering for so many people. Though I suppose to can be both excited for the discovery and jealous at the same time. The two aren't mutually exclusive.
I went on a date tonight. I was a little upset with how it turned out \ That bad huh? what was wrong with'em
They were just not nice and did not want anything to do with me \ They? you went on a date with more than one person??
I just saw a bobcat outside my house. \ That can be a scary thing to see
Indeed it can. they've not a nasty howl too \ I like cats, but not those kind of cats
My husband passed away last year and with my kids out of the house, its often eerily quiet. \ That does sound lonely. Do you have friends to turn to?
I do have a few close friends that I'm very grateful for.  Its just the evening hours that get to me the most. \ Well thats good. If you can find a hobby to occupy those evenings that would be best.
So the other day at work I was walking to the kitchen and tripped and fell. A bunch of people saw. I felt like an idiot. \ Oh no!  Are you hurt?  Don't even worry about them. It happens to the best of us.
I wasnt hurt. Nobody laughed but I still cant believe I didnt that. \ I'm glad you're okay.  It is so embarrassing.  I've done that before but at least you got back up!  Pride can heal and a body takes longer to! 
I had an accident today and I never want to show my face again at work. \ That's so sad! What on earth happened?
I accidentally peed my pants when I was laughing.  \ Now that is quite embarrassing! What did your co-workers say?
I was so afraid of going on my first rollercoaster when I was a wee lad. \ I bet! I am still too scared to ride one.
After that first one, I was no longer scared. I enjoy them quite a bit now. \ Maybe I should get over my fear and finally ride one.
My dog chewed a hole in my carpet 2 weeks ago.. I was very disgusted to say the least! \ Haha I'm sorry! My dog is chill now but he ate a hole in the wall when he was a puppy lol
Oh dang, I guess I can't complain too much then, that's brutal! \ Yeah lol what breed is yours? Mine is a golden so he loves eating stuff. Now it's thankfully just actual food.
I'm planning to return to college for engineering which should be cool. \ That is such a brilliant idea, are you excited about it?
Yeah, I have more years left. \ That's awesome, you'll thank yourself later down the road for making yourself do it!
I went to a movie alone recently because none of my friends wanted to go with me \ What movie did you see
Jurassic World. It was okay. \ Yeah I have heard bad things to be honest
I am happy to have my best friend. He always checks up on me \ That's really sweet of him. How long have you been friends?
We have been friends for a few years now \ What do you guys like to do for fun?
I was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down \ Aw, that's too bad. What kind of restaurant was it?
It's Chinese. We go there every weekend. \ Dang, what I would do for some sweet chinese now. Did you find one to replace it?
My armadillo passed away today...RIP Adolph. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Adolph must've had a happy life though.
He did! He used to roll around the backyard like it was his own turf. God bless his four footed soul. \ Man. What was it like having a armadillo as a pet?
I just lost my grandfather a month ago. \ That's really sad. Were you close to him?
I was very close to him.  He was my favorite grandparent and I really miss him. \ I am sorry to hear that. I was pretty distraught when I lost my granddad as well. May he rest in peace.
I have been practicing for the interview tomorrow that all this week. \ It sounds like a big opportunity for you.  Are you ready for it?
I am! I am pretty darn hopeful that I am going to crush this interview. \ Good luck, I'm sure you will do well.
My neighbors drive me crazy and they're so weird. The bring huge Cloud chairs onto their tiny front stoop and lay back side by side together. It looks like they might fall off if they move at all. \ What in the world. Are they doing drugs?
They also sit out on the busy road by the curb and play the trombone.  Its almost like some crazy reality show. ha ha. \ Omg, I would be videoing it for sure lol
My daughter made straight A's all year. I am so happy. \ That is wonderful!  She must be so proud of herself and I know you are proud of her.  Its great that she likes learning so much.
Yes I agree. I let her choose our vacation this summer. She cried because she was so happy. \ Awww, what a great idea!  That's so cute! Where are you guys going?
This mexican place now has a bakery. Can't wait to try some Mexican sweets \ What's your favorite Mexican sweet?
I don't know yet! It'll be my first time trying them. \ I have never had any either. I hope you enjoy them!
I just bought iced coffee yesterday and my brother drank the rest of it without asking me. \ Wow. Does he usually do stuff like that?
Yeah, he will eat or drink whatever he finds in the fridge.  \ Damn well, he's gonna have to learn some boundaries with that.
A new skating rink is being built. Should be done in time for Winter skating \ That's pretty nice! I haven't been skating in a coon's age. Is the rink nice?
So far, it looks pretty nice! \ That's great! I may look it up and go to their grand opening as well.
I have been practicing all week for the interview I have tomorrow. \ Oh you've definitely done your part to prepare. Good luck!
I have! I am so ready to crush this thing. \ What is the position for?
I found my old high school uniform at my parents house. It really brought me back to those fun times. \ I love reminiscing like that, I hope they were all good memories!
For the most part they were. I remember hating that uniform at the time. But now its just good memories. \ I'm glad!  It's funny how we can look back and be able to remember the good times!
I don't know if you have a group like this, but I've got a group of lady friends that I get together with about once a week. \ That seems really nice actually. I do have a few close female friends.
I like that we are so close and can pretty much share everything and anything and know it won't leave the room. We laugh, tell stories, share our lives, it's great. \ You must really trust these people. Yall must have been friends for a long time.
I could never send my parents to a nursing home. I look after them now. \ You are such a good person to do that!
Thank you! They say they feel like they are the kids and it makes them feel young again. \ It's crazy how the tables turn!
Someone took my car stereo from my truck. \ On no! Did you report it?
Yes, I am so furious about it! \ Was it a really expensive one?
My friend so hard in her company. She got promoted to VP \ That's awesome, It's nice to have friends that are role models
Yeah indeed, i am so proud of her \ Hard work is always rewarded!
I thought it was unfair how YouTube banned Alex Jones \ It is indeed unfair, they shouldn't have done that
I think people are just getting riled up for the midterms \ you are right. But hey people just do what they want to!!
I cannot wait for the end of the month. My brother and I are going on a trip back home \ That's great. Where are y'all from?
We are from northwest Louisiana \ I visited once there. The people are very nice.
I think I will never walk into the local grocery store again. \ Why do you say that
It was raining today, and when I walked into the store I slipped and fell right on my face. \ Oh no, were you okay
Have you ever felt lonely in your life? I felt once, when I went to Texas. \ I suppose I have. Why did you go to Texas?
My boss sent me there! On a work trip \ Oh no! Were you all by yourself?
I was playing with my toddler and there was this HUGE spider on his play tent. This spider was seriously so big.  \ ohh! that is frighting. Didn't you scare?
I was so scared, like crap I cant let this giant thing stay loose, one of my cats or dogs or my kid may eat it or something. But I didnt want to get near it either! \ Yeah! I am glad he didn't bite you or something!
When i see  people leave their parents in oldage home. I get furious \ Why does that bother you?
Parents take care of us from small age. But once they get old we leave them there \ Sometimes thats the best option.
I am so angry that my water heater broke. \ ah thats so bad!! did you fix it yet?
No, they are suppose to fix it on Friday. \ you would be irritated for couple of days then 
Maroon 5 songs remind me of my high school dances and hot girls I was too chicken too talk to at the time hahaha \ Well dang man. It's never too late! Just hit her up on the ole Facebook!
You're absolutely right...but these days it's not such a problem haha \ I am sure you two will be having babies in no time if you hit her up right this instant!
My dog pooped on the rug last night. I was so mad at that little imp! \ awww sorry bout your rug...there's a facebook group called doggo you should follow...owners post pics of their dogs with signs around their necks like "I like jumping out of moving cars just to poop in front of strangers" you might be less mad looking at them haha
I think I might check that out! My anger quickly subsided though. She is but a little pup and it is my duty to teach her on where to go to the bathroom! \ Yup.  But here's a link https://www.facebook.com/doggocom/photos/pcb.511713622609187/511711852609364/?type=3&theater
I am Looking for to get a good hike this in the company \ what does that mean?
i am looking forward to get a good hike in the company. I worked so hard this year. \ OH like a raise? If you worked hard they should give it to you
I forgot to sign my daughters tuition check.  \ oh how did you miss that?
I don't know. They were going to send her home on the first day. I dont know why they still want written checks any way \ ah thats so bad!!. You are right in this age we need to get rid of this written checks
I need to replace the engine in my car. \ Oh what happened? Did your car break down?
Yeah, many things went wrong.  I am sure I can change it though. \ Ohh I feel bad for you. I am sure everything going to be alright.
Have you watched champion's league final? \ I haven't but I am familiar with it.
Gareth Bale played his best and I was thrilled after watching him \ What team does he play for?
I am ready for work tomorrow and my team meeting. I have been working on it all night \ That's really great to hear. It's always good to prepare for big events like that. What's the meeting about?
Its just a sales meeting that we have sometimes \ I am sure you're going to crush it into the ground.
I have been studying for my math final all this week. I am going to knock it out of the park! \ That is great to hear. Are you good at math?
Not so much, which is why I have been studying so hard. I'm really looking forward to this one, though, because I am so prepared. \ I hope you do well then
My friend is getting a new truck that I kind of wanted. Its making me feel envious \ Right, sometimes I feel the same way when I feel like I should have something, but then I realize I would get bored from it after a while like everything
That is a great way of looking at it \ Yeah, and it's just one more thing you have to keep track of
I was playing hide n seek when I was a kid and I had to use the restroom, but then I realized after a couple minutes that there was someone behind the shower curtain \ I bet that was awkward
Yeah, nobody said anything \ I guess that happens sometimes, did you finish the game
My girlfriend has been cheating on me with another woman! \ That is terrible and a little odd!
Yeah, tell me about it! I trusted her to only cheat on me with other men, but I just don't know how I can deal with this betrayal!!! \ Wait, you were ok with her cheating?
I can't show my face in the bank ever again! \ Oh my goodness, what happened? Did they find out you owe money to the local crime families? Those bank employees need to mind their own business, am I right!?
How did you guess? You are exactly right. Now they are talking about alerting the police! \ That is absolutely unacceptable. Snitches get stitches, that's what I say. Tell me where they're at and I'll roll up on 'em and tell 'em what for. Just say the word. I've got your back.
My friend has such a beautiful wife. \ Ohh. Good for him. Some guys are born lucky
I know right! I am so envious of him. \ Ohh don't feel bad. I am sure someday you will get one.
Last month I saved my dog. He fell in the river and was drowning \ You are so brave to do that!
Thanks! I was pleased with myself \ Your dog is very lucky!
I love dogs as well. They truly are man's best friend. \ ive had one dogg that I love, but since she did its been hard to love again.
It's very hard to train them from a puppy.  Older dogs know just how to love without being so overeager and annoying \ yeah she was an older family dog.
every time i give a knew speak im getting better and better. \ Engaging in conversation, whether the spoken or written word helps to further communication along.
i feel like I can command my speach better now \ You are doing a great job ! You are following our conversation naturally.
My friend is so luck. We both bought some scratch off tickets and he won $100. I didnt win anything. \ Did he at least take you out to lunch with the winnings?
Not eve. I really wish it were me that won.  \ Maybe you will win next time.
Anytime I see a bear, I run the other way. \ I cant imagine seeing one in real life. I would be so scared.
I have seen a few camping. I always just run away. \ I dont think I could go anywhere where they may be. Its terrifying to think about.
I feel ready for my trip, tomorrow. Everything is ready. \ Cool. Where are you going?
I am going to Mexico. Have you been there? \ I've been to Cozumel. It was lots of fun
School is about to start again! I am so excited. \ It is nice. School can be very exciting.
My kids are ready too. We are going school shopping tomorrow \ Are they happy to go back to school?
i hate when someone dosnt take the hint and will not stop talking \ I agree. That is rude and annoying. How do you handle it?
i try not to be rude, but sometimes people are too dense to get hints so you have to be more direct \ I generally tend to start walking away from them.
I need someone to stay with my elderly mother for a few hours in my home.  \ have you asked your friends for family?
No one is available. She asked someone that I don't know and they are coming. I am a little uneasy. \ i would def feel that way.its hard when you dont know the person or can trust them
My friends threw me a surprise birthday party and gave me a Ferrari. I was so stunned! \ Holy cow! I think I would have passed out if I was you!
I know! I nearly did at the wheel when I was driving it! But I think that was mostly from all the beer I drank that day! \ Oh wow, You probably shouldn't be drinking and driving tho.
My husband just told me the best news ever! \ Oh yeah? And what news might that be?
My husband just signed with the NFL. I never knew he was that good! \ Nice! Did he sign up to be a waterboy?
My crush keeps hanging out with a new guy classmate a lot lately \ I am sure that makes you feel bad, have you talked to them about how you feel?
Not yet. I don't want to destroy what we have if she doesn't feel the same. \ That is a sticky situation to be in
I almost drove off without my phone at the gas station. I felt ashamed \ Oh I'm glad you got it! Did someone call out for you?
I just looked down fast and realized my mistake before I was gone \ You had that instinct. 
I've got a good job, my cat and lots of books. I am pretty happy \ I would be happy too if I had that. What kind of cat do you have?
He's a tabby cat I think. He was a stray when my brother found him. \ Aw, well it's good that you guys took him in. You're a kind sould.
I was always so afraid to go to sleep when I was a little kid...Always thought there were spooky monsters under the bed. \ I think some kids go through that. Did your parents comfort you?
They did try, but there was only so much they could do. It was always just me and the monsters when they left. To this day, I still believe bigfoot is under my bed. Waiting for the opportunity to gnaw my foot off. \ Oh no. Did you get much sleep as a kid at all?
I was cleaning in the yard when I discovered a huge nest of black widow spiders! \ Oh god. That must be terrifying.
Yeah it freaked me right out! I called someone to come get rid of them tomorrow. \ Oh lord. They're still there?
My cat came into my life just as my dog was declining in health \ That sounds very fortunate. Good timing.
Yea. He is an absolute life saver. I would mourned for a lot longer without him. \ Pets are amazing in that way. Glad he was there for you when you needed it.
Spent an hour making this pizza. Now waiting for it to bake \ Boy, what I would do for a slice o that right now. What kind of pizza is it?
I put a lot of spices in the dough and cheese in the crust. I put about 9 different toppings on it. \ Dang, I bet that'll be better than that racist Papa John's pizza!
I ran over a bloated, dead possum today. I was so nasty! \ Oh god. Well, at least it died nice and full.
I think it was bloated from sitting out in the sun for so long. That thing splattered my windshield really good. The smell was horrendous. \ I'm sure it was! Kinda feel bad for it.
I have chosen as one of the top 5 employee in the company to attend seminar with top management!! \ That sounds exciting! The seminar will be a great time to connect with your bosses
yeah indeed!! years of hard work paid off and am so excited!! \ Great! I'm so happy that your hard work was worth it!
I found out my cat likes to eat food with rabbit meat \ Oh really, cat does like that?
Yeah my cat does, but then the company changed the formula and I think she's allergic to this batch \ ah thats horrible. Did you take her to the doctor's?
My goldfish took his journey into the afterlife today. I was so traumatized. \ Oh man. Did you get a chance to say goodbye?
I did. I said goodbye to him while I was feasting upon his delicious corpse. And that is why that will be the last time I take LSD. \ hm must've been a big goldfish.
I'm going to cooking school to become a chef. \ That's pretty cool. Maybe you could toss me a few recipes for recently deceased goldfish?
You got a taste for goldfish now, hu? \ No, no! I swear I don't! I meant the cracker goldfish! The crackers!!!
I was walking in the rain and I fell in a muddy puddle. \ On no! Did you get hurt?
No but I was so humiliated that day at work. \ I bet! I would be too! I am so sorry that happened to you.
So, I just found our my husband is cheating on me. \ Oh my goodness, that's terrible!
I am soo mad. I can't believe he did this after being married for 15 years. \ What do you plan on doing?
I knew that I needed to support my Uncle Bill when he told me he wanted to flee to Canada to escape military duty. Family always comes first. \ Yes indeed! what did you do?
I helped him pack the essentials in his wood-paneled station wagon and filled his gas tank for him. It was the least I could do. \ You did great! Family comes first. And you gave him your support!
I went to Europe last year, to watch a cricket match. \ That's exciting! I have no idea how that sport is even played, but I'm glad you go to go see it! Did the team you were rooting for win?
You should try to watch at least once! Yes, my team won, but as I went there all by myself, I felt isolated! \ I will definitely be on the lookout for it. That is awesome though, you were supporting your team! You may have been all by yourself, but you were the only one getting to celebrate! Hell yeah, brother!
Summers were so much fun when I was kid. \ Why were they fun
Because we always took trips and it was safe for us to play outside alone. Not like now \ Yeah, its not safe at all
I got really joyful when my dad got me my first vehicle. It was just a happy feeling \ Yeah. I know that feeling., although I had to buy my own.
Its a good feeling to get a vehicle whenever \ I know. What kind of car was it
I didn't call my mom back the other day even though I said I would...I feel kinda bad.  \ Well, you can call her today and make up for it?
I have since talked to her! So everything is good. But yeah I just felt kind of bad for lying.  \ Why did you lie to her?
I went to set at dinner with a girl who I thought was my girlfriend. My girlfriend saw the whole thing. \ Wow how did that happen?? 
She looked a lot like my girlfriend from the back. Guess I was super tired, too. \ Well I'm sure you figured out your mistake right away!
I think my crush likes me. I'm gonna ask her out tomorrow. \ You should do it.  I think you'll do great.
Thanks a lot. I hope so, too! \ Where are you going to go on your first date?
Me and my girlfriend broke up today. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. Why did it happen?
The girl is insane. \ Yea. So you didn't get that warning not to date crazy, hu?
I swallowed a fly today on the way home from work. \ Oh gross, did you spit it back out?
I tried, but it wouldn't come out. I was so grossed out and I thought I was going to die on the spot! \ Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Maybe it's not that bad? just drink a lot of water
I'm upset I didn't get the promotion at work I wanted \ That's terrible, my friend. Is there a chance to get it in the near future?
Yeah, maybe next year, I will need to prove my worth \ I am sure you will. Just gotta keep kicking butt and taking names!
i dont like my new neighbors \ Ugh, I hate that!  What are they doing to irritate you?
