My first ever date was a disaster \ Oh no, what happened?
I turned up late and a sweaty mess. Then I talked all the way throguh a movie \ Things will get better.
I can't wait for teh Spanish football season to start \ Do you cheer for a specific team or just watch the matches?
I co-own a team (Eibar) so support them. \ Oh, that's pretty cool, are they good?
I accidentally ate someone else's cake at work \ Really? Did they find out?
Yes, and no, he didn't knew it was me \ Did you not feel that you should admit it? How did you accidentally eat it anyway?
I thought there was more cake, but that was the last slice, and I didn't, I couldn't brought myself to do so \ You are a terrible person. If someone ate my cake I'd be heartbroken!
I know, and now I want to do something nice to compenate \ Buy him another cake. 
Have you ever had your heart truly broken? \ I guess no. Have you?
Yes, when I found out my husband was cheating on me. \ Awful. It doesn't happen to anyone. 
I'm planning to start my world tour. \ For music?
No, I just travelling to see the world. \ How many counties are you planning on vistiing?
my cat vomited on my rug today \ That is a bad cat.
yep i was sickened by it \ Did you clean it up?
Poor people are always asking me for money. \ homeless people can be good sometimes but sometimes its just annoying
Yes, it gets me so irritated. \ thats fair
Wish me luck! \ Hello my friend! I will gladly wish you all the luck in the world, if you would only tell me what I am wishing it for!
Good luck for my examination that is coming up in 2 days time \ Ah, I see! Do you feel prepared for the examination? Did you spend a lot of time hitting the books?
Have you ever been in a situation where you had food on your face and you walked around for awhile without anyone telling you? This just happened to me yesterday and I was so embarrassed! \ Of  course I have, it's really hard 
Yeah, I was mortified when the person told me about it - especially when we were talking for about 5 minutes. \ Was it in the morning? Did you rush home immediately? How did you manage?
A guy cut me off in traffic today \ Arrgg - so annoying. 
I know, i was so annoyed \ Did you shout at him?
I killed some people and fed them to pigs. \ nice
But now I'm having second thoughts \ a bit late for that
I unfortunately decided to go on one of those really risque websites one time. I saw some awful stuff \ Really? What was the address? No - only joking. 
Yeah trust me you don't wanna go on there unless you are really morbidly curious. \ Maybe.
I got an unexpected parcel in the post thsi week \ Oh yeah? What was on it?
It was chocolate and candy from my Aunt \ Ooo that's nice of them!
My girlfriend broke up with me and now is in a relationship with my best friend \ That is the worst thing ever.
It made me feel horrible, I was sad about it \ I hope things get better.
My girlfriend dumped me yesterday. \ Oh man, that's a bummer, how did that happened?
She found someone new.  I am so hurt right now. \ Was she honest about it or did you find out the hard way?
I am looking forward to the new football season. \ Me too. Who do you support?
I am a Cowboys fan.  I can't wait for it! \ I hope they do well for you
I managed to perfectly dispose of some bodies this week. \ Perhaps some pigs helped you out with that?
Exactly. I was so proud of myself when I came up with the idea. \ You are so brilliant.
hey dude actually last night i met my old friend after a long time. \ oh wow thats awesome, i did the same last month it was nice
we both got really excited because it is an unexpected met in a coffee shop \ Oh wow thats crazy, super cool tho
I hope i get the job i applied for last week \ awesome! i will pray go for your work to be assigned to you
thanks \ ok dude it was too late i have to go home else my mom will scold me
Sometimes I think of morbid stuff and, you guessed it, it makes me upset. \ Why do you think about it then?
It just kinda happens occasionally. \ That seems weird to me
My girlfriend has been ignoring me for the whole day \ That's annoying. Why is she doing that?
She has been talking to our new classmate nonstop \ Oof that isn't good, sorry to hear man.
My coworker just bought a new Mercedes. \ Really? It's a nice car to drive.
Yeah, I am so envious of her. \ Me too! Must have cost a lot.
When I went on holiday to San Sebastian I was amazed at how beautful it was \ That sounds so amazing!
It was - it's a spectacular city \ I am so happy for you!
I received a pair of speakers as a compliment.  \ Really? Cool. What did you do?
Since I purchased a new television, I received this compliment. \ Ahh - so they were like a free gift?
I'm all alone now. \ It's pity. But why are you alone?
I fed my family to the pigs. Then the pigs died from food poisoning. \ that was so mean
My pet hamster died the other day. \ wow that sucks
I am so devastated.  \ i can imagine, my condolences 
I cut someone off in traffic today \ Why did you do that?
i was late and i felt so ashamed after \ I'm glad you understand your actions.
My friend got promoted at work \ Oh, that's amazing news
yea i was so happy for him \ Was it a big promotion?
I ordered something online last week, and now I can't wait until it comes on the mail \ oh thats cool
Yes, I'm very excited because of it \ well have fun with that
I was very impressed when my brother came home from college. He was more mature and looked like a grown up. \ college changes you. Sometimes for the worse. Glad to hear about your brother
Yeah it does. He actually lost weight which was good for him. \ probably boosted his self confidence too
I had to adapt to life. I had to change to survive. Now I feel better \ Adapting to life is always good to do.
I am reminded every day that I can survive anything. A friend gave me a special bracelet (paracord) \ Thats a great attitude to have. You should keep with that.
Going back to college is so bittersweet most of the time. \ I understand, you will miss home but also excited for college.
It's also because I have to leave all my friends. \ I agree, but you will get to see them again when you come back!
My son came first in his English class, which is a big deal since he is Asian. \ Oh that makes sense, aren't academics huge in asian culture?
You're right, thats why I am so proud of him for keeping up the family tradition.  \ Good to hear that he is performing so well.
I just ate a whole pack of cookies \ sounds shameful yet amazing
It was. But now I'm feeling rubbish \ Thats fair enough, took many biscuits bad for the health
someone tried to take my phone today \ Really? Like a mugger?
yea i was so mad he even tried that garbage \ What did you do?
I lent a work mate £250 when he moved to South Africa \ Good of you, you are a nice person.
Maybe too nice. I might never see him again \ So looks like you won't be getting your money back any time soon!
I can't let go of my old car, I need to sell it but I also feel so attached to it. \ Have you had it for long?
Yes, it is my grandfathers Cadillac from 1947 \ Wow! That's a classic. Why do you need to sell it?
My dad forgot to pick me up today after school \ that sucks
Yes, specially because he just forgot \ yea i would be sad
A tornado came through my area last week \ Wow, that's hardcore, are you alright?
yea i thought i might die tho \ I would've thought the same, is your house ok?
my cat vomited on my rug today \ Oh no! Was it OK?
yea i was so disgusted tho \ It's nasty. Did you have to clean it up or did someone else?
It's a beautiful day here today. The sun is shining. The birds are singing. The roads are quiet. \ wow sounds great
Yeah - I'm very lucky \ yea i can imagine
English premier league started this weekend. Am so eager for the new season \ I know right! Go Tottenham!
Ah a spurs fan!! Go Red devils go !!. Any way good luck for your team \ This is will be a great season!
Someone stole my newspaper this morning. \ you must have been annoyed!!
I am so angry thinking about it! \ ah thats so bad of your neighbors!!
Me and my friends ran out of gas in the middle of nowhere one time. It was scary. \ Oh my, how did you manage to get out of that situation? Did you hitch a ride?
We walked to a gas station that was luckily pretty close by.  \ Phew! Good have ended a lot worse if that gas station wasn't there.
My parents planned a welcoming party behind my back when I came back from college! \ That's cool of them! How was it?
yea I was so surprised, it went well, except the part where they invited my ex!  \ Oh that's awkward haha.
Hi, I was going exploring with my mates, and got trapped in a cave! \ Oh, not good, how did that happened?
Well, we went inside the cave, and then it started raining and the cave was submerged with water. It was so terrifying!  \ I could imagine it was, did someone got hurt?
The person at the Registry who was taking my information was very annoying \ Were they being rude to you?
She was typing too slow, and even misspelled my name twice in a row, even though I spelled it slowly  \ Ugh! She was probably doing it on purpose to annoy you!
Have you ever thought something was yours and you wanted it so bad only to find out that it wasn't? \ yea it feels so bad
It just happened to me, I thought I had my dream job. \ wow that really sucks, im sure you will bounce back
my cat vomited on my rug today \ Is she sick or was it was one time thing?
one time thing, i was quite mad \ Was it a new rug
Someone ate the last slice of pizza. \ Scumbag! How can we find out who?
I never will.  I am so mad about it! \ There must be some way. Let's look at the suspects.
I'm very lonely now. \ Why are you so lonely?
I fed my family to the pigs. Then the pigs got food poisoning and died too. \ Oh, you and your silly pigs.
I'm worried about what could happen in the future with all these climate changes. \ Yes, I agree it's a big concern. Do you live in an area of the world directly affected?
Yes, according to some people the place I live could be underwater in a few years if things continue like this.   \ That's really scary! I'll try to keep spreading the word for people to be more eco-conscious.
I recently found out a good friend of mine has been cheating on her fiance for years. \ How awful! how do you feel about it?
Very angry and frustrated that she would behave that way. It makes me think less of her as a person. \ Yes I understand, it is really sad when you find that people you have known a long time can be very different from what you thought.
I got a kitten and he was sick for a week so i nursed him to health \ That is so great of you.
yea i really wanted to keep him alive, i cared for him so much \ I am very happy for you.
There is a big storm approaching.  \ sounds scary
I am so ready for it! \ good luck with that then
I'm very lonely now. \ Why you say that?
Well, since I fed my family to the pigs I'm all alone. \ That is such a shame to hear, you could try having an imaginary friend
I do. He was the one that told me to kill my family. \ He sounds like a bad influence
Thats what the shrink said. They gave me pills to get rid of him. But I didn't take them. \ Good, don't get rid of the only friend you have
I have a test due on Monday, and I'm sure I wont pass \ Maybe you've still got time to do some prep.
I know everything we covered in our lessons, but I feel that it is still not enough \ Is tehre anyone you could ask to help you prepare?
I bought 30 lottery tickets and I found out I did not win the lottery in any of them! \ well the odds are quite bad but that still sucks
I agree, but I thought it was worth a shot. i am so sad I lost all that money. \ yea i can imagine
I applied for a job last week \ Nice, have you heard back yet?
no but i hope to \ Hopefully you will get it if you prepared well!
my heart cannot contain my joy to know that I can carry my grand child \ That must be such an amazing feeling!
It is a mile stone achievement, I think only someone that gave birth early can boost of this feeling at 40 \ Well I'm really happy for you, man.
My car broke down so I needed someone to drive me somewhere otherwise I was gonna be late for my date! \ Good thing is you had an alternative. How did your date go?
It went well until she stopped talking to me, but ya know. \ I hope you can find a way to convince her if you really like or love her
I randomly bumped into someone I havent seen for years yesterday \ Oh, how did that go?
Good. She's just got married. That was a surprise \ That is an interesting meeting.
Someone stole one of my pigs. \ You too? One of mine died from food poisoning recently. What are you going to do?
Nothing, I use them to get rid of evidence.  I am so upset about it. \ You know what they say, don't you? "You can always buy a new pig - just don't, under any circumstances, involve the cops"
I forgot my speech at the investor meeting today. I started sweating and stuttering so badly ugh! \ Did you have notecards?
No, I thought I could just memorize it. I feel so embarrassed now I just want the ground to swallow me. \ Was it about a proposal?
Have you ever broken someone elses heart ? \ I think I have, it made me feel bad. have you?
Yes, my husbands. I knew what I had to tell him would break his heart and its the hardest thing I've ever done \ Do you feel bad about it now? I think you do but sometimes we have to do hard things in life.
I applied for a job last week \ Oh, did you get it?
havent heard back but im hoping \ I wish you all the best.
My friend just bought a mansion. \ wow thats crazy
Yeah, I am so envious of him. \ i would be too
I applied for a job last week \ How did that go then?
seemed ok, hoping they call me back \ I'd hope so too!
I totally thought that I failed this midterm but I somehow passed it! \ wow thats awesome
Yeah it made me really happy and it shocked me too. \ i bet it did
I saw someone eating something they picked up from the trash \ Yuck. I suppose some people need to do that to survive though
But they had no need to do it, they just thought it was still edible \ Really? Did you say anything to them?
Yes, it happened at the food court, I asked them not to do it \ What did they say?
I woke up to a strange noise in my house last night. I thought it was burglars \ Oh, so scary, what was it?
It was my fridge fan coming on.  \ Oh, sounds like you should replace it
I watched a TV show last night where a guy ate a live squid \ Oh my, that is so disgusting. Why would you watch something like that?
I normally like the show - its a travel thing so he eats cuisine in different countries. \ Oh I see, I don't think I would be able to eat something like that!
I still remember the dat when my dad got me an xbox for christmas.  \ Yeah - how old were you?
I was 18. I was so joyful the whole day just played xbox with my brother. \ What game did you have?
I was very unsure about my first day of high school. I was just not sure how it was going to go for me. \ How did it go?
It was fine. I had nothing to worry about and it was a good experience for me. \ Thats good. It doesnt always work out that well.
I know, I guess I was lucky \ you and me both
I find myself of people with nice cars lately. \ That is good, do you like nice cars?
I forgot tosay jealous. oops. my car quit and i have to catch rides everywhere  nic cars upset me now. \ I am sorry about your car trouble, good luck with that.
my friend got my dream job \ Dang that's annoying.  Is there anyway you can still get a similar job?
hopefully but im so envious of him \ Yeah that's understandable.
I saw a couple of kids walking around in their high school football uniforms after practice the other day. \ oh really?
Yeah it really took me back to when I was doing the same thing. \ yea nostalgia is a real kicker
A guy keeps asking me about pigs. \ What do you mean?
Where he can buy them, what they eat, how many would it take to dispose of a body. I don't know anything about pigs. It's annoying. \ That's really strange of them haha.
I'm really looking forward to going back to college. \ Yeah - what will you be studying?
I'm studying computer engineering but the main thing that I'm looking forward to is having my own room! \ Ahh - when you are home do you have to share?
My friends left me and I had to walk home by myself without anyone to talk to \ wow thats quite rude of them
I agree, i felt so lonely because of their actions.  \ i can imagine
i knew no one first semester of college \ Aw did you feel lonely? I was like that too but I found friends in my second year.
yep it sucked quite a bit \ Don't worry, hit the gym and join student clubs.
I saw someone put chocolate on their nachos. \ That should be a crime!
I was so grossed out! \ I would be too, it must have tasted disgusting! What a waste of nachos. 
I record myself sleeping. And today I played the recording and heard a strange voice \ What did the voice say?
It was just mumbling "get out of my house" I was so terrified!  \ I thought the voice was telling you to feed the pigs again.
I just ate a whole pack of cookies. I feel like such a pig. \ oh really? that makes me feel rubbish too
Yeah - but they tasted really good \ def worth it
my friends uncle died last year \ Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. Did you know him well?
kind of it was quite sad \ Yeah - it can be upsetting
I've never owned a car before and my friend has gotten 3 of them for free. \ maybe buy one then? gotteeem
Damn you trolled me epic style my friend. \ 5 likes in the chat?
I saw a bird fly into my window today \ That's pretty bizarre.
yea it got bopped \ Whopped in the beak by that glass.
I am hoping to get a new job next week \ You must have felt hopeful, where did you apply?
Last week \ I see, I think you will get the job
My can ran out of gas whilst I was driving in the outbacks of Australia. \ Really - recently? The temperature there can get REALLY high can't it?
I agree, but I had to retrieve a treasure. I ended up getting so terrified. I had to walk to my hotel. \ What kind of treasure?
I ate at the Olive Garden earlier. \ oh that sounds quite nice
I was impressed with the meal. \ oh yea?
I saw an old cartoon i used to watch \ What cartoon was it?
ren and stimpy, really brought back some memories \ Oh those were the good old days.
One time I saw something I wanted in a guy's house that I didn't even like much, so I took it. I felt bad after I did. \ seems worth it tho
Yeah it was pretty worth  \ nice
My cat vomited on my rug today \ That's annoying
yea i know i was quite mad \ I would be too so that's fair.
I studied for a test for 3 days straight this week \ Sounds pretty unfun to me
yea but now i feel good about the test \ Glad to hear that the studying paid off
Even though I knew I was gonna do bad on the physics final and that I didn't need to do well, I was still really nervous walking into it. \ yea i know how that feels
It really does not feel good. \ yea it feels extra bad
I was really lonely sitting alone in the train \ that sucks. Sometimes it doesn't matter if you're surrounded by people, you can still feel alone
Yeah most especially when you have no friend around \ the hardest lesson in life is that we're all alone
I was sucker punched when I was 17. The guy broke his hand and fled the scene. I saw him one time after this riding a bicycle but didn't do anything. \ Lols why didn't you do anything 
I wasn't confident. Now I regret not punishing him.  \ Awww but it's still good that you didn't push him, Cox it might lead to something else 
I've been taking care of my aging mom for 5 years now and don't really have any friends, since so much time is used taking care of her. \ That is a nice thing you are doing for her though. Maybe you could hire somebody for a few hours a week and join a gym or yoga class. 
Thank you. Can't afford outside help unfortunatley. Yes. I have picked up exercising though. \ Go to a walking path or park. Maybe to a dog park also. 
A little baby turtle was crossing the road the other day and I was in a hurry and didn't stop and help him. I hope he made it. I usually stop and take them to a creek away from the road. Darn! \ Can't always help unfortunately. I hope the little guy made it, too!
They're so pitiful with their little heads up , like where are you mom, where did you go.  \ I wonder how they get all the way to the road away from the other turtles!
I finally have a good career and financial stability in my life \ wow thats awesome, must feel nice
I agree, I feel so content at this point. I have achieved what I have been working so hard for. \ hopefully i also reach that point
I cut someone off in traffic today \ Do you feel bad about it? You should be more careful next time.
yea i was in a rush and im ashamed \ As you should bee. but its okay, we are all human and make human mistakes some times.
I studied really hard for a physics test and it was the first time that I ever knew that I did well on a test before. \ dang thats impressive
Yeah man it felt good to not do awful on a test for once \ nice job
my cat vomited on my shoes today \ Man that's the worst.
yea i bopped him afterwards \ Feels so good man
I was so proud of my son for winning he's soccer match. \ He must be a good player!
He's becoming a really good player. He has developed a lot since the beginning of the season. \ You must be a great parent!
A dog was chasing me down my street. \ Oh no, you must have been very scared. 
Yes, I was so scared of getting bit. \ Did you get away? Why was the dog chasing you in the first place?
No one wants to each lunch with me at work. \ Why don't they eat lunch with you?
Because I think they find me boring. I feel so lonely and unmotivated to work hard because of that. \ I'm sorry to hear that.
My son got into a fight with a bully. \ That does not sounds good! Are you proud of him for standing up?
I am so happy he won! \ I am glad for him. Bullies should not be allowed to behave badly towards others.
Hi! I watched a movie yesterday with my son. \ That's good, how old is your son?
He is 23 and he picked a movie I didn't really want to see. \ Oh he is quite a grown man. I bet you wanted to catch up on old time growing up with him
Why won't I feel good about my son's accomplishments? \ Do you have certain expectations for your son?
He just made me a grand father, he had twins :) \ That's something for which to be proud!  Why don't you feel good about it?
My wife just makes me furious \ Oh that sucks.  What is it that she does?
She just seems to be nagging me all the time. Whats with women?  \ They're professional naggers.  It's just what they do.
We were finally ready to buy the house from my mother in law. \ That awesome, must have been a proud moment for you both.
Well it would have been, but we had to wait because it turned out the people renting it had signed an 18 month lease. \ That sucks. Is there no way of getting them out?
I hate getting ghosted by girls from Tinder. \ foids are trash ree
That's what Im saying \ get me some dat respect
My friend got promoted last week after one month of working \ That's good to hear that his hard work paid off
yea i was impressed how quick he was \ True, a month is not too long.
I reflect back on life and just think of those times I forgot to go to my daughters matches \ oof those memories can hurt
I agree, it fills me with guilt that I watched her childhood go by. \ yea i can imagine
My friend got promoted last week after one month of working \ Nice! I hope you feel happy for him and not jealous! 
yea i was impressed how quick he was \ Yup, hard work tends to do that.
 found out my son has been bullying other kids at school. \ That is so terrible.
Yes it is. And I told him that. I am just so disappointed in him. \ I hope he learns his lesson.
I had to put my dog to sleep yesterday. \ So sorry to hear that. You must feel sad.
I am hurting so bad right now. \ Time will heal. Remember you dog for all the good memories. 
I proposed to my girlfriend and she said yes! \ Congratulations, thats great news. How did you propose?
I put the ring in a casserole.  I'm so happy she said yes! \ Yeah man, it would have sucked if she said no.
I love my girlfriend but she can get me so angry \ Why does she get you angry?
She's constantly jealous and I feel stifled  \ I hope things get better you two.
I feel quite satisfied with my life. I've seen everything and done everything what there is in life.  \ You must be really happy, I bet you have a beautiful wife and lots of money in the bank :)
Actually, we're not rich. But she is beautiful to me, yes. I just want to sit back and enjoy life in the countryside far away from cities that perpetuates the poverty.  \ That is what matters, to have a supportive and lovely wife
Loneliness is very bad, I miss my partner \ I understand. I have been lonely most of my life. But, it gives it back and it makes up the loneliness part. 
Is there any chance for us to break free from loneliness? \ I have a solution for that, but I wouldn't advocate you doing it. 
My friend got my dream job \ Oh no, that must have been awkward 
yea i was quite envious of him \ Does he know that that was the job you wanted?
I feel apprehensive every time I have to make a speech \ i am the same
I don't know why but its just the fact that I feel vulnerable in front of everyone  \ yea i know what you mean
If I knew I was going to meet such incidents in Washington, I should have gone to Florida \ Sounds like you had a bad experience. What happened in Washington?
I met my girl friend sleeping with my best friend :(  \ Oh goodness! How did you react?
My old car finally died last week after 200,000 miles. \ Wow, it has served you well
I agree, but I am so sad now that I will have to salvage it. \ Yes you do that buddy
I had my test for a new certification at work.  I really wasn't that nervous for it though. \ You must have prepared well in advance to not be nervous!
Yeah I studied hard before and worked my tail off so I felt good about it! \ Good for you! Hard work always pays off buddy.
My wife planned a welcoming party for me behind my back! \ That's nice of her!  I bet you were shocked when you saw everybody!
I was! I was surprised at how secretively they had kept it. It brightened up my week. \ That's awesome, it's nice to feel loved.
I'm feeling happy at the moment. \ Why's that?
I'll be going to dinner tonight with some friends and I'm really looking forward to it. \ That's really nice to hear, I hope it goes well.
One time me and some friends were out driving and we almost crashed since it was so dark and rainy. \ Oh no that sounds really scary!
It really was, I was super scared. \ Luckily you weren't hurt though!
i have lot of hope on my parents i just left my boy friend because of my mother \ It must have been a very hard decision for you.
yes but that is not a problem i sacrificed for my mother she is everything , i hope she will give a best life to me \ I hope so too, it will take hard work but its possible.
I was trapped in a cave with my mates for 15 days \ i feel so worried about this its impossible to stay for 15days
I agree, it was terrifying but eventually rescue workers found us! \ oh, thank god you were escape you have to thank god for doing great things
I am looking forward to the new Star Wars movie. \ oh yea same
I can't wait to see it! \ seems super cool
my dad died last year \ I'm sorry to hear that.
yea i was really destroyed at the time \ I hope you are feeling better.
One of my friends loves to be really irritating by playing devil's advocate to everything. \ yea i know that tilts me so hard
He's quite the piece of garbage. \ yea i bet he is
I studied hard for this test so im ready to take it \ That's good, think you're gonna get an A?
hopefully i will, feeling like im good to go \ Yeah hopefully you do pretty well at least.
I was impressed by the 2018 Fifa world cup \ I was as well. What was it that impressed you most?
I thought that it wouldn't be any good considering that Russia was hosting but it turned out amazingly and some of the matches were just spectacular.  \ Definitely. Hopefully the next World Cup will surprise just as much.
I won a free trip to Florida. It's not the best vacation, but I'll take it for free. \ Why wasn't it good? Florida sounds like an ideal destination.
I've been to Florida many times before so it wears on you. \ I know what you mean but hey like you said, it was free.
I feel guilty when I'm around other peoples belongings \ Why's that? Do you think people will assume you are stealing?
When I was in year 6 I was accused of stealing and was kind of publicly humiliated in front of the whole school. \ That's terrible. I could see how that would stay with you.
I won a lottery for a small amount of money. \ Awesome, are you a millionaire now?
No, I wish. It was only a few hundred dollars. \ At least you won something though. I've never won anything from the lottery.
I have a wife that can carry the burden of the whole world on her shoulders \ Wow that sounds like one tough cookie!
Yea she is so nice and wants to help everyone she meets \ Yeah that's nice but at some point you have to learn your own limits.
In just two weeks my wife and I will get to find out the gender of our second kid! \ oh thats nice, it's a happy thing to expect a child
Yeah we're pretty pumped, can't wait. \ Congratulations buddy
After the hurricane last year my town was really damaged and it caused a lot of problems \ I can only imagine the destruction and how horrible it is to deal with that!
yes, my town was flooded from the surge, and the winds ripped alot of roofs off \ I am very sorry to hear that. I hope for your sake that things are getting back to normal and the destruction is being taken care of.
I am in a very fulfilling relationship. My partner and I mesh so well together it brings me great joy! \ thats great, I feel there is someone out there for everyone
I feel the same and I finally found mine (after many fails lol)! \ I hear you there , I have also, but now I am in the best relationship ever!!!
I had dumplings at a hotel yesterday, and for a hotel restaurant food they were actually good. \ sounds awesome
Yes, it was a tasty lunch. \ i would have loved to do the same
My cat vomited on my shoes \ That's not too nice, did you punish him?
no hes a cat so its hard to punissh him but i was mad \ Hopefully this was just a one time thing.
I had to eat dinner by myself. \ I hate eating dinner by myself.  What happened that you ended up eating dinner alone?
I thought many bad thoughts.  I hate being by myself. \ I dont like being alone much either.  What would cause you to have bad thought?  Were you scared?
I got into an argument the other day with my 18 year old son.  I still feel badly about it \ Did you resolve things?
Yes eventually, but I am sorry to admit that I said things I should have never said to him out of anger. \ I hope you can get over that pain.
I was drunk out of my mind last night and said rude things to my wife and children. \ I know the feeling.
I agree, I feel ashamed now. \ It's hard to hold back the truth sometimes.
I have to make a six layer bean dip later. \ Sounds like a lot of hard work.
I am sure it will be good. \ i agree.
My brother was in a drunken mood last night. He said nasty things and broke my furniture  \ That's not acceptable even if he is drunk.
I agree, I am so angry with him. He has been doing for years now.  \ I hope you get to set him straight somehow.
My dad gave me this necklace and I wear it every single day now. \ You must be very happy now.
Yeah I really like it. \ I hope you keep it forever.
I look after my sister whilst my parents were away. \ thats good of you
Thanks I appreciate it. \ yea no problem
My cat vomited on my shoes \ Eww, did you get angry with her?
yea i was mad and disgusted \ I hope you didnt abandon her.
My cat vomited on my shoes \ I hate cats that throw up.
yea sadly they all do once and a while \ I am sure your shoes can be cleaned.
I lost my wedding ring. \ wow that sucks
I am so hurt over it. \ yea hopefully you find it
A good friend of mine moved away recently and we lost contact. I really wish we would still speak. \ I know how that feels. Maybe try reaching out.
That's a good idea. Maybe I'll try that soon. \ SOmetimes you have to be the bigger person
I can't believe I am up so early, it's the weekend! \ I know. It seems like I've been up early every weekend for a while now. Really wish I could sleep in!
I told myself last night I would sleep in but I guess my body doesn't want to \ What can you do when your body refuses to cooperate, eh?
I walked into a final knowing that I was gonna fail and it was so nerve wracking. \ Why were you so down on yourself about failing?
It wasn't so much that I was gonna fail as know that I had to sit in there for hours and I was gonn fail anyway. \ Thats not a great attitude as you at least must give a go. You only fail if you don't try.
I find it hard to be faithful \ To your partners, you mean?
Yeah cause I love women and can't seem to settle for one.  \ You should find a way to be satisfied with just one person.
Someone was speeding on the road and I got into an accident with them. My car was totalled because of their carelessness. \ Dang that's really annoying.  Is your insurance going to cover it?
Yes, but not as much as the car was worth and it wasn't an enjoyable situation. \ Yeah dealing with an accident is one of the most aggravating things.
My Mother in Law offered to buy us almost all the furniture for the nursery. \ That's a great gesture! Is this for your first child?
Yes, we weren't expecting it so it was extra nice! \ Definitely. Congratulations and good luck!
i stole some money from my parents when i was a kid \ Why did you do that?
i was dumb and young \ Yeah, we all were at some point.
My neighbor left feces on my lawn. \ thats disgusting
I am so irritated about it. \ i would be to
I love when my kids are asleep \ Oh really? Why is that? Because you don't have to deal with their antics while they're knocked out?
Exactly. Somebody gets it. They ar just so sweet and quiet then lol \ I can imagine. Fortunately, I don't have any kids yet, so I do not know the pain of dealing with a bunch of crazy kids! Although, it must be very rewarding.
Have you ever stubbed your toe before? I did this morning when I got out of the shower and it felt like my life flashed before my eyes. \ It is one the worst pains. You would think we'd keep our toes more protected
I know!!!! I am defintiely never wearing sandals again. I discovered that my feet are far too fragile. \ Stepping on legos are just as bad. and they are my kids' favorite toys!
I have never been  this unhappy in my whole life \ I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried to talk to a professional about that?
I will try but it's my brother he took a car I saved so much to buy and had an accident with it  \ That's terrible. I hope the situation sorts itself out.
I let a friend watch my dog for a week while I was out of town. I would've been devastated if anything happened to him. \ trust your god feeling, everything will be alright
I hope so. I've only had my dog for a short time and this is my first time away from him. \ Did you buy all the essential items the dog will need? 
My mother needs a liver transplant. \ That's intense, what for?
She drank too much during her youth.  I am so sad thinking about it. \ That's awful, I hope she turns out alright.
I had a tough calculus final coming up so I studied really hard until I knew for a fact that I'd pass. \ You should be confident. 
Yeah I definitely was on that specific test. \ I am proud of you!
I really needed to workout one day since I skipped the day before. I quickly made a meal and then a protein shake to get ready. \ That's good! Keep it up. It's hard to follow routine sometimes
Yeah definitely, I get unmotivated sometimes. \ It'll pay off in the end
I should be asleep right now! It's the weekend \ Same here, though it is the summer for me.
For me too, I guess my body doesn't need any more rest \ I guess so, though I'm tired so I want to sleep.
I get annoyed when I see over weight people \ LOOOLLL I'm the same way I hate their lack of willpower!
I just don't understand why they let themselves go. \ Yeah at what point would you not look yourself in the mirror and be disgusted?
I think they like what they see. \ I think people find a way to lie to themself, and convince themselves that it isn't that bad.  body dismorphia.
My dog has cancer, and he's starting to walk around really slowly. \ So sorry, that must be devastating for you. 
Yeah it's tough to kind of see him on his last leg. \ How long does he have left?
I get embarrassed when I have to get intimate  \ Why do you get embarrassed?
I'm not sure if I'm any good at it and am always evaluating my performance.  \ I bet you are great at it!
I saw a man eat a handful of roaches. \ Yuck thats disgusting, did you throw up?
Almost, it was so gross! \ Was he insane or was it a part of he's culture? 
I am looking forward to the new pizza joint opening here. \ yes! pizza is on of lifes simple joys,  what is your favorite kind of pizza?
New York style pepperoni.  I can't wait to try it. \ ohhh yes, NY style is thin crust right?
I just got my final exam grade back and I scored a perfect score! \ I am so proud of you!
Thank you so much! i needed this little confidence boost. \ I wish you the most success!
I'm having a birthday party for my daughter later today, I think I have everything we need \ Yes! thats so fun, are you excited?
Yes I think I am more excited than her, LOL. She's turning 3 \ HAHAHAH she probably has no idea whats going on.
I once was bragging about how drunk I got the night before, only to find out t wasnt even alcohol I was drinking. \ No way! hahaha How did you find out?
HAH My firend had gotten tired of all my bragging and broke the news. \ How embarrassing! lol
I watched as the knife cut my buddies arm wide open. \ omg it must have been quite an experience for you
I was disraut, I couldnt believe my eyes. \ I hope he is alright now
How can I ever believe in people again \ What do you mean? is everything okay?
I borrowed money to a friend and he travelled out of the country and never returned \ WOW! he never came back? thats hilarious and terrible.
I was saying goodbye to all of my friends like I would never see them again. \ Oh that's sad, are you going somewhere?
It was the last day of school, It was such a bittersweet moment. \ Oh yeah I remember that.  Pretty tough.
I finally got a time with my buddy to go camping in a couple weeks! \ Yes! me and my buddy go camping every year when it cools off.
Yeah that's what we were waiting on, I'm pumped. \ Yeah its been WAY to hot here lately to do anything.
On my first big rollecoaster of my life, and the loop was coming up. \ That sounds so scary!
Oh my gosh, I didnt know I was afraid of heights until now. \ I'm sorry, heights are the worst.
Someone stole my ketchup at work. \ OH NO! I would have been runnning up and down the halls yelling.
Yes, I was so livid about it. \ Did you find out who did it and publicly spray ketchup all over them.
So, here I was home from work. My new husband and dad were remodeling tour trailor's bathroom. I went to change to help. A little green lizard was on my shirt. In an INSTANT this yucky thing JUMPED on my head. I screamed so bad my dad said "I think you better go check on your wife." \ That sounds so frightening! Was your husband helpful?
No! He just sat there laughing as I screamed for him to find that lizard. Reptiles are gross to me.  \ I agree! I would have been screaming, too! (And I would have been annoyed at my husband for laughing!)
I recently completed my masters degree in education at almost 40 years old. I feel really pleased with myself. \ Oh My Goodness! How wonderful!!!! That is so awesome! Congratulations. 
Thanks! It was a huge challenge, and I'm SO glad to have it behind me!  \ Wow! I better! I Stopped at Associates of General Studies, because I wanted to be a mom more. So that is a HUGE step for you! 
Being a mom is great, too! And you never know- maybe you'll go back to school in the future! Thanks!  \ This is TRUE! I am glad to be at home with these guys right now. Have a great day! 
My best friend just sent me the, oh nevermind not tonight text again. \ Sorry to hear that, thats disappointing when people pull out last minute.
I know! no warning, I was all dressed ready to go to. \ Did you let them know how you felt?
I get excited around men and not sure if I might be gay \ Yes may very well be gay. Nothing wrong with that.  Ive had alot of gay friends.
I'm just scared of taking the first step and feel very vulnerable. \ If you just stay confident and believe in yourself I know you can do it!
It was the day of the week i finally get to see my favorite grandmother. \ I am so happy for you!
Thank you so much, My grandmother always has fun stuff to do at her house! \ Enjoy your time there!
I had a meal at the Cheesecake Factory. \ What did you eat? was it delicious.
I had pizza, I was satisfied with my food. \ Pizza is my lifeblood, along with beer.
I came home to find all of my online shopping at my front door. \ Were you excited or annoyed that the driver left them there?
Very happy1 \ I know the feeling when you get the items you ordered. I think the anticipation os more exciting then actually having them.
Dogs are so caring and lovely \ yes they are so soft and fun to cuddle to.
I just feel the love and joy when I'm around them. I wish I could feel the same around people. \ HA if only, If only people told you what they wanted like dogs do.
I always feel confident after a few drinks \ That is the case for me too!
I wish I could be like that normally instead of a insecure mess. \ Yeah, I know that feeling.
It took an hour for my pizza to get here. \ Wow thats a long time to wait for pizza.
I am so upset by the slow service. \ did you complain? Or at least ask for a discount.
I wore my old letter jacket yesterday, I found it stuffed back in my closet. \ Was there anything in the pockets?
nope, I was hoping to maybe find money, or a girls phone number. \ haha the best would have been the girls phone number
Have you ever had that person or worked with that even when you just look at them you get mad? \ HAHA yes all the time, and its even worse when they speak.
Yes! They work across the hall from me and everyday she tries to talk to me and I feel bad but I jsut shake my head at her. \ Ugh, yes like cant you tell from my body language I dont want to talk.
Im always giving life advice to my best friend. \ I bet they don't follow it
nope,  young people know everything already. \ welll one day they will see you were right
I miss when my daughter was a baby, I wish I could go back in time \ How old is she now? why do you miss her baby stage?
Shes 5 now. It was much easier \ I see, she is probably all rambunctious now.
I know that I can do anything that I set my mind too, It s not even a question. \ That is some confidence.
Thats all that I need in life,  sometimes I have more than others. \ I am envious of you.
I have a major exam to take on Monday. \ Have you been studying? how do you feel about it?
I am so ready for it! \ great! I just took all of my finals last week.
My new girlfriend and my dog became friends way too fast. \ That sounds somewhat weird.
I just mean my dog usually has to warm up to people. \ Ok, I get it now.
I saw a really scary movie last night. \ what movie? did you survive the night?
The Ring, it was so frightening! \ OH my god! the ring scaed me half to death when it came out omg. IM scared thinking about it.
I am meeting my blind date today for the first time. \ Are you excited for it?
Yes but also anxious at the the same because I have no idea what they look like! \ I hope they are attractive.
I dumped my girlfriend for a younger woman. \ Oh my, why on earth did you do that?
She was better looking.  I am so ashamed. \ As you should be, you hurt your girlfriend's feelings.
I watched my best friend juggle knifes. \ Are you serious? I wish I could do that. Was he apart of a show
Yes, he does it as a talent at various shows. \ Thats awesome- I wish I could do that like that impressive.
I was so close to breaking my wifes heart- have you ever broken someones heart? \ yes I have and its not fun at all, why would you have to break your wifes?
I was out of town with some friends and we went out to the bar and met up with some people. \ Oh I see, why would that break her heart?
I was devastated when my aunt died alone. She had a heart attack and no one was there for her. \ I'm so sorry, how sad.  Do you wish you had been with her to say goodbye.
I really do. I used to go to her house a lot, and I could have been there then too. \ Of course I can understand it, but at least she probably didn't suffer and is now in heaven.
I was in the mall yesterday, here in the small town where I moved las month,  when I met a school frien I hadn't seen in years. \ That is always nice. Were they excited to see you?
Yes we were both excited, and the most amazing thing is that we were buying the same shirt in the same store. \ That is awesome. Life can be random like that sometimes.
My grandmother was my saving grace growing up, I was on a bad path. \ She sounds like a sweet woman.
Yes she gave me all of the love i could ask for. \ I am so envious of you.
I remember when the Ice Cream man came around my neighborhood. \ me too haha! now they re all painted as molestors.
Those were the good old days! \ Thats right.  the world is so scary now a days.
I could believe it, Did my friend really just say they loved me. \ That's a bit shocking, huh?
very very much, we had only been friends a few weeks. \ Wow I wonder what will happen now
I spilled my whole cup of coffee on myself at work yesterday \ oh my god man, was it hot?
Yeah pretty hot. Thankfully I live close enough that my boss let me go home and change mt clothes \ imagine having a mean boss and having to wear that all day ha
finally no more school for me! \ Hooray, celebrate and have fun until you have to start working and it all begins again.
Yes I am dreading but am excited about that aspect. \ Be happy dude cause your on to a new chapter in your life. But whatever you do make sure you wake up every day wanting to do it.
I often feel jealous of my friend \ why is that?? what do they have that you dont have?
I know its not right but he has the perfect girl, the perfect job and the looks to boot. \ Yesh that can be hard to deal with, but I believe you will have it all one day too.
I was looking at this huge croud knowing I was about to have to walk right into it. \ Were you nervous and what for?
I had to find my lost buddy, and nervous is an understatement. \ Oh no, how old was he? 
I constantly feel disappointed at myself \ why do you feel that way? what is going on?
I just think I'm not good enough and constantly doubt myself and my abilities \ never be that way! you are amazing and perfect and awesome!
My drawing won a blue ribbon at the art fair. \ Good job! You must be so proud of yourself.
So happy, i have never been an artist before this moment I felt. \ Maybe its time to launch your art career full time.
I finally reached my weight loss target which I have chasing for 6 months. \ thats honestly amazing, keep it up and never go back.
Thank you. I am so proud of myself and that gives me even more motivation! \ yes, i have been fighting my weight my whole life.
My friends ha to push me from behind because I refused to slid down the slide. \ That is very mean of them. How did you react?
I know right? I was screaming the whole way down. \ I hope it wasn't too scary for you and you can laugh it off now.
I have been without water for two days and my water company still hasnt fixed the issue. \ Oh my god! how have you been bathing?
Thats the thing. I haven't bathed in two days and its making me angry. \ oh my, don't lift up your arms!
My new best friend has already found a better best friend than me. \ That sounds bad. Do you feel lonely now?
Yes! i mean how could they move on so fast? \ I agree, I guess they weren't a good friend after all 
My girlfriend dumped for my best friend. \ oh now man, thats terrible.  She didnt deserve such an amazing person like you.
Thanks. I am absolutely devastated. I have not slept in what feels like ages. \ thats no good at all! you may feel better after you sleep yeah?
I can honestly say I have everything i could ever ask for. \ That must be a great feeling, huh?
Yes! its been so o long since I have been this happy with my life. \ i'm glad to hear that!
I ate the last piece of cake... it was supposed to be my husband's \ Uh oh, well with all of the things you do for him, I think he will survive.
True true, I'd be a little mad too LOL \ LOL I would be slightly upset im not gonna lie.
My wife is my support, she is everything I need. \ Does she fulfil every need for you? 
yes she does, I really could not live a day without her. \ That's so reassuring to hear, that true love is still out there
I got the best phone call today \ what happened? how long have you been waiting?
I was offered my dream job \ yay! that is amazing! when do you atart?
I just ate an entire pizza and had a cup of nice warm hot coffee.  \ Yum! Pizza for breakfast? My favorite.
Yep, it was left over from last night. I feel so utterly content, I think I am going to go back to sleep. \ Yes enjoy the weekend lol
I woke up too early. Everyone else is sleeping \ Go back to sleep!
I tried but can't. I'm going to give it another shot though! \ I agree, just a read a boring book and you will be snoozing in no time
Did you ever purhase gas for under $1? \ Never. I don't remember a time when it was that cheap anywhere in the world
I remeber my mom taking us to school once and getting gas for 98 cents. \ Good memory. We all have to change with the times.
I feel happy about the new house I have and that I can work from home. Thanks be to God \ Congratulations! I hope to get a house next year
It took me 9 months of determination and sacrifice. But worth it. \ I bet! Hard work pays off
I recently moved to a new city and I don't have any friends here \ I am sorry to hear that.  Have you tried looking up organizations in your new area to meet people with similar interests?
I have, but I'm too scared to get involved because I have so much going on. I'd hate to flake out on people \ How about church, a fundraising activity, or volunteer opportunity to meet new people?
I am here at home alone while all my friends are out at the lake today.  :( \ Aw, were you too busy to go?
No, I ended up getting sick last night from something I ate I think. \ Oh no! I hate when that happens. Are you feeling any better?
I have been feeling great about life recently. My relationships have been going very well \ Nice! Are you married?
I am not, but I have a person I am very fond of. Are you? \ I am forever alone. However, I hope you continue to have great relationships and a great life!
One time I bought a scratch lottery ticket and won $20! \ That's awesome! It would be amazing to win a million one day. One can dream.
Yup, I am going to buy another one just because of you! I hope I win! \ That's great. I hope you do! Maybe this time you can get $40. But gamble only in moderation!
I was happy that I called my mom in time for her birthday this year.  I felt good about myself that I'm a good son who still keeps in touch with his mom. \ Aw, that's so nice of you! I bet she appreciated it
Thanks :) she did a lot, actually \ Keep doing things like that! Parents appreciate little thoughts like that more than we know
My friend forgot to tell me he wasn't coming over so I missed out on other plans like going to a game! \ Oh man I would be so mad...did he apologize at all
No. He just went "oops". He's so uncaring sometimes and gets drawn into his work. I really should know better by now \ Yeah sounds like he needs a taste of his own medicine lol
I got a puppy for my birthday! \ That's great! I bet you love that
I did until I noticed that when I took him outside to go to the bathroom, he was eating the neighbor dog's doo doo. \ Haha, well dogs do that. I highly recommend not letting the puppy lick your face while it's young
I accidentally spilled my drink on my friend at dinner \ I hope it wasn
Well, it made me want to sink into the floor. I don't like being the center of attention \ (*oops).  I hope you apologized to him.  If it was milk, I wouldn't cry over it too much.  ;)
My dog graduated doggie school \ Aw, I hope your dog is much better trained now
Oh, she definitely is. She used to be so naughty! \ I never took my dog to doggie school and I regretted it. She could have done with some more discipline. 
I get to go to Italy in a few months! \ That's terrific. Do they speak English there?
Some. Mostly in tourist areas I imagine. I'll try to learn some of the language, though, to make it easier \ That's a good idea. I hope you have fun!
My department is being closed. \ That stinks, did they give you fair notice so you had chance to find a new place?
Not at all. Just got the news today. \ I'm sorry to hear that, I hope you can find something quickly.
Someone cut me off in traffic a few days ago. \ Why are people so inconsiderate. Are you ok?
Yes I had to slam on my breaks but I'm fine, it's quite annoying I don't know why people do it. \ Yea, it's not enough that you drive safe sometimes.
My daughter is at her job interview. I'm sure she got it in the bag. \ That's great! I hope she gets it!
Thank you. I'm sure she will! \ Is this for her dream job?
I got a surprise gift in the mail yesterday. \ Wow! What was it?
A gorgeous vase. It's so pretty. I have no idea who sent it.  \ I'd like to see this vase. Do you like flowers?
I came home yesterday to a ripped up couch \ uh oh, someone is in trouble.
Yup. I guess my dog had a party while I was away. No more free roaming for him \ hahaha a party is a light way to put it.
Waiting for my pho delivery \ Oh? Is it a family, group, or some other meaningful photo?
Oh. Pho is a Vietnamese noodle dish. \ OH! haha, well you learn something new every day. Noodles sounds good though
Its my day off today!  Sitting on my deck enjoy the scenery and a cold iced tea \ That sounds awesome. Enjoy your day off!
Thanks.  It's so peaceful and I am so relaxed and stress free at the moment.   \ Oh you got the place all to yourself, too?
I found a terribly beaten dog on the street. \ Oh my goodness. That's terrible.  Did you take him to the Vet right away?
No, we actually called animal control first. \ Do you know whose dog it is?
My baby is due in less than 2 months. \ Wow, that is coming up soon.  I be you are excited.  Is this your first child?
My friends threw me a baby shower yesterday. I had no idea they were planning it. \ That was thoughtful of them.  It is always nice to have a fun surprise!
I spent two hours yesterday washing and detailing my car.  Afterwards, a short time later, it started storming and my car got filthy again. \ That would be so annoying!
I was not happy to say the least.  Next time I will just take it to the car wash rather that waste my free time \ I don't blame you for that. I would do the same.
i have not had beer in a year since I promised my wife i wouldn't \ I don't even take beer
Amazing, do you take other types of alcohol? I haven't tasted any other as well \ Nooo,  the first time I took it,  I misbehaved
Went for a music concert yesterday  \ Awesome. What type of music was played there?
Hip pop  mostly,  they invited Beyonce but she didn't show up  \ oh my God. that's so cool. Hope the ticket was not expensive?
Sometimes I feel more ready to go on a date with a super attractive girl if I've got a couple of drinks in me. \ You get nervous, hu?
Every once in a while. \ Have you been on a date recently?
I joined a dancing class \ That's cool.  Are you a dancer
Not at all. I'm going to learning! \ Cool. Do you like it so far?
When I was at college, some tenagers were extorting money from me. \ That's terrible. How did they do that?
They threating me, beating me. I was too afraid to say anything. \ Did it ever get resolved?
I know I shouldn't have, but I texted a girl to ask her on a date. \ What did she say?
I'm still waiting to hear back. \ Why you shouldn't have text her?
Got a huge delivery. Not even sure I can get it through the door. \ Nice, what did you order
Don't think I ordered anything. I don't even recognize the company it's from. \ Well better be careful, you might end up opening someone else's mail lol
If I get a good pump at the gym early in the morning, I feel like I can tackle any task on my to-do list for the day \ That's awesome. do you usually exercise in the mornings?
Not usually.  Been trying to a lot more lately though hbu \ I usually feel better when I exercise, but I've been putting it off.
I finally made my own pizza. I think it's gonna be good. \ That's impressive, was it difficult to make?
Yea, the dough was. I'm not really good at kneading it seems. \ I guess it probably requires a lot of practice to get the technique down.
I went to the doctor recently for my annual check-up, I always think they're going to tell me something's wrong. \ Check-ups can be nerve wrecking sometimes.
For sure, even though they usually find nothing it's hard to shake the worry off. \ I understand that. There are way too many illnesses that are out of our control.
There's a turtle in my yard. \ really? i tortoise? i have one in my backyard too!
What are you gonna do with it? I have no idea what kind it is. It has a fat shell. \ he is my pet.. i have had him 10 years.. he is about 70lbs now.. got two more little ones inside 
i was scared walking home last night \ Oh no. Was there no one to walk home with you?
i had to walk down a dark path in a wooded area... i lived tho \ That's good. Do you have to walk home like that often?
I saw a school of dogs cross the street together. \ what happened?
The got to the other side safely. Not sure where they were headed. \ Good, nothing happened.
I texted a girl for a date. She sent the text to all my friends. \ Oh wow. That must be embarassing!
He felt so bad. She was trying to humiliating me. \ Guess you don't like her anymore then.
My cat is at the kitty spa. \ Oh that's cool.  Sounds like he's living the dream lol
Yep. He's having a pretty good time. \ Do you have any kids of your own...or is he your main / only furbaby
I might get a haircut tonight.  Nothing like a high fade to get me feeling fresh and ready to chat up some honeys \ Nice! How often do you get haircuts?
Used to do it myself but found a great guy...so these days bout every week \ Your hair must grow really quick!
I work a lot, but I'm not worried. My wife is amazing and would never cheat on me.  \ That is good. I am glad to hear that you are comfortable with life.
Yeah I'm a really lucky guy! \ I am sure your wife feels that she is the lucky one.
As soon as my husband gets home from work, I have to leave to go to work. \ That really stinks. Maybe  you both can take some time off of work and be together?
Well, lately he has been taking his time getting home and it's making me late! \ Well you should sit down with him and have a talk with him about it. 
My sister broke my vase. I was pretty enraged! \ what did you do ?
I scolded her but then told her it was okay, but it's not the biggest deal! \ yea thats true
my kids left and i felt all alone \ That's terrible news. I hope they are in good hands. Are you okay?
yea they are with grandma .. they are good \ I am glad. But I hope you are doing okay! Get out and meet some cool people (Easier said than done, I know).
Well, I am stuck at work today.  I had bought a lottery ticket last week thinking I wouldn't have to work this week. lol \ heh well at least you can be here while working
As you might imagine I was quite bummed to find out that I didn't even match one number! \ maybe next time
i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my door \ ooooh I would be too!  I had someone dent my car too last week.  I feel your pain!
yea .. people dont care about other people's property anymore \ Nope!  Try paintless dent repair. Its not too pricey and quick fix.
I've bought everything that I need for the house: foods, ammos, and other essentials that would last me months to come.  \ Wow you sound really prepared for something.
Yes, for the event of collapse of the government.  \ Oh no, is the end coming?
He actually came back with a gold medal, I was actually doubting him for a while. \ Who came back with a gold medal? 
My friend, he won the 100 metre sprint carnival. \ Oh, nice. Well, if you work upon on something, anything is possible if you work upon it. 
My dog is getting older and is starting to walk a little slower these days. \ Sorry to hear that. Are you taking him to the vet?
I haven't in a while, but I definitely should. I don't think there's much they can do though \ I understand. That is life.
A coworker helped me move to another city. He was so kind. \ That's really nice of them, did they help you move your heavy appliances and stuff too?
No, I sold the heavy appliances before moving but he helped me moved my stuff. I thankful to him. \ Oh, either way that's still very generous of them and I'd certainly be grateful to have someone like that.
I'm happy that I've got more maturity and self-discipline than most of my friends.  Based on my bank account and current income I can tell hen it's a good time to party and when it's a good time to stay in.  This situation also explains why most of them are broke and I'm not. \ thats cool
Yup. Are you staying in or going out tonight \ im staying in.. its raining cats and dogs
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ What type of pet
its a bearded dragon \ Oh that's pretty cool...is it full grown or still a baby
I'm am upset today because my daughter who lives really far away called and said her baby was admitted to the hospital. \ oh no.. what happeneed
He was premature so he's been having some breathing issues. I hate not being there. \ ah i hope it all turns out well for you all
i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door \ I would have been too. Were you at a store parking lot or at work?
walmart parking lot  \ That is so awful. I guess they didn't bother to leave a note?
Last week I had a wardrobe malfunction at work. \ what happened
My dress got shut in my car door and then it ripped as I tried walking away. \ oh dang that stinks
i was irked when i couldnt get the day off \ Why? What was going on?
too much work to have time off approved  \ That's disappointing. 
My coworker always seems to due my job better than me. She's nothing special so I'm so upset about that.  \ What kind of work do you do
We are both sales reps at a car dealer.  \ Well I'm sure you've both got your own unique skills...what would you say are 3 things you do well?
I'm amazed at how much better I've gotten at writing lyrics in just 6 months it's crazy. \ That's really awesome! What kind of lyrics do you write?
I write mainly hip hop lyrics.  Not the dumb commercial trap rap, more introspective stuff  \ That's really great!
I made a mistake at work. My manager have set a meeting to talk about it. I am a little bit worried. \ what do you think is going to happen?
I don't know. My manager seemed a little bit angry. \ ah well good luck
i was hoping to get the day off \ Why do you need a day off?
so i can go clubbing \ Nice. Some leisure time is always good.
The lottery ticket I bought last night did not win. \ Haha, well that's to be expected I guess. Do you play the lottery often?
Rarely do I bother buying one. \ I think it's fun to buy one every now and then, but wouldn't be my go-to for entertaining gambling.
I ordered pizza and it should be here any moment. I keep looking out the window to check, and I can feel my brain slowly turning into a caveman brain I'm so hungry. \ Yum that sounds delicious. You're making me hungry.
Aha, I'm sorry! If it makes you any less hungry it's a vegetarian pizza because the wife doesn't eat meat. \ You should just get a half vegetarian. No need to punish your self like that.
I used to get excited over getting girls' numbers...nowadays I get excited over free cash and paying off credit card bills \ yea tell me about it... im still paying off cc's from when my wife and i were dating :p
Haha wow that's commitment right there \ heh
i cant wait for monday! \ Why's that
kids start school \ Oh I feel ya.  No kids yet so I'm soaking up all the freedom I can hahaha
I draw for about an hour almost every day, and I've been doing it for a long time. I only ever just wanted to be able to draw fun doodles, but the other day I looked and I actually feel good about my drawing skills, finally. \ That's great. Practice makes perfect.   
It really does! It was miserable starting because you put so much effort into something you don't even like the end result of, but it's well worth it. \ Keep at it. Maybe one day you can start selling those drawings for money.
I was pretty anxious on my first day of work. It was like a new world I was entering. \ I can imagine, and how did things go?
It went well. I was nervous but I got through it. \ Great, it is true that new places and situations can be exciting but scary at the same time
I can't believe that my friends are travelling to Russia to watch the soccer World Cup final! \ Oh wow, that has to be a bucket list item for sure.
They won tickets in some contest, I wish it has been me! \ That would have been fun, maybe next year
heh .. it was ok but kinda boring in a theater \ I am not good with horror movies.  I might have to admit that I am not as tough as I pretend to be I guess.
i was upset when i couildnt leave work \ I can understand.  Then are times when I want to get out of work too.
yea .. i mean the work is going to be there waiting for me the next day..  \ Sometimes it is helpful to take a break and go home early.  It allows you to kind of reset.
Whew! Finally got to mow my horribly large yard before it got too tall and it starts raining \ thats awesome.. how long did that take
Over an hour , but in this heat it makes it very exhausting \ yea i can understand that
i was happy to see i got next week off! \ I hope it's paid too.
yes it is! \ Are you going somewhere for a vacation?
I really liked fossils so I went to my local museum. It was pretty cool and they had a lot of awesome fossils.  \ I love fossils!
Yeah they are pretty great! \ What do you like about them>
I was upset when my family kept leaving me on vacation \ That is really upsetting!
It was. I just wanted some quality family time. \ Well forget them! If they don't care about you you don't need to care about them
i cant wait for monday! \ What's going on Monday?
kids return to school! \ Yeah, I guess that will be like a vacation for you.
I had my transmission fluid changed today. Hope I did the right thing. \ why would it be wrong?
Afterwards I thought I heard in the past that it has to be done very carefully. Can't remember exactly.  \ ah yea it happens
My cousin and I used to beat eachother with sticks. \ for fun?
Yeah. We called it the box game and walked around inside of a refrigerator box for protection. \ well that sounds pretty fun!
I was very well prepared for my law exam. \ Were you satisfied with the results?
I was! 95% \ Excellent!
I found out my dog has cancer today \ Oh no! Is it serious?
I'm not sure how bad it is yet. Have to wait for tests to come back \ Well I hope that it isn't serious and your dog makes it through
I got a promotion at work that I wasn't expecting. It was really awesome! \ Congradulations.  I assume it comes with a pay raise.
Yup and a corner office too! \ with a window?
Yup it's a great view too! \ Awesome.  I'm almost a little jealous
i was sad when i couldnt go home on time \ what do you mean? did you get stuck somewhere?
got stuck at work working on a file \ lammee, did you atleast finish up the file?
My buddy started to turn pale, I just envisioned him throwing up all over my car. \ did you throw him out?
I couldnt,  didnt have the heart I tried to push his head out the window as best I could. \ did it work?
A friend of mine died Thursday and I hadn't called her in about in a month \ That's terrible! I'm really sorry to hear that, but even if you could have said something it doesn't just make it better.
I couldn't be around her much because she on pills really bad. \ Is that what happened to her? My mother was like that as well. It's terrible to watch somebody you loved turn into someone else because of an addiction.
I'm just thinking about quitting my job. My boss is the worst; every time he asks for my idea, if it works it becomes "his" idea and if it fails it's "your" idea. \ That would be annoying. If there is anybody over him, you might try reporting it first.
I'll try that first, but it's hard to report someone for just being really terrible in general. \ Lol , Maybe you could ask for another department
Nothing like a fresh pair of Air Nikes to make me feel ready to take on the world \ Man I have recently been getting into shoes, I dont have nearly as many as some of my buddies,  need to step my game up.
Some ppl think you need 20 different pairs.  Me I just need 2-3 with good arch support and knee comfort and I'm gold \ I just like the style, I want to show off with ever outfit.
I tried to flirt with my crush and completely made a fool of myself. \ Oh hate when that happens.  How did you know you acted a fool
I tried to call her pretty and stumbled over my words. \ You'll figure it out.  I believe in you
Yes, because that's how I feel about it. \ Hello friend! May I ask what it that you feel that way about?
It encourage to be impressed. \ I don't understand what you are talking about. Are you feeling okay today?
Have you ever spilled a bowl of cereal? I did today and I was absolutely so mad! I flew into a blinding rage and started flailing about so bad that I nearly killed myself! \ Wow, why did you involve your self in spilling a bowl of cereal?
I had a bout of butterfingers this morning and couldn't hold onto my bowl! I was so angry that I couldn't eat my cheerios before heading off to work! \ That's very serious. What are you going to do about the bowl now?
My mom has arthritis in her neck, and the pain seems to be traveling down now. \ I am sorry to hear that.. is there any physical therapy that can help her? 
The doctor just recommended exercise. I'm not sure if they were just busy to do anymore for her or if exercise is the best. \ Usually moving your body helps but it depends on her situation... i would get a 2nd opinion!
I am so impatient right now... waiting for the clock to hit 5 so I can go on vacation!  \ How many hours do you have left?
4 hours to go! ahhh \ haha not bad! where are you going on vacation?
i was scared walking home alone last week \ Why?
someone followed me home \ I hate that. I'm glad you're ok!
I enthusiastically told my family about everything wrong with my life at that point. \ how did it go
Not good. I was very drunk though \ oh well maybe next time
I was a cheater in highs school. I always got some nerd to help me, bet now I really regret it.  \ We all do stupid stuff as kids.  The important thing is you realize how bad that behavior is now.
Yeah, but that  doesn't stop me from being upset about it.  \ I understand regret over previous actions, but you just got to move forward.
My friend got a hole in one the other day.  It was just his second time ever playing golf!  Talk about unexpected. \ Good for him! The only time I've ever gotten a hole in one in golf is on a video game. 
Ha!  Me too.  And I have been playing golf for years.  I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me when I saw the ball go in! \ It's definitly a really hard thing to do. Your friend must be really lucky!
My uncle died in a car crash yesterday. \ sorry to hear that
Thanks.  It sucks. \ i can see that
i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery \ You and me both.
heh \ The powerball drawing is tonight ;)
Quitting smoking was so much easier than I expected it to be! \ how many days has it been?
2 years \ wow thats great!
i was upset to see someone put a dent in my door \ Car door?
yea \ When did that happen?
I was grossed out when I saw someone vomit outside a bar. \ Drunk people can get pretty disgusting in general.
For sure. it was not a pretty sight. \ Some people can't hold their liquor.
I just saw a brown recluse crawling on my desk. \ I just found one in my toilet the other night!
Yikes. I hate them.   I've been bit by one before. \ How bad was it?
Every Christmas song I hear on the radio for some reason reminds me of my extended family back home and the good times we had when I was younger. \ That's really cool that you have those awesome memories. Do you ever go baack and see your family?
No hopefully soon though. Hbu \ Well I hope you have a good time!
I'm am so afraid of the dark. I can't fall asleep so I have to have a light on in order to fall asleep.  \ Have you always had this fear of the dark
Yeah ever since I was a little kid.  \ Is there any specific reason why?
i am hoping to go to hawaii next year \ have you ever been there before? I hear it's great!
No i have never been but i hope i am able to one day. \ Save up and sign up for deal alerts on expedia and other sites. It's really amazing how cheap you can get trips nowadays!
I am anxiously awaiting a second puppy from a dog I rescued. I thought she might be pregnant but then I thought she wasn't after a week.  \ Oh wow, where do you get these pets? from a shelter or off the street?
She was on the streets and starved and trying to get run over. \ oh wow, thats good of you to be able to bring in dogs off the street.
Super shocked when our rescued malnourished dog popped out a puppy when I got up this morning! \ wow thats great, is that the one you got off the street?
Yes! I think she may have another one coming...and I pray not! I have enough dogs :( And a puppy is a lot of work \ well i wish you good luck on that one!
i was pissed when i saw someone had left my gate open and my dog was missing \ Oh my god..I would be too! No locks?
yea but someone from the water company had to get to the back to do something and forgot to shut it when they were done \ Oh...I have locks on all my gates and the companies have to ask for permission. That is terrible! Did you get your dog back?
My new dog keeps trying to sit on her new puppy. It's making me quite upset.  \ Have you tried find a away to keep the seperated?
Yes, I h ave to moniter her all day and it's stressed me out. She is being very obsessive and freaks out if she is away from her puppy....Sigh! \ I'm sure that it will get better. Dogs are really smart so if you keep working with her I'm sure she will get it. 
Yes, she is young..and clearly very neglected as she was starved...Can't even believe she had a healthy puppy..I think something weird happened to her pups before. Poor dog! \ Oh my gosh! It sound like she has a had a rough life. You are great for taking care of her!
I'm nervous about going to work on Monday. I have a meeting with my boss but I don't know what it's about Can you give me any advice? \ I am bad with anxiety too but if you haven't done anything wrong then all you can do is try to have some self confidence and prepare for the worst and HOPE for the best. You never know- you could be getting a raise!
Yeah I guess that could be true, but my company hasn't been doing well lately and a lot of people have already been laid off.  \ Prepare then and you will feel better- either way it goes you will be prepared- so if it's bad- you will already have known and if it's not- then you will get surprised. Either way it won't rock your world.
Yeah, I just don't want to have to find another job though. I twould mean I may have to move to a different city with my family.  \ Oh man! Well all you can do is prepare early as you just never know! Life isfull of change.
Our new dog who was starved just had a puppy today. We thought she was pregnant before but after a week of food- she seemed to have a normal stomach. \ That's pretty awesome.  What breed
She is a tiny pit bull. A pocket pit! I can't believe she had a healthy puppy after how starved she was. The puppy is small but that could be from her being starved. It looks like a pitbull mix as well. So cute! And very quiet. \ That's pretty generous of you to adopt an abused dog, especially a pregnant one.  That's a lot of responsibility but I love pitbulls too so I would've done the same
I've got more sympathy for poor people who are actually trying to improve their situation, than those who are just looking for a handout \ Well of course..Like all the drunks and druggies begging for money who won't work on my corner? Most people are poor..and work hard!
Agreed.  It's a common misconception to think all poor people are lazy.  Some just have it rougher than others I know I did coming from a third world country.  But now I'm fully self-employed own my own car rent my own apartment and live life on my own terms \ Poor people are the hardest workers in america usually..It's corps that have a HUGE pay gap and the CEOs make ridiculous money while the people keeping the companies don't even make a living wage
I am  the  best  because I was the first in my class \ Cool.  guess now you can be president.
Of course  with my grade I can be predident \ I want to Secretary of Treasury. Is that still a thing?
I ave the worst internet service now \ Really
Its really fast, but it cuts off a couple of times a day and we only have a couple of providers in this area. \ Network do disappoint
I'm so upset. My dog that I've had ever since he was a little puppy just died. We were friends for 20 years.  \ Oh no. I'm sorry :(
Thanks. He was really old and had a lot of health problems so it really was for the best.  \ Pets are great but they sure are tragic.
Life is a lot better when you can eat solid food. Never get your jaw wired shut it sucks. \ I can imagine. What happend that you got your jaw wired?
I got punched while drunk without a mouth guard years ago - still think about it ! \ Man that sounds aweful.
I was thankfully ready for when a puppy came today. I have lots of clean blankets, a clean room and extra money if needed! \ That's good that you were prepared! Puppys can be a handful.
Oh goodness yes...and I just have the momma from the last week! oi! 2 new dogs in a week. \ Man that does sound like a handful!
I am so excited to see my family. I haven't been home in sooooo long.  \ I hear you! Tell me about your family?
Well I have a younger brother who is in high school and I haven't seen him or my parents in a really long time. I feel like I miss so much! \ Why did you move away from home? That is cool to have a brother in highschool. Highschoolers usually aren't home much anyhow 
Its for school. I go to university 1000 miles away  \ Oh my goodness! That would be so hard!!
Well...our abused starved gal had herself a puppy today! I was incredibly shocked. \ You the pitbull guy? haha
GAL! ;) \ Gal :)) what did you end up naming the pup?
I'm feeling pretty blessed these days...I know I can always trace it back to the love, support, and steadfast belief of my parents that I can achieve anything I set my mind to \ It's rare to have great parents it seems, I am glad you have good ones!
They are the best I wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for them I thank God every day for them. \ I feel the same about my mom! Wonderful! Remember to cherish them daily, as we never know what can happen and aren't promised tomorrow
Super sad this weekend. I wish my partner would be done with therapy already and be home  \ Aww, I hate to hear that. How long have you two been together?
3 years. but I also know I have a lot of ptsd from him and it will be a long road before I am ready to be around him again. But you know...at the same time it's hard!!! \ Well, hopefully when it's all said and done it'll be be worth it. Best of luck with it.
I bought a pomegranate the other day on a whim. I haven't had one since I was a kid, so it brought back from memories when I was snacking on it. \ I have never actually had one of those! We don't get very exotic fruits here in the midwest. What do they taste like?
It's really hard to explain. They're good, but they're kind of tricky to eat, and eat little ball of fruit you eat has a big seed you have to eat around. So think of something tasty that's effort to eat, like sunflower seeds (but better.) The flavor is too unique to explain. \ Never had sunflower seeds. I love Pomegranate juice though. Sounds interesting. Do they taste anything like a watermelon, or more like a raspberry?
Umm, they're kind of juicy the way a watermelon is but actually a raspberry might not be too far from it. I love watermelons, by the way. \ I LOVE watermelon...Geez- I could literally sit and eat a whole one by myself. My complexion always looks better after watermelon too
When I was a kid and people asked what was my favorite fruit, I'd never say watermelon because in my mind that was cheating. OBVIOUSLY watermelon would have to be anyone's favorite. Only later in life did I realize not everyone liked it like I did. \ LOL! I know..my sister hates them..but I don't like most veggies :( Rapsberrys are a close second!
i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery \ Why, the odds are not in your favor
well now you tell me! \ Ha, its never bad to try though
We were going to go swimming today. The weather was bad though so we had to cancel \ so what was plan B?
Stay home and watch tv \ oh that sounds good.
Marvel makes the best superhero movies! I can't wait for the next one to come out! \ When is it due out?
Well the next Infinity Wars is out in 2019 so that's a long time to wait! \ Who is your favorite Marvel hero?
I decided to treat myself tonight and make grill a huge steak for myself tonight. \ That sounds really great and delicious! 
Yeah it would have been if I hadn't burned it to a crisp and turned it into a black charred piece of leather! \ Ohhhhhh yeah that's no good. Still that happens to me all the time so I wouldn't worry too much about it. 
I'm always feeling like I'm on the verge of something awesome about to happen. I don't know what it is it must be the winning streak I'm on these days \ Does anything awesome ever end up happening?
Yes everyday $$$$ \ That's whats up
Life is good right now for me too \ Nice.  Always feels good to be at the top knowing nothing can't touch you
Right just staying active, don't need much money, minimal drama. Easy \ Absolutely
My friends left him in the middle of the night. I feel sick for him \ who did they leave and where?
Sorry, My friends wife left him in the middle the night. It made me sick \ wow thats crazy.
i was upset when i saw my dog was missing \ Oh no, I hate that
yea, he gone. \ Maybe he comes back or you find him
There's a huge stuffed bear on my yard. \ That sounds creepy
Agree. Not sure what I should do with it. \ I guess ignore it for now
I was really calm today. I just sat on the patio and read \ Sounds like a relaxing day.
It was very much needed \ Is it your day off?
I checked my mail and was so shocked. There was a check with a $1000 in an evelope with my name on it! \ Well that comes in handy.
Yeah I'm a little worried that it isn't real.  \ ah.. take it to the bank to find out
i was happy to see that i was off next week \ That's really awesome! What are you going to be doing with your time?
just chillin is about all i have planned so far. \ Well that's good! A little rest and relaxation is always good!
I blamed myself for her fall because I wasn't close enough to prevent it. I took care of her for months afterwards. \ Things happen that are bad, I am sure it wasnt your fault.
I was distracted by the sound of running water. \ I am sure they forgave you in the end.
I was scared when I had to go to the doctor for a lump on my side. I was really expecting the worst. \ Omg. I know exactly how you feel. I had a lump on my back but got it removed. Turned out to be just fatty tissue. Size of a tennis ball !
It was pretty much the same, just a fatty tumor \ Good deal. I think it was stress related.
I used to feel lonely a lot as a teenager. That was dumb of me \ I feel like everyone goes through that phase.  I know I did too
I've noticed that it's easier to be happy while not around someone all the time. \ Would you say you're more of an introvert?
Lady Luck is the only woman in my life who hasn't failed me yet (besides my mom lol)...I see a lot of good things in our future together $$$$$$ \ Whys that?
Because my life is the epitome of that Drake song blessings on blessings on blessings ;) \ Excellent
I was scared driving home last night. It felt like I was being followed \ Oh no! Where were you coming from?
The downtown area \ Yikes! Did you get home okay? Normally I weave different ways when I think that
My weekend is going well so far. I am hoping tomorrow nothing bad happens \ I am sure tomorrow will be fine
Well it's been bad sundays for awhile, so I am hoping it isn't this time :) Someone acts up on Sundays...it's ridiculous \ I am sorry, I hope tomorrow is different then
i went into that interview knowing i was going to crush it \ That's great that you were so confident. I wish I could be like that.
Well it didnt start out that way but over the years I have become better at these types of things \ That's great that you have that kind of personal growth
I'm so made at George Lucas. How could he think something like the Phantom Menace would be a good idea for a movie! \ it made him a ton of money so i think thats all that mattered to him at that point cause i agree it was crap.
I don't know I like to think he is better than that.  \ that was back then when he was trying to do something great, the drive isnt there when you have already done it
My friend bought me a programming course. \ that was nice of them.
Yea, it is. I was just talking about how I wanted to learn yesterday, and the next thing is this course in my email. \ always good to have friends like that
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ What pet does she have?
a bearded dragon \ Oh wow. Don't think I've ever seen one of those.
One big pet peeve of mine is a poor person complaining about his/her situation and doing absolutely nothing to fix it \ i get that. i am in pain every morning and get up and go to work everyday. so it's hard to find sympathy from me
My point exactly.  You're a hard worker despite your physical pains.  I was born in a third world country and am now self-employed with full financial autonomy, my own car, apartment, and supportive friends and family...DON'T TELL ME you can't fix your life. You just don't want it bad enough \ exactly. it really drives me nuts when people feel like they entitled to this or that.
i really wanted to get pregnant but month after month it didn't happen \ Hmm maybe it's not your time yet...I'm sure you'll get there
i'm getting up there in years so i'm kind of at the end of the line. i suppose it may not meant be to be \ I wish you abundant joy, success health and wealth in all areas of your life.
Got a $100 Costco cash card. Gonna spend it all at the food court. \ Awesome. That's a whole lotta pizza slices.
Yes. 10 weeks of pizza goodness! \ Awesome I hope you enjoy it.  Don't get too fat.
My nextdoor neighbor is getting dementia. \ I am so sorry to hear that. Who is taking care of your neighbor?
Her family.. sort of... but not really.. \ That's really sad. Not being able to even know what's going on anymore.
I was speeding, because I was worried about my mom. \ I understand! Did you get in trouble?
The cop actually let me off! \ Good officer for once! That is good to hear!
I am shocked my dog had a healthy baby after being starved for most of her pregnancy! \ Oh no! Why was she starved?
No idea. Her former owners never came forward and they would NEVER have gotten her back anyway unless they had just rescued her. I can't believe they starved her period..but that they starved a pregnant dog! Seriously?? She was so incredibly thin..I could see her entire hip bones and she was RAVENOUS and thirsty for a week! \ Some people should not be in charge of another living being.
August is way too hot. \ Especially in the south
Right. I live as north as you're gonna get in the US and it still sucks. \ Oh wow, that does sound horrible
I was a little sad with the weather today. We had to cancel plans \ Rainy?
Very much so, and the wind was blowing \ Yuck
Life can be hard sometimes or even often.  \ That's true. What's going on?
Just dealing with difficult people. They are everywhere! Even in your own home sometimes!  I just don't understand why people can't just be kind and good and instead want to hurt and destroy \ Some people are only out for themselves unfortunately.
I stayed up all night to decorate the office. \ Oh wow! What does it look like now?
It's definitely ready for a retirement party. I'm gonna miss her. \ Going to miss who?
I am getting a new cat tree tomorrow, it finally went on sale.  \ thats a nice gift for a cat.
It's a gift for me too because I am happy when they are happy. They need one for the cat room bad! One I have wanted for a long time that I see in my pet store! I am not happy unless I get something 80% off or more." \ 80% wow that is cool.
i cant wait for monday! \ What is going on Monday?
the kids are going back to school :p \ LOOOOL! They go back in september here. Oh yey, relaxing time!
You need to be happy for you to live longer \ of course, like they say happiness is contagious, if you are happy everything around you stays happy and it will be hard to die young
Yeah for sure, that's why I always like to be happy  \ Also your home stays blessed because you become a more better partner
My son won a scholarship so I won't have to spend money on fees. I am grateful  \ Wow that's nice,  he must be very intelligent 
Yes he is, I am also grateful for having such a wonderful wife that teaches and helps him after school \ Awww that's nice,  just take care of them 
Everyday in every way I'm getting better and better.  Still waiting on my big come up but I'm in no rush, just enjoying the view ;) \ That's wonderful to hear!
Thanks.   \ What's been going on in your life?
I miss my coworker. Her replacement just isn't the same. \ Bummer.  You still keep in touch with her or what
Yea. We keep in touch online. She definitely set up some high standards for us around here. \ Nice.  Give the newbie a chance, I'm sure she'll come around.  What kind of work do you do
My external hard disk has stop working. I had very important data on it. It can't be fixed. \ That must be frustrating. What are you going to do now?
I can't do anything to retrieve the data. I had personal pictures and videos on it. I am sad of losing them. \ I'm so sorry that happened. What brand is the HD?
I think I've got popcorn kernels to last me through retirement. I wonder how long they keep for. \ That is nice.
Yea, it is. Do you like popcorn? \ Yes. Why did you bought that many popcorn kernels?
I didn't get a job I interviewed for. \ Dang that stinks, better luck next time.
Yep, I've already got more applicaions out :| \ thats good that you are trying!
i was mad when i saw there was a dent in my car door. \ Do you know how it happened?
nah it was while i was at walmart \ That sucks. I hate people who do stuff like that and don't take responsibility.
I'm so taken by the talents of contestants on the show Face Off -- have you ever seen it? \ I have, thats a very cool show
Their abilities to both imagine and create their characters is incredible! \ They are very talented on there
I am looking forward to tomorrow. We are going kayaking \ That sounds like so much fun -- and like a break you're looking forward to, yes?
Yeah, it should be really fun \ Have you been before? It seems like such a great way to both play and get a workout ;-)
My sister n law washed my clothes today for me. It was a nice gesture \ That's very nice of her!
Yeah it was very sweet \ Your brother is a lucky guy!
My brother like spiders but I am scared of them! I can't handle those things! \ I am not sure how anyone could like those things
Yeah I don't know either.  \ I do not like them either though
Even more upset then I already was that the dog I rescued was not only starved but starved AND pregnant. \ That poor dog
I know right? I can't find out who had her but it was someone near me as she was running 2 weeks ago like a demon was after her and almost got hit- No way she was loose for any amount of time but right that moment. \ That all sounds horrible
I was pretty annoyed at the store earlier. The cashiers were being slow \ Did they just not care?
I think so, that must be the case \ Sometimes they are tired at the end of their shift. It happens
Got a lot done this week, made good money, got things I needed, some I wanted and still saved up! \ what are you saving up for?
What am I NOT saving up for is the question, lol. Saving up for any emergency always. They happen a lot in my life. No big upsets though this week, it's been a good week! \ wow i wish i could be like you :)
i was mad when i saw my dog was missing \ Why is he missing and is he home?/
he dug a hole and got out of the backyard and has not returned. \ Oh god, some dogs have to be watched a lot! Watch the shelters and put up flyers everywhere online
I found out a very simple part to my lawn mower is VERY expensive from all the mower parts places.  \ Which part
The recoil puller. Just the cord and casing that makes it start. I was angry because it is literally 5 times the price that it is online from all kinds of stores. I just don't get why they are charging $65 for a little plastic cord??? \ Hm that's pretty useful info right there...you must be quite the handyman/woman, I would've probably just bought another one lol
Nothing pumps me up more these days than money making opportunities where I have full autonomy of time \ I know right? I love the side hustle!
C.R.E.A.M. baby \ No idea what that means but it sounds good! lol
trying to same money for a trip. trying to get pregnant. just lots of stuff \ where do you want to go.
to see my family. they are 800 miles away \ oh wow that sounds cool
im ready for next week! \ what's happening next week?
the kids start school \ aren't we talking about the kids going back to school?
Looking forward to getting my cats a new cat tree tomorrow! It is a warehouse deal so I am hoping it is in good shape! \ I hope the cat likes it
