Yeah, there's no making sense of it. But now I have to go out of my budget to fix this mistake when it shouldn't have been my problem in the first place. And I have no one to take my anger out on or to get justice from. I didn't even bother calling the police. \ You should have called the police. If they were just vandals they probably did it to someone else to.
MY son always tries to unlock my ipad while I'm sleep. Now it has to be reset \ That's annoying. Kids these days are really attached to electronics, just how it goes. I know it's hard to cut them off, but have you tried managing his electronics time more closely?
He's three and he has his on that's why I keep mines locked. I am so mad at him. \ I would be, too. At that age, they don't understand why they can't have it. It's like talking to a brick wall. I hope it gets easier for you as he gets older.
I was nervous when I was trying to drive where I wasn't familiar \ Did you practice first in a parking lot?
No, I was used to driving, just going somewhere I had not before \ Did you use GPS?
I am so mad Hillary Clinton didn't go to jail. \ I can understand that.  I feel like Trump should have gone to jail a long time ago
No, he never breaks the law just takes advantage of it. \ I totally agree with you
I pray every night North Korea doesn't bomb us. \ I think they are just empty threats but you never know.
I hope your right. \ You and me both. 
I moved away from the city. I never see my friends anymore. It gets lonely out here. \ Why don't you move back?
It's better for my kids and its so expensive. \ Can you make new friends where you are now?
I'm really looking forward to this trip I have planned next week. \ Where are you going?
I'm going to visit the national parks in california... well the ones not on fire. \ I've never been to California.
I forgot to order my daughters textbooks. \ Oh no! How many days left until she starts school?
She starts on the 13th. She wont get the books until the 17th. I'm s bad mom lol \ Wow, that's some really slow shipping times. Maybe you will get lucky and they will come in the mail sooner.
I wish I had more money like Bill Gates. \ I am totally with you
Maybe I can start the next Microsoft. \ I am sure you could
I am really impressed that I am still able to teach my dog things at his age \ How old is he?
He is 14! \ Wow, you can teach an old dog new tricks.
I am so happy school is back. \ Indeed. It would be fun to see your friends again and be around them
Yes, but I am a teacher. \ I think being with children is a joy that not everybody can understand
Last week, I had my credit card application approved with American Express. I now can think of getting a new smartphone \ How much is the phone?
I was thinking of getting Samsung S9 which costs around $700 and thought of paying with my Amex credit card \ Will you be able to pay that off quick thou?
I lost my dog last year, I cried so hard. \ Oh no. Did it ever come back?
No, I assume he died. \ That sucks. MY sisters dog used to roam the neighborhood a lot and one day he didn't come back either. His name was Oreo. I told my daughter he got married.
Im so happy I gt to take my kids on two trip this summer since I started working. \ Where did you go?
Gatlinburg and Panama City Beach, Then I took an adult trip to New Orleans. Great summer. \ I love New Orleans.
This one time I spent an entire hour waiting for food at dennys. \ An hour? Damn for somewhere as meh as Denny's that really isn't worth it.
Its really not, the foods not worth that long of a wait. \ I haven't been there in so long for that exact reason.
I was pretty strapped for money back before my freshman year of college, so I really needed to get my 29 on my ACT up to a 31 for a scholarship. \ Did you get it done?
I felt super confident that I'd get the 31, and thankfully I was right since I got a 33! \ Oh, nicely done, thats impressive!
I wish my grandma was still alive. \ Awwww  i can relate to that.  I am so sorry.
Yes, she died of lung cancer. \ I am very sorry to hear that
I was terrified when I heard a knock at my door late at night \ Who was it?
It was my neighbor letting me know I left the garage open \ That was nice of them.
I am ready for winter, I bought a coat. \ I'm not too fond of winter, but what kind of coat did you buy?
I bought a big furry one. \ Awesome, I bet it's comfy! How cold does it get where you live?
I'm eagerly awaiting my son going to kindergarten. \ When does he start?
In about three weeks from now. I almost don't know how to feel about it, though. \ I am sure he will have fun.
After my divorce I have no one. \ You may have more than you know but sometimes meeting new people will give you the fresh start you need
Where do I go to meet them? \ Neighbors, co-workers.  Try and get involved in local sports or comunity groups.  How about volunteering.  That is a good way to meet people that are positive
I was ecstatic when my kids came home yesterday \ Where did they come from?
They were on vacation with their father \ Where did they go?
I hate taking the subway, I am afraid I will get robbed. \ I'm not particularly a fan of subways either, but why are you so scared of being robbed?
Cause it seems to happen every day. \ I think the overall chances of that are pretty low. Though I do understand your fear.
I was bathing my dog in the backyard this weekend, and she got loose. She then went and rolled in the dirt getting extra filthy. \ That must of been terrible.
It WAS. Since she was wet, the dirt got stuck inside her fur. She was even harder to clean the second time around. \ Did anyone help you?
I was really annoyed when my boss was not being treated well \ So I take it you get along well with your boss?
I do.  He is really encouraging \ That's great to hear, often times we here of people who hate their bosses!
I recently broke my favorite coffee mug that my grandmother gave me before she passed away. \ That really is disappointing.  Can you fix it?
No, it's completely shattered. I'm pretty upset.  \ I am so sorry to hear that
When I was jogging two days ago, I fell flat on my face after tripping over my feet. Someone saw me and I felt so stupid. I turned around, looked at them, and said, "You didn't see that," and then just kept on jogging. \ Did you hurt yourself?
I have some scrapes on my hands where I landed. But mostly it was just my pride that was injured. I hope I never see that person around the neighborhood again... \ I am sure they have fallen before, no big deal.
I cry every time I think of my grandmother. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Why do you think that is? Is it a painful or happy memory?
I am just sad she isn't alive anymore. \ I can understand that. That does sound like a difficult thing to deal with. Hopefully you have a lot of nice memories you can look back on to remember her by.
I just stubbed my toe a few minutes ago. Why does that have to even be a thing? Something so small on your body can cause you such great pain, and all you can do is just hop around like a moron. \ It is these delicate balance of our natural body that makes us to be diligent for survival
That's actually a really interesting way to frame it. We try hard to survive because we know how fragile we are as a species. If we weren't so fragile, we'd take it for granted. Interesting perspective! \ Indeed. Nature is very interesting and complex to interpret. Survival is the only mechanism that drive us to have certain physical features
I felt very special and appreciated when my supervisor praised my work in front of other team members during our weekly meeting \ I bet that was a nice surprise! That's pretty cool. What was it for, if you don't mind me asking?
We develop enterprise software solutions for business per client request, and i was able to create a very efficient algorithm \ That's really cool... And also way above my head! But seriously, that sounds like smart, hard work. You should be proud. I'm glad you got that "moment in the sun."
I saw someone eat a five pound burger during some crazy challenge earlier today. It was a girl, too! Sometimes people do some wild things to completely turn around your expectations of them. \ Wow, that's amazing! Shows that we can't judge a book by it's cover. We automatically think it would take a large man to do something like that!
Yeah, no joke. And she seemed fine afterwards, too. Like walking around normal, no pain. This girl had to be like 115, tops. Really funny. \ I would have been unable to move for the rest of the day!
Two of my best friends moved away recently not far apart from one another. Left me feeling a bit empty. \ Dang, that's rough. Like a double-dose of sadness. My girlfriend and I are long distance, so I know how that goes. Is there any way you can still keep in touch with them?
Oh yeah, knowing that they left for positive reasons and having social media to keep in contact helps a lot. \ Yeah, she and I don't use social media, but I can imagine that'd be really helpful in your case. Well, I'm glad you at least have that. And maybe it will open up the possibility for you to meet new people, too.
How come you guys don't use social media? I guess I kind of get it, but I feel in your case it could be a huge positive! \ Well, we don't like unnecessary attention, and we don't like talking about ourselves. We just like skyping between each other, and that's it. And talking on the phone, of course.
I was really embarrassed when I forgot my speech \ Was it for school?
It was for work \ Did you get fired due to it?
I moved to a new city and have no friends. \ That is a little daunting.  Have you considered joining some groups with like-minded individuals?
Yes but I do not know where to go. \ Check with your community center
My sister just had a baby two days ago! It's been pretty hectic, and while I'm not looking forward to having to help with diapers, I'm proud of her and happy that she's healthy. \ Aww! How sweet! I can imagine the first few days are crazy.
Yeah, I'm just going to try to be as helpful as I can. But I also can only stand so much. Newborns are hard. I haven't had my own yet. What about you? Do you have any kids? \ I do not have any kids. Honestly too scared for child birth haha
I was so happy to watch my friend do a backflip \ I've always been too scared to do a backflip. I always worry I'm going to break my neck or something. Did it take him a long time to get it right?And did he get hurt?
I think he just took gymnastics classes. He luckily did not get hurt! \ Oh, that makes sense. And I'm glad to hear that. I always worry about that sort of thing. You ever think about trying to do it netx?
My friend stole some of my money the other week. \ That is really awful. Did they take very much?
About $50, they even confessed and paid me back, but it was still depressing they didnt just ask first, I wouldve given him the money. \ I bet that is a terrible feeling of betrayal. Friends should be more trustworthy. 
I went to a nice work dinner with my husband. I can't get over how stupid I made myself look.  \ Oh really? What happened that made you look bad?
I went to the bathroom real fast before we went into the dining room. I tucked my dress into my panty hose and didn't even notice. I walked past everyone with my underwear showing. I'm sure I'll laugh about it... someday.  \ Oof yea that seems like it might take a few years or 10 before you can laugh at it but at least its over.
My wife and I have been together for about 14 years now and I feel we still have a great relationship. \ Aw, that is fantastic! How did yall meet?
We met through a mutual friend when we were pretty young. I believe I was around 15 years old. \ Wow, you guys meet pretty early on. That's nice that you pretty much grew together as you became adults.
Been having a good day, relaxing on my couch watching Netflix. I got a nice cup of hot chocolate and my cat curled up in my lap. \ You're making me want to do the same thing. That sounds great!
Yeah, it's been a great day. Thinking about moving to the bed and going to sleep next. \ Nothing like relaxing and getting your body ready for a night of good sleep!
I can't wait for my birthday \ Hopefully a happy birthday is going to be in order soon!
I will definitely make sure of that! \ Happy early birthday then.  Drink up!
A while back, we got a new guy at our office, and of course he always picks my counter to sit at. \ Oh really! Any ideas why?
I don't know, but I even have pictures of my cat and some Funko Pops at that desk, and the one next to me is never used. \ Maybe they like you?
I love doing surveys and making money. \ Yes, they can be fun I guess.
Sometimes I have a hard time finding work to do or finding someone to work with. It can drive me crazy. \ Yes that could be very annoying.
I saw a kitten get run over by a car. \ That is so sad. Did the kitten die? I hope not.
I am not sure as I could not stop because of all the traffic. \ Oh, I hope it was ok. I understand you not being able to stop.
The ONE time I had my security camera off, someone stole my lawn mower! \ No joke? That's terrible. Why was the security camera off? And seriously, who steals a lawn mower? What bums.
I use these new wireless cameras that need to be taken down and charged every so often. I should have charged it while I was home! \ Oh, that makes sense. I had no idea, since I've never used them. That sounds really inconvenient. Maybe they were waiting for the perfect moment to strike... What chumps.
One time I was speeding, and another person was too. A cop pulled out behind me and luckily zoomed past me to chase after the other speeder. I felt like someone was looking down on me that day since I didn't get a ticket. \ Oh wow, what luck! I bet you slowed down after that!
Yeah, immediately. But my luck ran out like a week later, because then I got ticketed for speeding in some lame speed trap. Karma, I guess. Ever since then I've played it pretty safe and used it as a learning lesson. \ Well that's good that you use this as a reason to stop speeding. Some people never learn!
This Spring Break we decided to Ski Resort in Colorado with my college friends. It was truly special and full of exciting experiences \ I love Colorado.
It was my first time skiing in my entire life. I realized how much there are things that I should try doing \ Did you have fun?
I can not believe the summer is almost over. \ It is. Now we have to deal with rains and snows. So much to go for the next summer
Yes, and winter is close. \ I think climate change will only exacerbate the freezing temperatures during winter season
I feel bad I didn't go to work today. \ Why did you decide not to go?
I wanted to go to the Yankee game. \ Did you make it to the game at least?
I am so hopeful for a bright future \ What is the big end goal?
To be a happy and fulfilled person \ I think you can do it.
Hi friend, I'm pretty upset right now. \ That's not good. What's wrong?
Well my neighbor's dog just had puppies. All of the dogs are really malnourished. It's infuriating to see this happening and not knowing what to do. \ Oh man, that would make me angry! Is there anyone you can call and report them anonymously?
I think so but the animal shelter will kill them. \ Maybe you can sneak over and steal them?
I gave my dog a new food he had never tried before and he ended up puking all over my house. \ oh no that would make me feel guilty!!! Is he okay?
He's perfectly find, but man was it gross!  \ is he allergic to that type of food? If not you need to transition him slowly! But that's funny lol
I felt really guilty when I had to leave my dog home alone for the first time \ Who did you leave him with?
He was by himself while I was at work \ Did he destroy the house?
I am honored I get to visit China next year. \ That sounds great.  What do you get to visit for?
I am going for a student exchange program. \ That sounds like a great experience!
I was shocked the US didn't qualify for the World Cup. \ I was too! What do you think caused it?!
They did not have a good coach. \ I agree with you. Having a good coach is crucial for team success.
I'm a little saddened to hear my state came last in education. \ What state is that?
Won't surprise you, but it's Louisiana. \ That does surprise me actually.
Yesterday, i passed by a library which me and my ex-partner used to visit frequently when in college. I felt like I truly missed those times \ I'm sorry to hear that. It always sucks missing the good old days.
Indeed. Nostalgia is one of the factors that drives my anxiety and depression to a certain degree \ I can kind of see where you're coming from. I personally try to avoid too much nostalgia. Others seem to love it.
A friend of mine lost 200 pounds in one year. It was amazing to witness! \ That is incredible. What a determination and dedication he must have put for achieving such a result
Oh yes! He never lost motivation through the entire process. \ I wish I had that level of willpower to even lose a couple of pounds from my hanging waist fat
A lady was having issues with a program on her computer, and I solved it with no problems! \ That's awesome! My experience was quite opposite as I sat waiting in the dentist chair for a 2 1/2 hour procedure!
That sounds unpleasant, did you get in afterwards? \ Yes! I'm actually glad it's over :) So, how long did it take you to fix the computer problem?
I was so nervous going to the dentist today, I thought I would pass out! \ Oh no, did it end up okay?
I suppose so, I much needed tooth is repaired now so my anxiety really was for nothing. \ I'm glad to hear it turned out okay.
I had a job interview yesterday. I was really nervous before it started. \ Was it on the phone or in person?
It was in person. We mostly interviewed in a conference room, then we took a lab tour afterwards. \ How did you do?
I visited New York last weekend, I was amazed. \ Wow, I have never been! What all did you see?
I saw Times Square. It was awesome. \ Oh cool. What was you favorite thing at the square? 
I wish I can get the part I want \ A part in what?
The community play \ What play is it?
I cried all night, my brother is going back to Iraq. \ That is rough news.  How long?
A year, I can't even visit. \ That is hard.  I am so sorry
I went over to my friends house to look at her new puppies. There were five and they were the size of my palm. I was so so happy and excited to see them, I was full of glee. \ What kind of puppies?
they were mutts but they kind of look like labs, mixed with rottweillers! \ Why don't you buy one from your friend?
I am ok making average money in my life. \ oddly enough so am I. I just want to be comfortable. How do you feel about that?
As long as I can pay my bills I am happy. \ That's very good, do you feel content at the moment?
I was wearing a white jacket because I was going to a presentation and it got really dirty. \ Did you spill something on it?
I fell down some stairs and there were scuff marks all over it. \ Did you hurt yourself?
I am ready for my camping trip next weekend. \ Are you excited about it?
Yes, I am going with my best friend. \ I hope you have a great time!
I failed Introduction to Statistics class that I took as a summer class. I can't understand how i cannot even pass an introductory classes \ Maybe you should take a different class.
The class is my part of required classes to take in order to graduate, not even an elective that I can just skip and never worry about \ You will have to study harder then.
I can not wait till Christmas. \ Especially getting gifts from family. What a special holiday this is
Yes. I always go to my gradnpa's house. \ How weird it may seem, but my mom still gives me children's book as a gift for each Christmas
Hi friend, I ate a peanut butter sandwich today and it reminded me of my late grandmother. \ Awww that is sad but happy al at the same time!
yeah it just reminds me of good and simpler times you know? \ I hear that.  You hang in there
I am worried I won't wake up to my alarm \ does that usually happen often? 
It has happened a couple times this month.  Darn iphone \ haha yeah it happens to me too. I bet you're frustrated about that. Have you tried different apps?
I feel so much better when i complete the goals I set for myself. \ I know what you mean. It is always a reason to be proud.
Do you set goals for yourself? If so, what are your common goals? \ I just set short term goals along the way.
My husband had to go out of town for work. \ What does he do for work?
He builds computers. He will be gone for 2 months! I don't know what to do. \ Well you could always pick up a new hobby! What is something you've always wanted to learn?
I am so ready for the midterm elections. \ Me too
I hope the Republicans win. \ Oh, man. Why is that?
I hope the next doctor's appt. that I have goes well. Sometimes they aren't the greatest experience.  \ Are you sick?
Yeah, I have health problems, it's complicated.  \ That sucks, I will pray for you.
I really love my wife. \ That is wonderful to hear
Yes, we have been married only one year. But I have loved every minute of it. \ Don't ever forget why!
I am so ready for my interview tomorrow \ What time is it at?
It is at 10am \ Make sure you get there early.
Hey man. I get really nervous with my girlfriend dude. \ Why is that?
She texts me all the time that we need to "talk" and I'm like concerned you know \ Have you spoke to her?
I am so ready for September. \ Oh yeah me too man, you like the fall?
I love the fall, my favorite season. \ Yeah me too it's very comfortable. What else do you think about it?
I'm so angry they end up charging me 255 in charges that did not belong to me.   \ Yeah, that is pretty annoying to have happen.
I called them and did not hold back.  \ Good man! That is your money and they just wanna snatch from you.
So yeah this Log even hit me square in the face and i ran out of the car. \ Wow, it's a wounder you did not get killed!
Dude the doctor and my parents thought the same thing. \ Do you have any lasting damage? 
Nah, I did have shards of glass on me for a couple of days even after taking showers. \ I was in a accident years ago and found glass coming out of my scalp for weeks. So I know how it is.
When I was working my first job, my parents picked me up in my new car, I was very surprised, i thought I was gonna have to buy my own car \ wow, that was so awesome of them!
Yeah it really was, I am still very thankful of them \ I had to buy my first car and it wasn't until I was 21 that I could afford it. 
I'm nearing 40 and I find myself thinking a lot about my teen years and early twenties. The friends I had then and the fun we had. \ That is where I am still at, I am scared I will have regrets when I get older
I don' \ That is good, I am glad you have no regrets!
I have never cheated on my wife. \ Why do you think that is?
Cause I love her. \ I love my dog, i still cheat on it.
I won the lottery when I was 18 years old. \ How much did you win?
I won about 82,000 but I ended up splitting it with someone else. \ Do you have any of it left?
I can not wait for the leaves to change color and the temperature to change. \ Yes, I prefer the fall also.
What's your favorite thing about fall? \ That football starts.
I can not believe my friend died last week. \ I'm sorry about your loss. How are you doing?
I am ok, I wish I could of stopped it. \ What exactly happened?
I am sure that I will get a raise. \ That's great! What makes you so confident?
I know my boss likes my work. \ Well that awesome to hear! I hope you do get it soon!
I can't wait to try out my new gold club! \ Gold club where?
Oh, I meant to say golf, sorry! That makes more sense now, huh? \ How many holes does it have?
My brother calls me all the time, so annoying. \ Oh no!  What does he do that is so annoying?
He just calls and talks about nothing. \ It is nice that he wants to stay connected I guess
I am so excited to go to the water park \ Who are you going with?
I am taking my 3 kids \ Nice, have they been before?
When I found out a was finally having a little girl, I was thrilled! \ you were? Was your pregnancy planned
Yes, it was planned. I had 2 boys before her. Third times a charm! lol \ hahah oh man finally that is so good! Congratulations on your children
Well I actually haven't gotten my period in two months.. \ Oh no! Have you bought a test yet? Were you trying?
I bought a test today at dollar tree because I am struggling. I am not. An accident. \ Thats scary! I hope that you aren't pregnant then!!
yeah the situation was unexpected but maybe I got a false positive... \ I hope so
I wish everyone would get along. \ What is the disagreement about?
Just in general, people need to get along. \ I agree. What do you think will help people get along?
Have you ever had a pet run away? \ Yes when I was little.
My dog ran away today. What kind of pet did you have as a kid? \ I also had a dog, did you find your dog?
I cried for a week when I found out my had a miscarriage. \ That is terrible, i would cry as well.
Yea, I do not know if we will ever have kids now. \ you can always adopt, thats what we did!
My dad bought me my first car a few weeks ago! \ What kind?
The one i asked for, and it's red! \ Nice, was model is it?
I can't believe I walked in on someone using the restroom.  \ Oh my, that must've been an embarrassing situation!
It was! I knocked first and no one answered, so I thought it was okay to go in.  \ That's ok, you did the right thing. It probably happens to lots of people.
Last week my friend I have not seen in a couple years surprised me at my doorstep. It was awesome seeing them again. \ Oh, wow! That's awesome that your friend unexpectedly surprised you. 
Yea I was totally not expecting it. I was so happy to see them in person. \ I bet that was really heartwarming. I'm glad you had that experience. 
hey friend, I am so tired and sleepy. \ Tell me about it. I got like 3 hours last night
dude same, my girlfriend just loves to talk and talk and doesn't let me sleep. It is exhausting, I can't rest. \ Hey! Girlfriends just need an ear some time. 
I have never been able to chug a beer. I guess girls arent supposed to anyway \ you can do whatever you want!! You like beer?
I love beer. Just can't chug. I can only do half lol \ oh okay I see lol chugging reminds me of high school
I am so thankful for my time with my grandma \ What do you do with her?
We like to sit and talk about everything \ Is she still alive?
I know I will get an A on my test. \ Yes you will with that attitude
I study each night and  take practice tests. \ That is the key isnt it?
It was really annoying when I was thinking I would room with my brother back in freshman year of college, but it didn't work out as planned. \ It would have been easier to room with your brother isntead of a random roomate ,I bet.
Definitely. It was just some random guy, and he was really incompatible with me too so it was really frustrating that they didn't room us together. \ Strange they ask you to pay for college, but offer few choices.
We moved to a new house last year and love it - and have spend much less working on projects and more time with the kids. \ That's great! That time with the kids will really be worth it, ultimately.
Absolutely, and the time taken to becmoe experts on home repair is rather large. \ Yeah, it's a good thing that you have a lot of time for other more important things now.
The day my daughter was born was the happiest day of my life \ Congratulations! You and your family must be delighted to have a new member!
We are, it is for sure a change! \ I am sure that you will be a great parent. You clearly show that you already love your new born daughter.
I was walking home from work at night when I accidentally stepped on a dead rat. I almost puked myself looking at it. \ I would cry, very much!
Yea I am usually terrified of rats, so seeing a dead one is even worse! \ I would cry and cry for days.
I really do like worms. \ Worms? yuck!
I do not like them cause they are always slimy. \ But you just said you do like them.
I get paid in a couple of days. I'm going straight to the mall \ What are you going to buy?
Lots of clothes for me and my kids. \ What store will you go to?
I was so amazed when  the magician made my hat dissapear. \ I had to use a subway once to get to work on time.
How did you like it? \ It was ok, but while on the train I lost my phone and somebody returned it to me.
So remember I told you, that I've lost my phone for a moment on a subway? \ Yes, what about it?
So i guess I just dropped it, and a very old man, picked it up and gave it back to me \ That was nice of him.
On the weekends, my kids go away and it is just me. \ Do you enjoy your free time or are you sad?
I am sad most of the time when they are gone. \ I'm sorry to hear that.
I found a nice pair of jeans at the store that fit just right. \ Cool, I have a pair of jeans.
Everything worked out just fine. \ When will you wear them?
I studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when I got the results back, I was disappointed to see a low mark. \ Did you get sleepy while studying?
I had lots of coffee so I did not. I was very focused on studying. \ i would have fallen asleep for sure.
I take full care of my grandmother! \ I live and take care of my grandmother too!
What things we have in common! \ Yea, I feel that it is worth every second of it! They are the reasons we exist
Hi. I feel very alone, I haven't dated since I was cheated on... \ That is understandable.  You need to let it happen naturally. Be with your friends and find yourself
thank you I appreciate that. I just yearn for that company too you know. \ I understand.  It will happen for you if you keep an open mind and don't rush
I felt really guilty when I got a babysitter for the kids \ did you not want to leave them with someone else?
I hardly ever do.  I just never get out and I thought it was the right thing to do \ it is did you have fun?
I'm going on a vacation to Las Vegas on Friday! \ Vegas is always a popular destination for vacation!
I can't wait to go to the clubs! \ Clubs are so fun! Any specific ones in mind?
Today I came home to find that my dog ripped all our pillows into shreds! I was so angry that I had to punish my dog. \ That's terrible! How did you punish your dog?
I yelled at her for a bit and put her into the cage for a little bit. \ Maybe your dog has learned it's lesson.
I woke up today to a bit of a strange sight. \ Tell me all about it.
Well, it was still dark and too early, but I felt like I had enough sleep. \ I try to always go for extra sleep.
When I was 22, I had a surprise birthday party! \ What happened on it?
Everyone showed up at my house with cakes and presents! \ Wow, sounds like you have good fiends, and it was fun.
I am so thankful for my humble life \ That's good. Some people don't appreciate anything.
I know it.  Have to appreciate a healthy family though \ That's a blessing too. I happy that my family is healthy too.
My lights were disconnected the other day. The reason was so embarassing. \ Oh no!  What happened?
I was supposed to pay 147 and I only paid 146. Stupid me. \ That is really ridiculous that they shut it off over just $1 though!
When I think about happiness, the first thing that comes to mind is the overwhelming sense of bliss when my daughter was born. \ Aww, that's a nice story. I'm glad you have that to carry with you.
Thanks! What is a joyful moment in your life? \ I'm thinking of a time that a party was thrown for me as a surprise. All those people getting together was really fun.
The party that was thrown for me was for my 30th. I think it made friends and family just as happy as it made me. \ Wow! 30th is a big milestone birthday! I can imagine that everyone was excited to get to share that with you.
Thank you! I was glad to share that moment with them. \ Did you feel old after?
Have you ever been in a situation when payment of some kind has come through *just* in the nick of time?! Talk about gratitude! \ I bet that must have been nerve wracking until it happened.
Absolutely. You go from scared and desperate to grateful and optimistic in one quick moment! It's not a situation I wish to be in again. \ Oh I'm sure. I would not like to be in a situation like that. Good thing everything worked out for you.
My friend was telling me about teaching jobs to apply for. I didn't get hired, but she got one right off the bat! \ It sounds like you're happy for her, which is commendable given you didn't get hired. Were you very disappointed?
I was kind of envious that she got the job and I didn't because it seemed like I was more qualified than she was. \ That's always tough. It's so hard to tell what other factors come into play in situations like that. Are you happy where you're currently at, or still looking?
I decided to clean out my drawers today and found my old toys from when I was younger. They brought back happy memories. \ These nostalgic emotions are unique and very pleasant to have. I sometimes rewind them in my mind just to escape from my anxiety
That is a good idea. Old memories that you remember tend to be ones you are really fond of. \ Old memories that are good tend to help me emotionally and mentally. Not those that were distressing
My college friend called me and asked if we could have a double date dinner with my and his partner. I do not know why but my partner refused \ Did you ask why your partner refused. That is very weird.
She just told me that she felt uncomfortable by having a dinner with another couple. That is totally something new that I learned about her \ That is okay, at least she was honest with you about her preferences.
How can people eat human flesh? \ I would guess that if your survival mode you will do whatever you have to.
I could never ever do it! \ I would like to think that I wouldn't but if it were that or die, I'd eat.
I had to do a presentation for school. I researched the subject and was certain that I had all my facts in order \ What happened? Did you?
I wasn't nervous because I was so sure of myself. \ That's perfect then, i'm sure you did a great job@
I remember as a kid when I was mad I would try to break something my parents owned. Looking back, I feel remorse for what I did. \ Tell me exactly what that was like? Hopefully it's different now?
I would just try to break a household item whenever they punished me. Yes it is different now, I try to control my temper in non violent ways. \ I could not even imagine how mad your parents must be.
I got a new puppy yesterday! \ Nice! I bet it is a very cute puppy.
It's the most cute, it's so small \ That is just adorable! You should take many photos before it grows too big!
I was mortified when my jeans ripped \ yes i am mortified jeans ripped
When did you have that happen? \  i am working
i am very faithful \ What are you referring to?
yes my behavior refereed to people \ That is nce
I bought a lottery ticket and won a prize. I never win so this was unexpected \ Woah! That is great news. Have you told anyone yet?
I could not help myself I told everyone. \ I don't blame you at all. You just received life changing news.
Everyday I remind myself of how lucky I am to have a pair of supportive parents. \ You are so right. It can make all the difference.
Yes, good parents are needed in order to successfully raise a child. \ It is challenging to raise children. Everybody could use a hand.
It is nice to have a roof over my head \ I feel the same way. There are so many people who are struggling now.
It is sad.  I would like to be a part of the change with that \ It's such a difficult situation that you just don't know where to begin.
I had a job interview. Everything went great and I just knew the job was mine. \ Great@  So you found out already that you got it or are you just confident?
That's just it, I didn't get it. It went to someone that I'm sure is less qualified. It was quite upsetting. \ that is upsetting.  I am sorry to hear that
My daughter was born in January so the Christmas before she was born I had to spend alone since I was too close to her due date to travel to my family. \ ok you going to your family
Yes you see my family lives across the country from me \ no
thank you \ thank you for what?
nothing \ okay
I was a little put off when I was passed over for the promotion \ That can be upsetting. Did they tell you why?
No just the usual responses that don't offer useful feedback \ Maybe it's time to look for another job.
Another friend of mine followed through what they said they would do. They usually don't. \ That is impressive.  Why did you doubt them?
This is not something that is normal for them. But this made me look at them in another way. \ Is it something you are happy with?
Am waiting for my interview results which I did yesterday. \ I hate interviews the most.
Me too. but we can't skip this process to get job.  \ Sure you can, work for yourself!
I let my dad borrow 10 dollars! \ Is there any emergency need for money?
Not for me, but dad always need money and I give to him. \ It's our responsibility to take care of our parents. 
My daughter made the honor roll at school. She worked really hard this semester \ That is great1
I thought my heart would burst. \ You must have been so proud!
I love to watch my nieces \ Kids are amazing. How old are they?
They are 6 and 2 \ Great ages to have lots of fun with.
So i had some anger management issues as a kid. Makes me feel dumb thinking back. \ I did too, honestly. I have really improved them myself, good to hear that you have too.
Yeah, being a lot calmer is nice and well less stress really. \ Although I still deal with stress occasionally, I know exactly what you mean. 
I had my first real drink back in October with some of my friends and I was really nervous about it. \ Why were you nervous about it? Usually drinking means to loosen up and have fun.
It does, but I had never tried anything like drugs or alcohol before so I didn't know what to expect. \ I can see that, i had my first beer at 13 due to my brother but knew it was wrong at my age.
I won the science fair last year! \ That is fantastic.  What for?
A water volcano that errupted when you looked at it too long \ That is awesome!
5 \ What does that mean exactly?
Sorry!  I can't wait to go on vacation \ I would love a vacation!
Last weekend, I invited my friend over and we played FIFA on PS4. I won against him with a large score \ Ps4 is the best system to play on!
I know. I felt very superior when beating him on this game with great performance \ I love beating others.
I hate losing! \ Can you be more specific about what things you had lost in the past?
I lose at everything I do it seems. \ So you consider yourself a general loser in life?
I watched a news report about the mistreatment of animals. The behavior of these people is something I can't stand \ I am with you.  It is horrendous
I hope that the punishment they receive will be a warning for others. \ I agree with you
I loved going to the diner where I grew up \ Is it still there? 
It is not unfortunately \ It sounds like that experience made a lot of amazing memories for you.
I had to make an out of town trip on a unfamiliar road. I was a little uneasy about it. \ I can understand that.  Were you by yourself?
I was not alone. Once I got out of town it was really easy. I don't know what I was so worried about. \ that is good to hear
We dont have a fence but I know my dog will stay in the yard \ I wouldn't be so sure of that. Even the best trained dogs can run when given a reason.
He is such a good dog though \ Ha Ha. They all are until they run.
I was switching around the tv channels and came across a show from my childhood. It really brought back some memories.  \ That is nice.  What show?
It was on one of the channels that shows old shows. I had not seen it in years. \ That is really cool
I was really scared when I walked to my car after the movie \ Because of the movie or where you were parked?
It was after a horror movie \ It must have been really good to keep you scared afterwards.
i was frustrated because i could not print a document, and a co worker showed me a keyboard shortcut to find it everytime. \ That had to be relief. So now you won't have to deal with that frustration again.
Yes indeed, it was frustrating!  I didn't have time to mess with it everytime i had to print something. \ Those keyboard shortcuts can be lifesavers.
I worked really hard on a project at work and earned a bonus. It made me feel really good about myself \ That's awesome! what was the project?
It was something that the company had been working on for quite awhile. I was the one that came up with the solution. \ you must be very clever
I think Ive seen every show on Netflix. Im waiting for something really good. \ I just got Netflix back.  What is good?
OITNB just got a new season. Ive watched it already. \ That sounds good.  
I was really broken up when we had to put our family dog to sleep \ Oh no. Thats sad. What was wrong?
She was really old and getting really ucomfortable \ Im sorry. That must have been hard,
I went to an musical competition. one such a Musical voice is repeating in my mind from yesterday. \ I could never ever sing.
Me too, my voice is also didn't match with music.  \ I can barely even talk!
I stole a back of chips from church once. \ Oh, What was your age when you've stolen?
maybe twelve years of age \ It's happening all around. If we're repeating the same, it'll become a bad habit.
I always eat some of the grapes inside the grocery store. I know its stealing. \ They may consider that shoplifting. It would be terrible to go to jail for grapes.
I know right. I buy some. sometimes. \ I think I would stop doing that. Jail doesn't appeal to me.
I ran into a friend that I had not seen in years. We had a lot of catching up to do \ Cool. Are they still the same?
Time changes all of us. But it was fun to think about the old times. \ Are you gonna get together again?
Gradating high school was the best day of my life. \ Did you party after?
Of course not, i went straight to sleep! \ I partied like crazy after graduation.
MY kid loves her new school and she doesnt like anything! \ Don't be daft! Kids should never watch tv!
I said nothing about tv \ They have tv inside the school do they not?
She likes school because she met a bunch of kids that like anime. \ Even I love anime and i stopped watching tv a few years ago, maybe I shall return.
Im so grateful for my family due to an incident with my friend \ Oh really? What happened with your family and friend then?
My friend lost her parents and siblings in a fire and their family was very close to mine. So seeing her go through the grief made me realize how thankful I should be  \ Oh wow, that's awful. Stuff like that really teaches you to appreciate what you've got and to not take it for granted.
I can't help but feel bad, since my friend has met a really good girl for him and I'm happy for him, but I wish I was in a good relationship too you know? \ I totally understand. But I guess as a friend you also have to be happy for him and one day you will get your happiness too
Exactly, I am happy for him but I can't help but feel that sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach when I hear about it. Still kinda makes me feel like a bad person. \ Remember that the universe has a perfect timing for everything. Being with someone isn't everything, be comfortable and enjoy your own company and love will come when you least expect it :) 
I was a little on the fence about letting my daughter go to a party \ Why is that?
I didn't know the parents well \ Well that's understandable.
I remember the first day of my first job 17 years ago. \ What kind of job was it?
I worked in the food court at the airport. \ Oh wow!  I have actually worked there too
I made an Apple pie to take to a dinner but then I ate the whole thing. I didn't bring anything to the dinner. \ I love apple pie. I feel you.
I felt so bad for not bringing anything. \ You brought yourself. I am a glass half full type of lady lol
MY daughter and I talk about everything. We are close. \ You are  lucky to be able to have that kind of relationship. 
I hope it lasts she is still a teen. \ You have a strong foundation. Even if she wavers she will return.
I know this upcoming electionis going to change the state of our union. \ We will see. Don't worry so much.
I'm not worried. Im optimistic. \ Good for you. I like a positive attitude.
I was trying to explain something to someone and they cut me off and would not listen \ I hate when that happens
It is something that can be hard to deal with. \ Being courteous isnt that hard. People just dont try
I have my list all ready for the grocery store tomorrow. \ Yeah? What do you need to buy?
Things for the kids lunches. They all like different stuff. \ How many kids do you have?
I have the flat to myself today \ Cool What are you going to do?
Some work and some reading. \ Well thats good if its quiet.
Im not excited about this semester at all. \ Why and what did happen?
Im working now and I dont want to be slammed \ Oh, be positive, try your best.
I was angry on my mom. \ Why?
She lost the watch which I presented to her for anniversary. \ Oh well it wasnt on purpose. People lose things.
I am so scared of mice. \ Really? Why? They're so small.
They are fast and sneaky and I think one is in my kitchen \ Oh no! Have you put traps down?
I'm looking for a new job. \ Ok. Had any interviews yet?
A few. None at Rentokill - so I can't solve your problems :-) \ Lol. Well good luck. Job searches can be tough.
I'm sure I'll get one sooner or later. \ You will.
My ex boyfriend just won't move on. Its sad \ Those are the kind you better keep a watch on. You never know what he might do.
I don't think he's dangerous. He just always want to talk about the past or getting back together. Im not interested. \ Don't engage with him he will think that your interested.
I was at work and heard gossip about a coworker. I didn't say anything in their defense \ Is the coworker your friend?
We aren't really friends but I don't think what was said is true. \ You probably shoulf have told them that wasnt a decent thing to do. 
My old job was the best. I miss it. \ why
It was fun. I liked my coworkers. And I got good discounts on clothes. \ ok
thank you \ you're welcome, but for what?
nothing \ ok then lol
I had so many bad dates recently. I just know my next one is gonna be great. \ I hope it is - do you have any funny experiences from the bad ones?
I told a guy I was afraid of zombies and he laughed so hard I just wanted to go home. \ I'm sorry to hear that. You'll find somebody good soon!
I'm looking forward to the new football season starting! \ Really? Are you watching training?
Yeah - I co-own a team in Spain so I can access video of them preparing. \ Oh you mean soccer lol
Yeah - sorry, should have explained that. I forget that in America you don't sue the right name :-) \ I will agree with you there. We use whatever words we want.
I'm moving to New York soon. \ How exciting for you. 
I think I can make it there. Its never too lare. \ There's always hope in a new beginning.
I watched a movie that looked really good on the trailer but I didn't like it at all \ What was the movie? Save me
I don't want to say because I feel like everybody should judge for themselves.  \ Well thanks for nothing lol
When I won the honor society president election I was so confident in myself! \ I bet so. I've never done anything like that before.
I beat someone way more popular, that is what made it surprising to me \ That is surprising. Usually these things are a popularity contest.
The other day my kids were being bad and I didn't feel well and I yelled at them. I felt guilty afterwards.  \ I would not, they have to learn at some point!
Yes, but there are other ways to discipline them then yelling. I hurt their feelings. \ I get that, but it was bound to happn at some point
U despise people who wear Jordans. Ive never had a pair. \ I've never had a pair either - but I don't despise them. Why do you feel so strongly?
I wouldnt spend that much on a pair of shoes, but I would like to say that I could at least \ Yeah - I don't see why someone would spend so much either.
Its crazy right? \ Maybe we're just jealous!
My biggest skill is being able to bake bread. \ Wow. I have never even tried. Seems complicated.
It's actually pretty straight forward when you know how. It's a good skill to have as it means you can make something from very cheap ingredients. \ Maybe I will try one day.
You should - there are loads of recipes online and it tastes so much better than store bought \ What do you make best?
I like to make ciabatta - but it's difficult as the dough is very wet and sticky \ Never even had it before.
Im pretty happy with my new job. \ congrats
Thanks. It doesnt pay much, but it helps people. \ ya i am interesting to help for people
i am going to garden \ Cool. Thats a fun hobby.
thank you \ Well habe fun I guess.
My daughter is still up asking me for snacks. It is 3 am \ That's a hard thing to deal with. Do you think she's really hungry?
No. She just doesnt want to go to bed, \ Maybe her body clock is out of whack.
There is a concert coming to town and I can hardly wait to see it \ Whos playing?
Pink. She is such an amazing performer.  \ Omg. I love her. 
I love kids. I want to give some a home one day. \ Do you have any of your own?
Three. I think I would be a good foster parent too \ I'm sure you would with all that experience!
I was watching the Tour De France cycling race over the last week or two \ Wow. Was it intersting?
Definitely. I was surprised by that Geraint Thomas won. \ I have no idea who that is. Sorry.
I can't wait until the football season starts! I am so pumped! \ Football or soccer?
American football is what I am excited for. \ Whats your favorite team?
I hide my snacks from my kids. \ Why do you hide snacks from your kids?
So I can have them all to myself of course. \ That does not seem very nice.
Some things have changed in my life and my close friends have family have helped me through, which I really appreciate. \ Thats good. Everyone isnt so fortunate.
For sure, thank you. Times can change very unexpectedly.  \ Its goof to have support when it does change.
Definitely, I think we all need to support each other better in this world.  \ Exactly
Hopefully we can find some kindness in the world and get the support we all need.  \ We would all be better people then
Im still pretty cool with my ex. \ That's good to hear.
We didnt end well but we moved past it. \ That's good that you can get through and hopefully still care about each other.
Its nice. \ I hope you can find the peace and keep up whatever friendship you may have.
Me too. Its workinf out so far \ That's great. I understand sometimes we might need distance as well. But being cool with the other person is nice to see. 
MY neighbors are seriously having a party in the middle of the week. \ Right now?
Right now. \ Oh man! I feel sorry for you. What time is it where you are - 1am?
I used to be engaged. \ What happened?
It's a long story. Basically, I moved out without telling her. I was very immature then! \ Shame on you. 
We all make mistakes. She has been married 4 times since then. \ Oh wow. Maybe you dodged a bullet.
I think so. Now I travel alone through life! \ Me too lol
Halloween is my favorite holiday \ Is it? Do you like dressing up then? Or is it the tricks?
Dressing up with my kids. I wish it was every month. \ You can make it every month! Have fancy dress parties for the kids
Why have I never thought og that. Today is now Halloween. \ Excellent!
I went to Disney World on holiday when I was 12 \ Did you have fun?
IT WAS AMAZING!!! \ I bet I enjoyed it when I was 30 and pregnant!
I walked to the store today and didnt even have my purse. \ Did you have any money?
I left it home. The guy knows me though. I will bring it to him tomorrow. \ That's good he is nice like that.
I just took a test and I'm nervous if I passed or not. \ What kind of test?
It was a biology test. \ Biology isnt as easy as I thought either.
I have a job interview today \ Good luck. Whats the job?
It's a contact centre manager job. \ Cool. Ive done that before.
My sister always owes  me money \ Does she? Do you want me to break her kneecaps for you?
Please do. She never pays me back on time. I hate that. \ Me too. It's not fair. Just message me her address and $1000 and I'll do it :-)
My parents bought me a car when i turned 17, i was so surprised \ You must have been thrilled! There is nothing like a first car. Did you love it?
I still own it actually, still running! \ No way -- THAT'S the best. Paid for (I'm assuming) *and* running. Do you hope to do the same for your kids when it's time?
I'm a big believer in listening to your gut. Sometimes I might wonder where my intuition is leading me, but it always seems to be spot on. \ I agree, someimes we just know
It is a "knowing" -- and a flowing! When something is right, it just feels easier to go with it -- like you're being led, even if you might not fully know to where. \ exactly, i get that entirely!
I miss having a man at home. \ Yeah? I'm sorry to hear that. Are you looking for someone else? (Does that sound sleazy, lol?)
I am looking but its not going well.  \ Oh dear. Maybe you don't need a man - I'm one and can confirm that they are messy, noisy and rude.
I know all of those things lol. Just alone every day can get to you \ It sure can.
It will happen eventualy \ DEfinitely
I was in the supermarket the other day. It was very busy and people were letting their kids run wild causing chaos! \ I hate that.
It was irrational as I know they aren't doing it on purpose - but it made me really angry \ People should be more considerate though.
My daughter got an F on an exm and hid it from me. \ Jeesh, was she not paying attention in class, or is there some other issue?
I have no idea. I dont trust anything she says now. \ I couldn't imagine my kid going so far as to hide something like that from me. Maybe she was just scared of how you would react.
She shouldve been. Im serious about school \ Well you tend to be a bit overly serious about things, maybe you should try looking at the issue from her point of view you know?
I do but I don't tolerate lying either. I dont lie to her. \ She is a kid man, kids mess up. I can't imagine you were a beacon of honesty when you were a kid. 
Man you would believe what my family did for me on my birthday! Big bash waiting for me at home after a long day. \ Thats cool.
Yeah, they got me a cake from that bakery you recommended. Wonder who let them know it was my new favorite place for sweets. \ Oh. You're welcome lol
So it was you! Honestly I shouldn't be surprised but I'm touched my family went so far as to get in contact with you. \ I read your journal
Well that explains how you knew to reach out to my family.  \ Im sldo in your closet
I have the worst mailman. \ Really? Why is that?
He doesnt always vlose the mailbox and the mai goes flying \ Oh no! How does that make you feel?
I can't understand why some people earn so much money. \ I know right
Yeah - my old boss used to get more than double my wage, yet I couldn't see what he brought to the role to deserve that. \ I know exactly what you mean.
I think Im done with voting. \ Why are you done with voting?
It seems pointless in my neighborhood. \ You shouldn't give up on your government.
I just watched this horror film, it was so scary! \ I hate horror films Too many nightmares.
I know, I won't watch anymore of those. \ Whose idea were those anyway?
It was bad and ontop of it they refused to admit their mistake \ Oh no, what happened?
placed an order online and the appliance place didnt have it, so they gave me something else without telling me \ Oh, that's odd! I'm sorry they didn't tell you what was going on. 
Thanks for hearing me out. I filed a complaint at the council. I hope they listen \ No problem! I hope so too. Good luck with that!
One day I randomly got a raise, not something I was expecting! \ oh wow. Bet it felt amazing. was it a mistake?
Thanks! It wasn't a mistake. Just unexpected and pretty neat! \ sounds like a great day. makes you wish it would happen everyday
You won't believe what I found when I went on my jog yesterday. A fallen baby bird just sitting on the sidewalk! \ Oh no
Right? Luckily the nest wasn't to high up and I managed to get it back before a cat or something got it. \ That was nice. 
Well I mean what would you do in that situation? Couldn't just leave it there. \ Probably Im scared of birds.
Wow, but come on its just a baby. \ It flies. I am afraid of butterflies. Seriously
I cant believe my friend got engaged before I did. \ Well its to be expected, all you do is sit in your house on the weekends. 
I do not. I dont have a boyfriend either though \ Well next weekend come out with me and the rest of the group, bet we could find you a few interested guys.
As long as they are rich okay \ Well lets not aim too high. How about we start with good looking and go from there.
My girlfriend just broke up with me. \ Oh shoot! What happened, are you okay?
I feel really hurt and sad. \ What happened? I thought you guys were attached at the hip? 
I just found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me. God this is the worst week of my life. \ I feel really sorry for you. Will you be okay?
I don't know, its weird just sitting at home and knowing she isn't here. \ I hope everything works out for you.
I love public speaking \ That's nice, do you get nervous?
Not really. I feel really confident. I just kind of go for it. \ That's great, do you have a warm up routine to get your ready?
No. I just seem to be able to block out any fear mentally. \ Cool, what do you do if you happen to be low on energy?
It never really happens - I think the adrenalin kicks in. \ Makes sense!
I was at the store and accidentally knocked over some items. I could feel my face turning red. \ That's so embarrassing! What did you do?
I picked them up and tried to move to another area! \ Did anyone say anything?
I don't think so. I seem to do these things quite often. \ Well at least you got away with it this time!
I was really embarrassed and disappointed  \ oh why?
Because the appointment  was cancelled  \ Was it an important appointment?
I really was distraught \ really?
yes. Makes me value human-human interaction a lot more. I had to go to the grocery store to feel ok \ ok
Do you watch Orange is the New Black? I was sad when I saw it. \ I haven't seen it, but I know a lot of people like it. 
Yeah - it's a bit like an old HBO show called Oz \ Sounds good, were you said throughout the series or because of an ending?
Because of an ending - I don't want to spoil it for you though \ I appreciate that! I wish I had watched it so you could talk more about it. 
I was flying alone, even though I had before, this particular time I felt wary. \ Really? Why was that?
I think I felt concerned that the plane would crash or that something else bad might happen.  \ Do you normally feel like that when you fly?
I was shocked when I got a new car. My parents surprised me so well \ Damn, I wish I had a car myself. What was the occasion?
my birthday! \ Cool, 16th birthday or what?
One time I was at this party and a girl started to get really touchy feely and flirting with me, but I had a girlfriend at the time. \ what did you do?
I was way too close to my girlfriend to do anything, so I just let her know that I was in a relationship so that she wouldn't get the wrong idea. \ that was the right move!
it made me proud he was my rep \ Who was your rep?
the president represented us at this association \ Aha. What was the association?
I find people with extendable dog leads annoying. \ What about it is annoying? Isnt it better for the dog?
It probably is better for the dog. But the owners aren't always responsible. Where I live they use them on the sidewalk and block off the whole area for other people walking. \ that does not seem safe for anyone. Is there anything you can do about it?
I can't believe my dog just passed away. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Are you OK?
I am so hurt right now. \ Oh man. That's so sad.
I like sailing on yachts. \ That sounds like fun.
It is - especially in the sunshine \ I love the sunshine, it's great.
I am disgusted that so many people voted in favour of Brexit in the UK. \ Why is that?
I can't see why tey would want to sever ties with Europe and become separate \ I can understand that viewpoint. It's a very complicated issue though!
Last week I received an award at work for good performance which really made my week! \ Well done! Do you get a prize or anything?
Yes actually, a small prize and some recognition which is great as I haven't been working there long. \ That's great. Keep up the good work
I often feel lonely. \ Why do you think you often feel that way?
I live alone and my family live far away. \ Do you have any friends around that area?
I've been so frustrated today. \ Why is that?
I feel like I wasted a lot of time today because someone blocked my car after work and I couldn't leave. \ That IS annoying.
I recently had a lovely meal. \ That is wonderful, good food makes for happy people
It was Italian food, my favorite. \ thats my favorite food too! no wonder it was lovely. you should cook italian food often then
my dad told me i can't go to the party tonight \ Why not? That doesn't sound fun.
Not at all fun. We got into a huge argument about me using the car earlier and then he said my punishment was i can't go to the party! \ I'm sorry the hear that, maybe next time.
Hi! is it okay to be angry at a friend when he throws you to jail for absolutely nothing? \ Absolutely. What happened?
He lied about me assaulting him and it was just an argument really. \ That's bad. Did any charges get pressed?
I need to find a new job soon \ What kind of job do you want?
a high paying one! \ Accounting jobs are usually high paying j.
I was traveling on a plane by myself and I felt kind of scared. \ I can understand that, flying is scary.
It is. We ended up going through a thunderstorm. \ I'm glad you didn't get hurt.
Some one took my car recently. \ Oh, wow. That's awful, I'm sorry!
I am so upset about it. \ I understand. Will your insurance help you?
Its such a wonderful  experience ,hard work  pays!  \ What was the hard work?
Putting effort in accomplishing a given assignment   \ Good. WEll done then.
I was disappointed not to get a job I interviewed for. \ Wow!  Never mind, the best is reserved  for the last
Hopefully - I need to find something soon. \ Don't give up! 
I just asked my girlfriend if she will marry me. \ What did she say?
She said yes, I am so happy! \ Congratulations. That's amazing!
On a similar theme. I have a friend who got on really well on an blind date \ That is great news.  He must be lucky.
Yeah - I'd be too scared to meet a stranger from online. \ It seems like everything worked out for him.
I was afraid  \ Afraid of what?
I was thinking it was a burglar   \ Can you provide more details?
I going to see a doctor to know my blood test results and I hope that I don't have anything serious. \ ok
I am going to him this afternoon. \ really?
So, I asked my 7 year old what 12x12 was the other day, and he gave me the correct answer without hesitation. \ That's impressive, sounds like a smart young man.
Thanks, I'm really proud of him. We homeschool so I guess I'm doing something right! \ Sounds like it, Good for you guys!
My girlfriend has some mental health issues and sometimes ends up in the hospital, and I go and see her as often as I can. \ I'm so sorry about that. It sounds like you're doing your best to be supportive.
Thanks, I am definitely trying to be as supportive as I can, she's my world. \ She's very lucky to have you. I wish you guys the best!
I've burn \ What do you mean?
Sorry that was an error  ! I hard prepared  so hard for the forth coming  professional  exams \ really - do you feel confident?
I remember my holidays as a child very fondly. \ So what  made it fondly? 
The weather always seemed to be good and we had lots of fun. \ Nice!  Was it on a summer time? 
I just got a promotion at work. \ Congrats. You must be very proud of yourself. Will you celebrate?
I really am.  It was so much hard work, I must celebrate. \ I agree, be sure to keeping up the good work! 
I let my cousin borrow my car. I regret doing that. \ Oh no, what happened to the car?
It was filled with used diapers! \ Wow, that is so disgusting.
Getting things done makes you feel confident \ I agree. I thinking making a list helps with that.
For sure.Organize scheduled helps a lot to have success \ I like to have a set of goals for the week to accomplish.
I was so mad when I saw my ruined package I ordered. \ Did you mess on the order?
No it looked like someone crushed it! \ Wow.You must feel angry about that
Yesterday was my birthday and I had no idea my friends had thrown me a party! \ That sounds amazing, good for you!
I agree, they did really well to hide it from me until the last moment! \ How surprised were you about it?
I recently went to the doctor to run some tests. \ I hope you didnt get any bad news from the doctor.
I don't know yet but I'm nervous I might have a disease. \ I am sorry to hear that. Hopefully its a treatable disease! 
Yesterday was my nephews birthday party. Unfortunately, I missed it! \ Uhmnn, so how do you  think  she would react? 
She was very sad. I felt really bad that I overslept and missed it. \ Anyway  you have to find a way of better explaining  ,hope he'll  understand? 
Had a board meeting  to attend ,yet at the last hour, after delay ,it was cancelled  \ That is unfortunate. You must have really angry to have wasted your time.
U can't imagine!  \ It has happened to me as well. Its very annoying when it happens.
I am angry with my friend. \ What did he do to you?
He owes me money, but he was out drinking last night. I can't afford to go out. \ You should not lend money to anyone,even if it is your friend
I get to the airport 3 hours before my flight leaves \ Really - are you scared of missing it?
I prefer to be early than being running late. \ Me too - I get very stressed if there's even a chance of being late.
It has been very quiet in here since she went on vacation. No one to talk to. \ Did you got bored?
I kept myself occupied with movies and video games. But it wasn't the same as having real company. \ I understand.
The people that bring more cabin luggage than expected in the airplane are making me angry. \ That shouldn't be allowed in the first place.
Yes, it shouldn't. They break stuff in our luggage by forcing to put their luggage. I got a laptop broken because of this once. \ Oh my. I would be angry if that happened too.
I recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. \ What?  Was that freezed to have stayed that long? 
It was out at room temperature, I wanted to throw up. \ Uhmmnn!  That's awful!  
Waited as the numbers spinned,and finally the call, that was mine! \ What game were you playing?
Lotto \ Wow, I am so happy for you!
Lately, I got the best grades in my class at university. I am so happy \ Good job! A good education is great for your future.
I hope so even if it is not always true. \ It is very much worth it in the long run.
I knew I was going to get the promotion I was up for. \ Congratulation. Good job.
Thank you. I didn't doubt myself for a second. \ Good. Self confidence is important. When did you get the promotion?
Unfortunately there was a fire in my garage yesterday. \ Oh my. How did that happen? I hope no one was hurt
Some electrical short circuit. Thankfully, no. But my car caught fire \ Does your insurance cover fire damage?
I can't wait to travel south to get my favorite take out. Can't find it here. \ That is a very long drive! How long will it take to get there?
About an hour. But it'll be worth it. \ It must be very good, if you're willing to go that far!
Man the first ever console i owned personally was a gamecube. Was so surprised getting it was funny what my parents did. \ Ahh yes,  must have been a very nice surprise! Did you play Mario on it?
I didn't get Mario until late was Sonic adventures 2, Parents hid the console in the bathroom with the game and told me to go clean the bathroom. \ Well thats one way to get your kids to do household chores!
I still remember my high school days, I was a terrific athlete during that time. \ What athletics did you participate in?
The runner's marathon. I felt so proud when I came in second place because I had trained for many months for it! \ Man i know that feeling. But sounds like you worked hard.
I have a job interview today \ OK get prepared! 
I'm a bit apprehensive about it to be honest \ Well, can only wish you luck!  You need to be bold 
The Olympics  is around the corner \ Is it not about 2 years away?
Well ,why wait till the last hour, that's like a routine  to me though \ OK - are you going to go to Tokyo to see it?
I recently has my identity stolen on the internet. \ Am so sorry,  how did you handle it?
I am so upset about it, I had to call all of the credit bureaus.  \ That can be tiresome. I hope you had it all handled at the end
I failed most of my Units in my first year of study in college. \ That's terrible, will you be able to stay in school?
Yeah just the hustle of having to repeat all the units i failed. \ Well, I hope you do better this year.
I am very happy that Canada replied to Trump by increasing taxes on some us products. \ yes it appears a trade war might happen now!
Yes. Trump has started all that as usual. \ I agree, he needs to stop isolating the U.S.
Hi, I have desired a Porsche for many years and my father bought it for me yesterday! \ That is a great surprise. Did you drive it?
I did actually, it was so giddy seeing how fast it drove! \ You are very lucky.
I'm quite happy with where I live. I have 3 swimming pools to use anytime I want and also a gym. \ Wow, you're very lucky. Do you share the facilities with other people?
Yes but there's hardly anyone else who uses them because they only come for 2 weeks out of the year for a vacation. I'm here permanently. \ Which part of the country are you in? Are you by the beach?
Luckily it didn't end unhappily, the dog came back \ It ran away? Better make sure can't do that again. Stressful 
Yeah, and it's even worse when it's not your dog \ I can imagine so
I have never been so shocked than when my husband threw me a birthday party without me knowing. \ Was it fun?
It was so much fun. I thought is was going to be another normal day. Wake up, go to work, etc. but I was wrong about that! \ Was it recently? Happy Birthday
Are you in the US? We have a thing in the UK called Prime Minister's Question Time which is like a debate shown on TV of our parliament. It makes me very angry. \ I am in the US. Why does it make you so angry? I've never heard about.
The politicians just spend the whole time shouting at each other and laughing at their own jokes. It's pathetic. You should youtube it. \ I think I will, I'm very curious now. You think they would want to use their time more wisely.
Unfortunately, I forgot it was my wife's birthday yesterday! \ Oh man that's a good way to end up on the couch.
I deserve it. I feel really bad about it! \ You better find a way to make that up to her.
I really wish I had my neighbor's new car. \ Why is that? Is it your favorite type of car?
It makes my car look bad next to it. I like Acura RSXs. \ I see, turn that jealousy into motivation to get that Acura!
I recently found out my wife is pregnant. \ Congratulations. We have a boy on the way. 3 months to go!
I was so shocked by the news.  Thank you! \ I remember my surprise too. She tricked me all day and said she wasn't pregnant.
It was a long 3 weeks but I'm so happy it's over and she's back now \ Oh goodness, what happened for the past 3 weeks?
She went to visit her family \ Oh, I was thinking something bad happened.
I felt pretty bad after I cheated on my Math test. \ Well, that really  bad!  
Yeah I should have just studied harder. \ Well ,that goodness you were not caught, that would have been expulsion 
You need to see the customized version  \ The customized version of what?
Car I mean  \ Oh okay. What kind of car is it?
My dog won't have his vitamins for his allergies now for another week because of this foobar situation. \ Oh wow that seems like a bad situation. 
Yes it is pretty sad that I can't get what I paid for. I even contacted the seller but they never responded. \ Is there another company that may be able to help you?
I remember this time two years ago when I was expecting my youngest child we didn't know whether she would be a boy or a girl. I was so excited when they told me the results were a girl. \ What a happy time I bet you were very prouod and excited!! :-
Mostly surprised because it caught us off guard, but nonetheless it was an awesome time and we are so happy. \ Yay that is awesome! Sometimes not knowing the gender of the baby is a very cool surprise they say.
My grandmother is the person that taught me how to cook. \ Nice!  What is your favorite dish that she taught you?
Meatloaf. Sadly, she's at the age where she can't cook much anymore. \ Awww I am sorry.  At least she showed you how to make it!
I got really mad yesterday because my husband made a huge mess in the house. \ Oh wow. That sounds like me and my husband!
There are still beer cans all over my living room as we speak.   Makes me so mad! \ That would make me mad, too. How hard is it to throw stuff away?
My brother graduated high school, I was proud of him \ When did he graduate? Sounds like a really cool moment to share with him.
2017, I was there, it was awesome! \ I graduated that year too! Cool to see that you were as excited as he likely was.
A month or two ago my girlfriend randomly broke up with me and I had no idea that she was even close to considering that. \ I am very sorry to hear that, that must be terrible....
It wasn't a great time, but it just really irked me since I had no idea that she was not into me at that time. She must've been really good at faking it. \ I undertand that. People are crazy like that, I never understood it
A year ago I spent a lot of time doing research for an article. Then a top journal accepted it for publication. \ what was the topic
It was about the medieval poet Geoffrey Chaucer. \ I'm not familiar with him where is he from
He was an English poet in the fourteenth century, \ and how did you learn about him
Do you have any irritating coworkers? \ Yes, I think that everyone does! What about you?
yes a few that drive me nuts. the janitor is the worst \ That's too bad. Our janitor is very friendly.
Leaving home makes me feel unhappy \ That makes me so sad. Why is that so?
I have to be away and I am not able to play with my son \ yes that can be a huge problem. I'm so sorry you're having to go through that.
NO problem.HAve you ever fell sad? \ Of course, I've felt sad for many reasons. Things that happen in the world make me sad.
Do you recall something that makes you really sad? \ What makes me sad is hunger in the world. I cannot stand people suffering.
Another thing that makes me sad is when someone is being racist. I saw someone being very obnoxious the other day and it was awful. \ That is a reason to be sad but also to be furious
That's right, it makes me angry as well when someone is treated unfairly. \ All people are the same.I understand why you feel ver sad and I guess frustrated too
My birthday was last week.  It was a really upsetting day.   \ Sorry to hear that. Why is that?
I didnt get any presents.. no cards.. no nothing from anybody. \ That must have been very upsetting. It happened to me back in 6th grade.
I trusted my coworker to type up an important report but he did not. \ So did you get in trouble for it?
yes and its all my coworkers fault.  \ That would make me so mad!   I wouldn't even want to go to work!
I recently saw a baby vomit on his mother. \ That is pretty gross but it happens often.
I was so grossed out by the sight of it. \ If you plan on having a kid it will happen.
I can't wait to go to the amusement park again! \ That sounds like so much fun!
I think the roller coasters are my favorite thing. \ I like the little roller coasters myself.
Hello! \ Hey, do you have anything on your mind?
Yeah! i just received an email from guild wars 2 customer support, I lost my game code so i couldnt recover my account (forgot password), and they sent an email back asking me for the code. its so surprising having to deal with people this stupid, you would think that they would never get hired to begin with \ I agree, incompetent customer support is one of the worst things when dealing with such problems.
I bought a really expensive phone that I worked very hard to buy. Sadly, my friend dropped it and broke it. \ have they offered to buy you a replacement?
No, he ran away and is ignoring my messages. I just feel like punching him! \ Thats not a very good friend then. accidents happen but you should own up to them :/ have you considered suing in small claims? youd at least get your money back to get a new phone
My grandmother was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's. \ Sorry to hear that.IS she going to be under treatment?
She's in a nursing home now. I've been visiting her every week. \ Thats pretty kind of you.WHat is the doctor saying?
Goals are a very important part of our life \ Yes, they are. They keep us motivated.
What are your goals in life? \ My main one is to become a mother. I also want to be out of debt ASAP.
I've asked my roommate to keep the smell contained but it still smells strong as we have a smaller 3 bedroom house. Part of the problems is his bed linen and clothes are always dirty. \ Have you talked to him about being a bit cleaner in general?
Good point and yes we both have asked him to tidy his room up some to help with the bad smells. He works in a deli and does nothing when he gets home, so talking to him did not work even though he agreed to try. \ Ah that's a tough situation. Maybe some subtle hints would work best, like leaving a deodorizer near his room.
I felt really good tonight after I got back from the cinema. \ Oh that sounds like fun! What kind of film did you see?
It was an action film, and it was surprisingly one of the best I've seen recently. \ Action films on the big screen are very exciting with the loud sounds and visual effects!!
It was a very hard experience in my soul to lose my mother \ Sorry to hear this! I can understand your pain. 
Thank you for your solidarity \ Take care of yourself and your family.
I didn't go to school today.  \ Do you want to do something special today?
No, I feel sick and stayed in hostel. I miss my mom today. \ you can read something
I had to watch over my dad when he got sick. I just felt like I needed to make sure he was going to be okay \ That must've been hard. I love my dad the most of all family members
Yeah it was hard, but we got through it \ I'm glad to hear that.
We knew she was pregnant, but didn't know the gender yet. Imagine my shock when I saw the ultrasound for the gender! \ I am sure it will be fine, do you have a preference
Well it's a boy. Which is what I have been wanting since we met \ I am happy for you then
I know I shouldnt have felt the way I did but man it was hard when my daughter threw a fit at the store!  \ What did happen in the store? Why did your daughter throw a fit?
She was just being moody I guess  \ Oh, did you convince her?
My little son won a trophy for the best actor.  \ thats so adorable! how old is he? 
just 8 years old, I much happy about it. \ i bet i would be too 
my sister is always broke but last month she got me an expensive lawnmower \ oh cool how much was it? 
i googled it and it was around 450 bucks \ holy! thats a lot but she will get good use out of it 
The worst thing happened the other day.  \ tell me more about this
My daughter fell and chipped her tooth!  \ oh my god 
I reconnected with one of my childhood friends and I even got to go to the house that we used to hang out in years and years ago. \ That is something I want to do when I get older, I miss the golden days!
You should, especially if you truly miss any of your childhood friends. It was a surreal but amazing experience. \ I bet it was, to catch up after awhile, few things really compare
My grandmother passed away when I was a child, it really upset me \ That's tragic, I haven't had to deal with anything like that yet.
I am happy for you, I hope that continues \ I hope so too, and I hope that you don't have to deal with anything like that anytime soon.
Even though there are plenty of flirts around, I remain loyal to my wife. \ That is good, it is very important to be loyal in a healthy relationship!
It is the most important thing to me. I have told her since day one, which was 5 years ago now. \ Good for you! I wish more people were like this, unlike my ex! 
My son scored a goal in a football match yesterday \ Well done. You must be very proud of him.
I am. He worked really hard to improve his scoring technique and it finally paid off@ \ Football is pretty much the only sport I like.
Hi, yesterday I had a board meeting which I really prepared for, but it was cancelled at the last minute! \ How did you feel, relieved or disappointed?
I was very annoyed because I had prepared everything! \ Did they reschedule?
So I went into the interview feeling somewhat confident \ And what happened then?
I had the interview, which was quite a pleasant experience. I was home less than 2 hours and got a call offering me the job \ Congrats. You must be very proud of yourself.
I felt bad when I lied to my dad about missing a lunch meeting. I said I was sick and I was not \ What did you do instead? 
I was hungover and lazy \ well you could always take him out or do something he would like to make up for it im sure he wont mind 
The other day I was going thru things and found my dads old t shirt.  \ I am sure that brought back memories
it really did some of the best  \ I do love those kind of memories
I recently lost my dog, after 13 years. \ oh I am so sorry for your loss.
Yeah, it was terrible.  Heart wrenching to bury him. \ I bet. You gave him a good long life, that was the best you could do.
I have this vacation planned for this weekend but I am worried \ What are you worried about?
well I want to cross my fingers and just wish that we have a good time, I am a big planner. \ Ahh, well I am sure you will have blast!
My friend got a new truck, I'm really envious of him. \ You should channel that envy into motivation!
I agree, if I work hard I could buy that truck.  \ Exactly, be positive and you can buy one for yourself!
There was fire in my garage yesterday! \ Oh no! Are you ok?
yes, but my car burned down, sadly. \ I'm sorry to hear that. What caused the fire?
I had such an amazing day yesterday it was insane.  \ Oh, tell me what happened.
I ended up selling my house and getting a new job all in the same day  \ That sounds like a very eventful day!
I recently saw a man juggling 10 balls at the same time. \ thats so cool where were you when you seen that? 
I was really humbled.  It was at a circus. \ i would have been too thats really cool 
I was drunk once and completely forgot my girlfriends birthday \ that happens to everyone
I was so ashamed and felt so bad. She was very special to me. \ i hope she forgave you
i worked hard this summer to lose my belly, i was walking around the beach with confidence . I think i'm hot now \ Well done to you. Its not so easy to lose weight. What motivated you?
i just wanted to have some abs once in my life, no promises i will keep them  \ Having a good looking body is not just to look good its also a reflection of a healthy life. You should try and keep it.
Hello, I feel that today is going to be a wonderful day .... I will enjoy it \ That is a great attitude to have!  It is great to have an optimistic approach to life.
If I really like to be positive, despite the difficulties \ I feel the same way.  We are a glass half full kind of people!
I have always been a laid back person. I never get too worried about anything. \ It's a good attitude, it keeps you young
Yeah, I just don't let things bother me and am just a generally happy person. \ keep like this ... happy
Hi friend. I have had a lot of problems with my girlfriend \ I've been there. That must be rough. What's going on ?
well actually it is going well, we have managed to work a lot of things out and have stayed true to each other. I am excited for the future. \ I am happy you worked it out. Stay loyal to each other. It's the most important thing
I have been looking after my wife this week. She has the flu \ oh poor thing, is she at least getting better?
It seems so. Sleeping all day today lol \ haha that must be nice too though, you get your own alone time for the most part!
I am so impatient and ready overwhelmed all of it!  \ What are you overwhelmed by
Everything honestly, I am just so ready for my future to begin.  \ I am sure it will begin soon
I was really scared when a bad storm hit close to my house. I thought we could have died \ omg.. sounds terrible.. do you usually get storms like that in your area? 
Its very rare, but when they do, they are bad \ it sounds like it well i am glad everyone is okay 
I have a girlfriend, and I will never cheat on her \ So your saying your faithful and love her.
Absolutely, not even a doubt \ Sounds like you got your priorities straight good man.
So i am really happy with myself lately. Finally graduated college after 8 years since 2009. \ Wow, go you! I am proud of you, it can be tough to do!
Yeah it felt tough every year that passed but i got that degree man. \ That is what matters, best of luck using it friend!
Sadly, I missed my wife's wedding anniversary \ I'm sorry, how did she take it?
She was upset. I felt really bad for forgetting it. \ Hopefully she will forgive you for it.
I recently saw a hot dog eating contest. \ It must have been quite interesting. Did it make you feel hungry?
Actually, I was sickened by it. \ Oh my, I can see why. It must have been very noisy and animal-like
I was so ready to go camping with my friends. \ Then? 
I packed my kit with every possible thing we could need. \ Where are you camping? 
He struggled  with cancer for 2 years  \ Who did? And I'm sorry to hear that.
A Bossom friend  \ I am sorry for your loss. 
I trusted my coworker to give my a high standard of work but he did not. \ thats a terrible situation you are in has it been resolved? 
I trusted my coworker to give my a high standard of work but he did not. \ Yeah that sounds really bad! 
I am feeling kind of bad about my decision to quit my job. I hope I didnt make the wrong choice.  \ I see, it will be alright. You just have to be positive!
Yeah I am trying I really am! ugh  \ You must be feel a bit guilty, but thats okay
I was happy when my brother finished college. He really did deserve it \ How long did he study for? 
Over 4 years or so \ awesome good for him... what will his career choice me now? 
My first born is going to be starting school this year, exciting!  \ I am sure they will do fine
Oh yes I am sure as well. I really cant wait to see what she crafts together in her first days.  \ She sounds creative
My dad was there for me when I dropped out of college. I knew things would be okay because of him \ That is an example of an awesome parent.  It is good to know he has got your back!
It was a nice feeling for sure \ I am sure it really helped your self confidence and feelings of worth.
For the 3rd month in a row, I have received and incorrect cell phone bill! I feel like screaming at the customer care representatives! \ That sounds so annoying
Man, your right.  I get to feeling so hot and like I can explode! \ Just be civil as much as you can
When a spot came open for a supervisor job at my employer, that was a stressful week for me. \ I am sorry it was so stressful
They had many qualified candidates and it took a full week for them to make their decision. \ Just hope for the best
I knew my dad could help me find a new truck. I just believed in him \ Well, it is a good thing you had so much faith in your father.
He always came through it seems \ It is good you had someone so reliable in your life.
Waking up super early reminds me of tournament days when I wrestled back in high school...the feeling of raw determination and hunger for victory mixed with dread, it's a pretty oxymoronic combination \ I bet you were good at it
I was.  Loved being one of the smallest guys out there...cuz I would give em hell usually facing guys twice my size \ That is pretty impressive
I was scared when we had a tornado warning. I thought it was coming straight for us \ Oh wow.  Have you ever been in a torando?
I have, they are not fun \ People tend to say that...which makes me more curious and wanting to be in one haha
Hi, my boss my fired me for no reason \ I'm sorry, I think it's an opportunity to start a new job better
I agree, but it was unfair since I had the highest return in my department \ that's right ... but you have to keep going ... I know that you will do well
This morning and I saw a tree, I never detailed it, but this time I saw it beautiful ... I realized God exists \ I see, you must have felt hopeful
I gave thanks in spite of the difficulties \ Good, one should always be positive
I literally youtubed a how to video on taking apart and repairing a washing machine... and I repaired it for 17 dollars! \ ... I congratulate you ... it's good news!
I know  right! I saved a lot of money which is always awesome! :)  \ that gives a lot of confidence ....
Today I realized that my daughter sings wonderful, I enjoy it a lot ... I was impressed \ thats adorable how old is she? 
she is 9 years old ... she is a nice girl \ she sounds like it 
In boxing I used to be scared to spar guys who were bigger because I would get my butt kicked.  Then I learned about timing and proper technique and gained more confidence when I was able to hit them back \ i believe this story please tell me ore
Well the first gym I trained at was pretty brutal...nobody held back punches, we would pretty much try to knock each other out \ such a manly thing to do dont you agree ?
this woman was very pretty and she was begging at the side of the road, i wanted to take her home with me \ So...what did you do
i chose not to because i do not know how safe it might be to do such a thing \ smart
I have a girlfriend, and I would never cheat on her \ That is an amazing thing. Being cheated on is one of the worst things that can happen when ones enters a bond like a relationship.
I agree, I am not sure how people can do that to each other \ I am sure that you two will have a happy and loving life together especially if she reciprocates your desire to never cheat. 
I love going to places that I explored and play at as a child. Every time I go, I always feel super nostalgic. \ I am very nostalgic too, that must be a fun time!
Yes, until you realize that it was 20 years since you played there, and you start feeling old \ That is true, but it is part of life, but it is cool to see things again, regain perspective
I had to work the day that my boyfriend and his family went to a Christmas party. \ ugh thats the worst right.. everyone should have holidays off. 
It wasn't even a holiday, just on a Saturday during the day because the drive was so long. \ I say skip work next time :p go for it 
I cant wait for work to finish today. I am headed out to a concert to have some fun! \ That sounds like a blast. Who are you going to see?
Its just a bunch of locals! Its going to be rad.  \ That is fun, is it an inside thing or outside?
My neighbor just bought this fancy car, i think its an Audi. Probably cost him 70K but he works at a call center, i dont know how he can afford that on $10 p/h \ whaaat that is insane! Alright he must be doing something really LEGAL right? lol 
No people in my area just want to out impress each other even if it means no food for their kids  \ some people really are like that though. I am not one of those people tho. 
I am really feeling at peace today with life. Its a good feeling to feel good right?   \ I agree but you do not need much in life to be happy if you are a content person
Very true, but its hard to remain so when you have so much bad happening for years in a row. Yesterday changed a lot in my life for me. I am grateful.  \ i am happy for you
my neighbor just installed a 40k pool, i think its a waste of money \ Maybe, but maybe not. I bet it would be a lot of fun to have such a nice pool if you had the money for it. 
i thought about it but the maintainance cost is at least 4k a year for that size \ I mean I would never be able to afford that but if they can then it is nothing for them to do the routine care.
I wont forget the day I found out I passed my final exam, and my dad was promising to take me out on a vacation.   \ did he ?
He sure did, he always kept his promises.  \ you have a great dad
Im so on the edge of my seat. My house went under contract yesterday, and today I find out the closing date.    \ wow i closed 2 weeks ago
amazing! great feeling right? god i cant wait.  \ it truly is
i dont steal but i stole beer from a store once \ were you drunk? 
no sober, i was just broke  \ lol well atleast you are honest! 
I let my friend take my car to work today.  \ hope he takes care of it
He better, I am counting on him. lol  \ you are a good friend,  i would never let my friend borrow mine
this bum was pooping on the matress he was sleeping on, i was flabbergasted  \ that literally makes no sense like i get it you are homeless but no reason to be dirty! ugh 
he must have been high  \ probably so either way still disgusting 
Hi, I feel bad because I've realized that I do not love my husband, but I do not have the courage to tell him \ That's a pretty heavy realization...better tell him now that regret it later
You're right \ Best of luck to you
I had tried chatting up this cute German girl at a hostel I used to live at but she just kept ignoring me.  I thought she hated me until she just opened up one night...and let me get to second base...mind blown I've just accepted I'll never understand women  \ Well, go ahead, know that women are an art, that you get many attempts
Yes the thrill lies in their unpredictability...no offense if you're a woman \ quiet, we're like that ... you're right
