i maxed out all my cards last christmas season, i am so dissapointed by myself \ You're not alone I've got a bunch of debt to pay off
Its a part of life no matter how you tried to avoid it \ For now I just sweep it under the rug and pretend like it doesn't exist. So after that point my life is pretty much perfect
I sometimes look back at my old, deadbeat childish self...and am so glad that I decided to man up and start making something of myself sooner than later \ i am so proud of you, keep it up 
lol thanks.  I couldn't go back to the way I was...I'd probably beat the crap out of that guy \ you are probably older now as well
I lied to my dad when I was younger and I hope my child doesnt do the same.  \ Sometimes you've gotta live with regrets.  Accept it as part of your past life and move on
I am trying to but its hard because i was not an easy child.  \ Same I've put my parents through a lot.  But now I'm trying to be the best version of myself so I can eventually pay them back
I go to bed every night expecting to wake up a better version of myself than the day before. \ that is a very positive way to think i wish i could think like you 
Anybody can do it, it's really easy.  Just gotta count your blessings \ ill try my best and see where it gets me 
I'm looking for a new job, and I'm feeling pretty good about my options. \ what are your options? 
There's a lot of openings for tech jobs lately, especially technical support. \ oh yeah thats always going to be up and coming for sure 
I am so upset with how my rent continues to increase!  \ I know, it's awful! How much did your rent go up?
another 95 dollars. it has went up 3 times in 6 months.  \ Wow...You need to find a new place to live because that's completely unreasonable.
My wife just went out of town for school for 2 months.  I don't really know anyone here, so I don't know what I'm going to do while she's gone. \ It is an excellent opportunity, to know other people and places, to open up to the possibility, I assure you that it will go to you very well
I'm sure it is great for her, but it makes me feel a little unsure of what to do with myself. \ You do the same thing ... the opportunity is for both
Hello, I made a serious mistake. I made a comment without bad intentions of the elders. I related them to the dinosaurs, and my father heard it ... he looked me in the eyes ... and he told me that you too could be one of them ... I felt bad \ That sounds like it's rough, did your father accept your apology?
yes, but I feel like a cockroach \ Well, I'm sure he understands, and you shouldn't feel too bad, as long as you apologized you're fine.
My sister is coming from France to visit us. I am happy to see her again. \ How exciting, are you from France?
No, I am not. It is exciting. It has been almost a year since I saw her. \ When did she move out there?
I started working out again and it was nerveracking to begin again. \ Great. How long did you stop working out?
It's been over 10 years since i've worked out! \ It is always good to work out but start slowly since it has been a long time since your last work out.
I couldnt sleep for a month when I first moved into my apartment. It was full of cockroaches.  \ That's gross! Did you complain to your landlord?
I did and it took them a month to get it fixed but they came out three times a week thats how bad it was!  \ Wow, that's pretty bad. I would complain to someone higher up, because that's just disgusting! 
I'm supposed to be on a diet, but I couldn't help myself and I ate three chocolate bars. \ it happens we have to reward ourselves sometimes. dark chocolate is actually good for you! 
But I'm supposed to be on a diet! I can't lose weight if I have no self control :( \ hey it was just one day! you got this... work extra hard for the next 5 days! 
my husband lost his job a couple of months ago and yesterday he finally got a new job!! \ That's awesome
He is such a hard working man! He works so much so i could stay home with our baby \ I'm sure your supportiveness inspires him to work as hard as he does
I never want to lose my unquenchable lust for success...I love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and I never want to lose it \ you sound so motivated, that's really great! I believe in you
Thanks I appreciate it...but really it should motivate you to believe in yourself \ It does motivate me too! 
Do you remember those old coca cola christmas ad with the 18 wheeler. They remind me of my childhood. \ I do remember that and I think there is a lot of nostalgia there
There sure is. I want to find a model of that truck for my child to play with. \ I love things that remind me of my childhood, it is even more fun to share it with our kids
I received a wonderful surprise one day \ Really! What was it?
I got a key in the mail and took the key to a local lumber store and got to unlock a box with a prize \ That sounds amazing! What was in the box???
I am terrified of death.  \ I think most people are really.  Anything specific about it?
just the thought of no longer being alive, and everything coming to an end.  \ Yeah, that's a scary thought.  I try to think about what I can leave behind, and hope there's something past death.
I was trying to take a nap the other day and my neighbor wouldn't shut her tiny barky dog up. \ I totally feel you on that. I swear my neighbors have to be the loudest at night slamming their car doors and yelling outside right in front of my bedroom window. 
Ugh, that's the worst.  Thankfully we're on the second floor so we don't have to deal with car noise too much. \ My bedroom is first floor, and literally maybe 4 feet from the parking lot. Lucky me. Lucky you tho too with animals. lol 
Yesterday at work, my boss recognized me for work that my coworker actually did. I feel bad that I took credit for it. \ Oh, that's awful. What will you do to make it right?
I think I should just fee up to my boss and coworker.  Hopefully that makes me feel better. \ Yeah, I think that's a good idea. I hope it all turns out for good.
When I was pregnant with my second child, I had a really difficult pregnancy. My midwife wasn't sure either of us would make it. \ Oh no!  It seems as though everything turned our OK, right?  I am sure you were strong!
Yes, in the end we both survived. He was a beautiful healthy boy and was born on a beautiful sunny afternoon. \ That is great!  It was all worth it in the end.
i was driving down the road when this car was speeding towards me, nearly hit me head on \ Oh my!  I am glad to hear you managed to avoid the collision.
people will never learn not to speed \ Young people never appreciate the danger of speeding.
I am nervous about going to the dentist's office today. \ what are you getting done
Wisdom teeth being removed. \ ouch , gargle some whiskey
my wife is going overseas with our baby and i'm so nervous!!! \ give her an unlocked phone 
she doesn't need it, her phone will work everywhere \ is she being billed for data though ?
i cant even park where i want the neighbors keep stealing my parking spaces \ that's not nice of them. is that parking lot assigned to you?
its not technically but they know me i have lived here for years \ they should be nicer! i'm sorry they are so inconsiderate
I surprise myself everyday because my unbreakable focus on self betterment continues to reward me in unexpected ways". \ Wow, you're so well spoken. 
Appreciate it.  \ so how do you better yourself?
I lost my favorite hoodie somewhere. I'm so upset. Like how could i lose a hoodie? it's so big, did i just leave it somewhere? \ Did you retrace your steps
I've been to so many places on that day it would be really hard to do it \ I used to lose stuff all the time.  Then I learned to relax and actively imagine all the places I'd been to.  It worked for me then, found a G-shock watch a pair of nikes and my wallet
Well no softball tournament for me this weekend!  Not enough interest I guess. \ Maybe there is rain in the forecast
Its always hard finding enough teams to sign up for tournaments on the weekend. \ Probably a lot are on vacation  ,especially now.
Got some plant fertilizer and it burned my spearmint plant. So I took it back to Walmart. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  Did they replace the plant as well?
Some of the stems are dead but not all of it. Waiting to see if it survives. It smells great. \ I hope it comes back.  Fertilizer is always an experimental thing. Plants are so finicky.
When my daughter was a baby she couldn't talk so I taught her sign language. \ i just love that, my son knows ASL
That's great! I taught her a few words that were interesting to her so she could tell us what she needed. \ i wish schools would teach kids asl 
remember those old AOL disc that they use to spam us with in the mail ? i saw one at a fleamarket \ Oh wow! I remember my parents getting them so much. Why would someone need that now?
i guess its just for nostalgia and to collect.  \ Possibly, but I doubt it could be worth anything. I would have thrown it out.
I hope this doesn't make me sound like a horrible boyfriend, but when my girlfriend first moved into my house, I felt very apprehensive towards the move at first. I was used to it being one way, and she was changing everything. Took some getting used to. \ I'm sure it did! It's not easy to have to adapt to another person's habits.
I know. It caused some tension the first week or so. I had to take a deep breath, and realize its just things, and it was just me being reluctant to change.  \ Yes, sometimes we have to learn to let go of the little things so we can appreciate the more important things. It sounds like you have done a great job!
This morning I was running late for work, and I got so mad at the driver in front of me! \ Was the person one of those one people who goes like 5 miles an hour in a 65?
No, but I do hate those, too! We were in bumper to bumper traffic, and this woman is putting on her makeup.  She doesn't notice when the car in front of her moves, and we miss the light. Ugh! \ The question is, did the woman at least do a good job ( from what you could see)?
I was going through my childhood photo albums the other day. \ did you cry ?
Yes, because I missed so many memories \ i love the old days as well
this pretty girl was on the train and i accidentally farted loud infront of her \ Oh my, that must have been super embarrassing. Did you get red faced?
no i pretended it wasnt me but she knew \ Did you ask for her number afterwards?
my sister gave me $400 but i know she's always broke, i wonder why \ That seemed nice of her, maybe she felt bad about something?
or maybe she wants me to sign for a car for her with my credit, uh oh \ Oh so she gave you money to kind of persuade you to do it?
My sister in law planned a get together during a time we couldn't go. \ she wants to spend time with you
Well no, she knew we couldn't go out late because of my son's bedtime and scheduled it anyway. \ that was nice of her
I'm going to see my parents in 3 weeks!! I didn't see them since 2014! I'm so excited \ that's great! I bet they are equally excited if not more :) are you travelling alone?
no, with my little baby. they've never met my son, they can't wait \ oh i bet! you guys will have such a wonderful time together
my neighbors were so loud last night i didn't get enough sleep and now i feel so cranky!! \ uhhh i know how you feel!! we have some young neighbors downstairs and sometimes they have late night parties in their apartment
that's so annoying and inconsiderate! \ tell me about it. i even talked to them several times but they don't care
I saw a wolf or coyote in my yard a while back and I think it killed a little beaver that lived in the creek  for years behind my house. \ That must have been amazing to see!  Did you try to scare it away or just watch it?  Be careful since it sounds like it may be dangerous.
No I didn't see it happen, there was a piece of a dead animal that looked like the beaver in my yard, just the mouth and eyes were left. ugh.. \ Wow!  Definitely be careful then!
My friend just purchased a new BMW after getting a large bonus! I want his cor so bad it hurts! \ That was some bonus. If you go to I think South carolina, they have a factory somewhere there and they are cheaper I think
That is good to know!  Maybe I could afford one then and not sit here wanting it so bad! \ A friend got one used down there near Spartanburg.
sometimes i steal the candy and eat it that i buy for my  1 year old \ Aw, well I'm sure a child that young doesn't really need it.
i know but i don't even leave one i eat it all like a greed \ Well maybe you can practice and get better at it for when your baby is older.
My mother in law wanted to take my daughter to Colorado, but she is only 3. \ its a beautiful place
I'm sure it is, but she is very young and still looks for me in the morning. \ in that case i agree then
I felt very confident when I aced my job interview for my current job \ Thats good. One should always appreciate family.
Yeah, and i am really close with my brothers which helps a ton \ I see, healthy relationships should be cherished!
He was, but I am livid with him, since he destroyed my car. \ That is fair, I would be as well
Right? I worked hard for that car \ I undertstand that, I would be very upset as well
i have an old cart a 1990 corolla that made it all the way from Key west to Texas \ That is cool though, does it still run fine?
yes it has 350k miles \ Wow, that is a good run though, great job keeping it running!
I am hopeful that my new degree will land me a better job \ it will
That would be great, I could deal with making more money \ sure
I was devestated when my grandmother passed away, I still am not over that \ Sorry to hear that. I have lost all my grandparents so I know the feeling. 
Wow that is even worse, I cannot even fathom that, I am so sorry \ Yeah, it takes a long time to get over .  And it's never easy.
A mommy deer got hit by a car in front of my house and her two babies keep hanging around looking for her. I'm afraid they're going to go in the road like she did and get killed. Ugh. \ That is so sad, humans made a huge impact on animals lives in that sense
Oh I know, I see dead animals way too much. It's terrible. I hope they make it , they seem to be eating on their own at least. \ It makes me feel sick as well, I hit a bird once and almost cried
I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends \ That's great. It seems that everything is going well for you.
thank you, I wish the same for you! \ Thanks. I guess you are quite happy about everything.
We were going on vacation and I made a list of everything we could possibly need when we were there. \ Where are you going on vacation?
We went to New Jersey, so a long way for us. We had a toddler, so I had to make sure I had everything for her. \ That is close for me, but it is a fun time!
I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon \ wow i am happy for you
thank you, it is a few months away still \ around christmas right
first time home owner here, so proud \ I am aspriing to be one, congrats!
are you a homeowner \ not yet, I am still young
I always hate thinking that my son is getting old. Just like a few days ago, I was looking at some of my sons old clothes, and it made me very sentimental. I never want him to get old on me.  \ I believe you are really sad although it's a fact of life
Yes. You get to see them change and grow. It makes it all worth it.  \ True, and the good thing is that when the kids grow, they provide moral support to parents.
It made me feel really disappointed when my CV got rejected in the first place. \ How did you respond after rejection?
Well it took some time for me to cope up because I really put a lot of efforts, however I got to understand that it should be rather taken as a learning experience \ Yes, you hear stories all of the time about people being rejected to find out that it was a blessing in disguise
I get sentimental about my brothers, they are very important to me \ I know how you feel.  I have siblings as well.  They are quite important and give life meaning.
they really do, I am so happy to hae them \ That is a great attitude and outlook to have!
My 15 year old cat just passed away. I feel so empty and down in the dumps without him. \ I am so sorry to hear that!
I can't get over bad I feel. \ I unsderstand that entirely
Before I met my girlfriend and friends I was very lonely, that was not a fun time \ I've been there, it can really suck to be lonely.  It sounds like you're doing better though :)
I am, I am so happy that is the case \ I'm glad to hear it.  It's great to have found someone.
My wife had been out of the country for 2 months for school.  I left early to get to the airport to get her when she came back because I was excited to see her. \ I would be too, that is a long time!
Yeah, it's especially long since we only recently moved and I don't really know anyone outside of work. \ Wow that would make for a lonely timeframe
people who speed scare me \ why is that?
they tend to be yo0ung and careless \ Weren't we are like that...
I seem to be always alert, so that even something loud happens, I remain calm. \ i admire that 
I just wander, is this normal? \ no its not
I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon \ That will be a ton of fun to play!  I rememeber when the first one came out, what a blast.  Now I have to go get a switch!
You definitely should, they are a great system to own, I LOVE mine \ What is your favorite game?
I remember when my first child was born. I was overcome with pride and happiness! \ I would imagine, that is a huge event! My favorite game was Zelda by the way
Now that my kids are older I should get the Nintendo Switch and teach them to play.  They would love that. \ You should, there are tons of age appropriate games like Mario Kart and Splatoon!
I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon \ Sounds interesting. I'd love to check that out!
You should, it is worth a look! \ It's a Mario-type game, isn't it?
I wish my neighbors were more considerate. They woke me up at 4am recently. \ Wow did youcall someone about that?
No point. Their smoke alarm went off and management don't care anyway. \ Wow, that sucks, that is why I wanna live all alone!
Lebron should have never signed with LA.  His home is here with us, his biggest fans since he was a kid, and his family. \ Lebron is preparing for life after basketball therefore he picked LA, he achieved what he wanted 
He is taking away from his legendary status by switching back and forth between teams. \ He doesn't have anything else to prove to anyone
My kids are pretty awesome \ Mine too.  How many do you have?
a 1 yr old and 12 \ awww, a 1 year old.  I miss when my daughter was that young.
I accidentally bumped into a guy at the mall and he dropped his phone and the screen cracked.  I felt really bad. \ maybe he was not watching where HE was going
Maybe not, I know he was looking at his phone.  He was really upset, though and was yelling at me.  Luckily he had insurance on it, but I still felt bad. \ at least he didnt hit you
neighbor cat is nasty \ Thaqt is too bad.  I like cats, but not the mean ones, only the sweet ones.  What does the cat do that is so bad?
not this one \ Yeah, I wonder what has made it so mean.
Hi, I do not have any friends in my new city. \ hi, that's sad. have you tried looking for facebook events? like local events. i bet you can meet people there
I have but no one wants to meet me. I sit in my room by myself on weekends. \ You can always talk to me. i'm here for you
my friend came over yea=sterday and we were sitting on the couch chit chatting and when i got up i accidentally farted. so embarrasing \ Oh my, did they notice you farted?
she did, she didn't say anything but i know she heard it \ Must have rather awkward. Remember, farting is just natural and I am sure she understands that.
Hi, i promised myself I would never drink again but I drank yesterday. \ It is a interesting and relaxing way to end a evening. Ive been there before.
I feel really bad about it though.  \ Sorry to hear that.All we can do is learn from it,really.
I have been having bad Anxiety for months. I cante seem to get a to stop. \ I see, have you tried yoga and meditation? 
Nope.But have been practicing breathing and muscle relaxation \ Keep a positive mindset and your anxieties will be relieved! 
Hi, my dog urinated on my work documents yesterday. \ Oh my gosh, how terrible. Did you have them saved on your computer?
No I typed them out on a typewriter, I shouted at my dog for his behavior. \ I guess you had to redo it all again?
I was having my second baby and my friends threw me a baby shower without me knowing. \ Oh my, you must have very surprised! 
Yes, I was not expecting it at all. They invited us over to hang out. \ It must have been an enjoyable day. You have nice friends!
My finances are not the greatest lately and I've been so worried. I haven't been sleeping due to stressing about this situation. \ I am sorry to hear that, I hope things turn around for you soon!
Thank you! I'm working through it and I have come up with several solutions to this debt problem. \ I am glad to hear that, I hope they work out for you!
I ate my coworkers food recently, I feel bad but they left it there for awhile \ HaHa What kind of food did they leave for you? Did you say anything to them?
I ate their wings and so it was kinda hard to hide because my fingers were orange.... whoops \ LOL It really shouldn't be funny but for some reason you are making me laugh! I guess that will teach them to leave their lunch sitting around! haha
Hi I was on the train yesterday and accidentally farted in front of a pretty girl \ That is terrible, is it someone you like? or did you not even know her?  I don't know which is worse.
No she was a stranger, She covered her nose and I got super red-faced. \ Can you laugh about it now that you look back at it, or has not enough time passed yet?
I heard someone bumping around the downstairs of my house last night after I had gone to bed and it scared me half to death. \ Oh my, did you find out who it was?
Yes, I grabbed a baseball bat and went down the stairs, but it was just my dog knocking over the trash can. \ You must have been quite relived that it was just your dog!
I lost my job a couple of months ago and yesterday i finally got a full time job!! such a relive \ That is a relief Ive been in a similiar situation.  I know its hard to bring yourself out of a hole, I can barely see the light at the end of the tunnell
i'm so glad you understand me! we were struggling financially \ Im struggling myself, with 5 kids and 1 big kid (my husband) I feel like I should just buy a farm to be able to keep up. LOL
I hate to let people into my personal life but I got into an argument with my husband last night.  It was aweful.  I felt so small. \ i'm sorry to hear that. i hate when my wife and i argue. are you feeling any better? did you have a chance to talk to your husband after that?
He woke this morning not saying anything, but I know its got to be on his mind.  Mostly we just keep to ourselves until one of us speaks about something off the conversation then we slowly ease back into being the same.  Im feeling a little better.  I know he doesnt mean the things he says. \ i hope everything will go back to normal asap and i hope he will apologize for making you feel small
Hi, I lost a bet with friend and had to live in a haunted house for a month! \ Holy cow, why did you take that bet?
Because a lot of money was on the line. I was terrified for one month! \ What was the bet about?
I am happy to have my girlfriend of almost 3 years, she is amazing! \ Good for you, healthy relationships are the best part about life!
That is for sure, it feels great to have someone on your side all the time \ I agree, going through life alone would be boring!
my body is great i worked hard towards it \ That is awesome, I am trying my best these days
its rock hard \ That is good, that takes a lot of work!
Before I met my girlfriend and friends I was very lonely, that was not a fun time \ did you drink a lot back then >:
I have never been an alcoholic, but I never drank that much \ i am glad you are in a better place now
My girlfriend went on a week trip with her friends, and left me alone to fend for myself. \ I am sorry, how have you been passing the time
Mostly been playing video games, but it's so boring without her. \ I love video games, you should buy a switch!
I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends \ That's awesome! It sounds like your life is going pretty smoothly :) Any big plans?
Not anything huge, just saving to move out right now \ Oh awesome! Did you buy a house?
Hello ... I give thanks for the good things and the things that do not, the good things make me feel good and the satisfaction and the bad things are internal growth \ that is a very optimistic way to look at life . i should actually look at life that way too instead of getting overwhelmed when things do not go my way
For me it was a hard learning ... but after many blows ... I assimilated it \ how long have you looked at life this way? is it sustainable ?
for a year ... you assimilate it when you realize that you are responsible ... neither the people nor the circumstances are responsible \ this is completely true. it involves totally re conditioning the mind .
condition the mind and spirit \ i would totally attempt it 
yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining.it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store ". \ When you feel rain ... sometimes you feel its magic ... ask the children
i agree . but i think that will only work if i willingly go under the rain.  \ you're right ... then the umbrella always at hand
it was just unfortunate that i did not check the weather before going out \ of everything, there is always something to learn
this is very true . for sure i will always check before stepping out \ good luck with your learning
I felt confident when I finished my job interview for my current job \ did y0u get it ?
I did, and I like the job a lot too \ awesome does it pay well ?
i always stole my moms money when i wasyounger \ How young were you?
12 \ That is not bad then, that is being a kid
I am happy right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends \ sounds like your life is perfect. that's amazing. i'm happy for you
Thank you, I appreciate that! \ where do you work?
my son took his first steps yesterday. he is not a baby anymore! that made me cry happy tears \ That is amazing, that is a huge life event!
it is. i feel like he was just born and now look at him walking all by himself \ That is crazy how time flies like that! Next thing you know he will have a girlfriend
I get sentimental about my brothers, they are very important to me \ Blood is blood.
That is true, it is thicker than water \ That is correct. It painful to see your loved ones been hurt
I was so full with joy \ Why is that?
Getting a good after some time of searching and interviewing around \ Wow, congrats, I know that is not a fun process at all, so great job!
I am hopeful that my new degree will help me get a better paying job \ Indeed. That is the whole purpose of getting a degree and education. Isn't it?
I suppose so, it will be great to see it pay off though \ Well, it can also depend of your communication skills and how you can entice employers
I have received an e-mail response from a company inviting me for an interview. I am so thrilled for hearing back from them \ That is great, is it far from home?
It is only 10 miles driving. I hope I can just go and nail the whole interview, leaving the whole crew impressed with my skills \ That is not bad at all, best of luck with that!
I beat my classmate in a school election, even though she was way more popular \ omg congratulations! Thats a great achievement and must give you so much pride and motication for the future
Thank you, I appreciate it! \ All the best for your future and your role aswell! 
I couldnt celebrate my 18th birthday as I had exams during the time and I felt terrible for it. But my friends threw a surprise party for me and it was the best!  \ That's great! How did they surprise you?
I was studying in my bedroom for a couple of hours straight with headphones on and then my mom called me to the living room for dinner and when I went out the whole place was decorated and everyone was there \ That is so sweet of them, I hope you enjoyed it!
I am happy right now, I have a girlfriend, friends and a good job \ That is a lot to be thankful for!  You must be feeling really good!
I sure am, life is good at the moment \ That is a great place to be.  Count your blessings!
I was digging through my parents attic yesterday and found my old Nintendo system! That sure brought back some good memories! \ Really
I was so happy just seeing it and remembered all the good times I had playing it with my friends growing up. \ Which system was it? My message got cut short, but I love nintendo, the switch is amazing!
I felt confident when I killed my job interview recently \ i bet you did and i'm sure you got the job
I did, and i really enjoy my current job! \ what do you do
i am so excited going to belize in dec on a cruise \ How far away is that? I have never heard of it!
the carribean \ Oh, that should be awesome, have a great time!
Hey my girlfriend of 5 years dumped me last week. \ Oh man, so sorry dude. Hope your coping.
Thanks, I am trying. I am just very upset \ Why did she break up with you? Was it a long term relationship? 
Looking back at my younger days, things seem a lot more freer then. \ I agree, I often reminisce about my childhood. 
I guess I'm in a midlife crisis now and looking back to when I was more happier and realised it was when I was younger. \ You just have to stay positive dude, happiness is a relative concept.
i think its an audi but my neighbor has an expensive car \ Audis are nice cars. What color is it? Does it look newer?
Its a blue R8 \ Oh, nice. Do you have a car?
I am starting to help my cousin out in his garage. It's hard for him to find time to show me secretarial type things, so I've just jumped in and been doing it. I'm doing pretty well so far. \ that is very thoughtful of you
It's a family business. Our papaw started this garage in the 50s and it's the highest rated one in this city, so we stay busy. It's my dream to be a part of it.  \ you are very ambitious
Hello friend, I am feeling very nervous! \ about what may I ask?
well you know we are going on a trip soon but we have to rely on someone else for our transportation, so I am nervous about trusting that person to not leave us hanging. \ Is the person someone you know well, a long time friend, a family member?
My brother, but he is not very trustworthy. Guess I am just very nervous about the whole thing \ I would talk to your brother and let him know how concerned you are and ask him for reassurance 
I lost my mother to breast cancer several years ago and I am still grieving the loss. \ I am so very sorry. Have you had time to talk about it
yes, I talk about it but it really does not help much. I pray a lot and that gives me some comfort  \ that's good prayer can comfort, maybe you should talk to your pastor
My birthday was a few days ago and my friends planned a party for me. I had no idea! \ That's so nice of them! Was it a surprise party?
Indeed it was! I haven't had one since I was a kid \ Hahaha We take those things for granted! Happy belated birthday!
I had plans to move from Florida to California, but I'm starting to get cold feet... \ Ooh, that's a big jump. I was considering the same thing, but I' one state above :)
Ohh! Did you change your mind? I'm trying to convince myself that it's going to be better for me to make the move. \ I put it on hold until I fly up there this year to check things out. It's quite a big decision, and I would recommend going there for a while just to see what it's like
I was prepared for Irma last year but it caught my neighborhood by surprise \ I can imagine it caught many people off guard.  I hope everyone came out ok in the end.
yes just minor damage \ That's good.  The only thing that matters in the end is our lives and health.
I am finally getting paid enough at work to start saving for my retirement. My future is finally looking good! \ its never too late
That is quite true.  I hope most people realize that. \ i for one have not start saving yet
today I think today is a day to learn, to hug, to smile, to make someone happy \ Yes, realistically I wish it were possible to do that everyday but general stresses of life get in the way 
that's right ... but I dedicate an hour to do that, to my children I kiss them, my neighbor smiled at him and from life I try to learn something \ Maybe thats a good idea, to try and set aside a small amount of time a day to do it instead of trying to do it all the time along with everything else going on. Good idea!
I was driving on the freeway the other day and there was a car ahead of me that was swerving bad. This really bugs me but I had no where to go on the road other then to slow down and fall back to get away from that car. \ According to my knowledge and understanding, I believe that you did something really prudent
Thank you. I really couldnt get too far away from the car but fortunately after several minutes of this we passed a state trooper who then pulled them over. I really wish people didnt drive so dangerously.  \ Moderation in driving is important to avoid dangerous situations
I thought I would beat my brother at all the sports games on Nintendo Wii...until he kicked my butt at boxing, soccer, tennis, and volleyball. I hadn't expected that \ oh my that must be embarresing
It was for a little bit.  But then we switched to Gamecube and I kicked his butt at Super Smash Bros \ well that sounds more pleasant
My local deli never has any corona light beers \ Is that your brewski of choice
yes it makes me feel nice and not too tipsy \ Always been a fan of Corona though lately I've been chugging Hurricanes and Keystones
I let my daughter, who just got her driver's license, take my brand new sports car to work today. \ oh, i bet you are nervous. I'm sure she will be okay but i would be so nervus
Nah, she is actually a pretty good driver.  I am confident that she will take care of it today. \ That's great! i see you trust her so much, you have wonderful relationship with her
I'm so lonely. I mean... i have no friends, no husband, no kids. i wish i had at least somebody in my life \ Do you have any hobbies that may help you to meet people?
not really. i love playing video games and watch tv. i'm socially awkward \ Same here.  Try to take advantage of your gaming and be more outgoing during gametime.
I went to florida one time and saw a childhood friend there, that was a surprise! \ You are right.Florida is a big state with lot's of people.
It sure is, what are the odds... \ The odds must be astronomical, almost like winning the lottery.
I am surprised England Lost to Croatia on the World Cup.I tought they were gonna win easily  \ I am shocked too, Croatia only has 4 millio people
Did you watched the game? The Croatians were warriors out there. \ Yeaah they really were, number 12 killed it with that goal 
Hello, yesterday was my birthday and my wife completely forgot! \ It's alright maybe it's a working day and she has a surprise for you on saturday
Yea maybe, but I am still upset. She did not even wish my happy birthday! \ Did you check everywhere in the room? maybe she has a surprise  gift hidden somewhere for you to find out
I think I didn't pay the cab driver and he told me he need the money so badly. I feel so bad, what do I do? \ I think you should call the cab company and try to locate the driver!
He works for himself not with a compapny :(  I think the only way is to pray for him. I am willing to give him triple the amount if i can see him \ Yes I will pray as well. But try not to let it bite your conscience. 
I am anxious about moving, I have lived in this house almost my whole life \ but that's so exciting! you will have so many good moments in your new house
I hope so, but my known life is still here \ I understand. is your new house far from the old one?
i found a dead bug in the kitchen today, it looked so nasty! makes me wanna burn the whole house \ I understand that, I hate bugs, even alive ones
me too! I know they won't hurt me but for some reason i'm terrified of them \ I get that, I am the same way
I get sentimental about my brothers, they are very important to me \ That is very sweet. I assume you guys are close.
Very much, we do everything together pretty much \ That is great that you have that kind of relationship.
Last week we had a huge storm. A tornado blew through the neighborhood with barely enough time to take cover. \ Was your house okay?
We had some damage, but we were all safe. Luckily I had already cleared a safe space in the basement with all the supplies we would need. \ Good, being safe is all you can ask for!
I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon \ My boyfriend just bought a Nintendo Switch last week. It was expensive!
That is a great choice, I love mine so so much \ I will have to ask him about the Super Smash Bro's game. Most likely he's looking forward to it as well!
I found a lost kitten and I took it to my house and cleaned it up and adopted it. \ He was dirty and I had to bathe him very thoroughly.
I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends,5|5|5_4|5|3,
hit:1894_conv:3788,2,joyful,I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends,271,i am so happy for you,5|5|5_4|5|3,
hit:1894_conv:3788,3,joyful,I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends,10,Thank you, I appreciate that!,5|5|5_4|5|3,
hit:1894_conv:3788,4,joyful,I am content right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends,271,do well my friend,5|5|5_4|5|3,
hit:1894_conv:3789,1,disappointed,i did not get the house i wanted, someone outbid me,271,someone outbid me on the house i wanted,4|5|3_5|5|5,
hit:1894_conv:3789,2,disappointed,i did not get the house i wanted, someone outbid me,10,By how much?,4|5|3_5|5|5,
hit:1894_conv:3789,3,disappointed,i did not get the house i wanted, someone outbid me,271,4500, it was not worth the extra for me,4|5|3_5|5|5,
hit:1894_conv:3789,4,disappointed,i did not get the house i wanted, someone outbid me,10,I get that, that is a lot of money,4|5|3_5|5|5,
hit:1895_conv:3790,1,caring,My friend ran away from her adopted parents. i'm so worried about her,52,my friend ran away from her adopted parents. she told me nobody ever knew that they were very abusive. i feel so bad for her, i wanna help her but i don't know how,5|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1895_conv:3790,2,caring,My friend ran away from her adopted parents. i'm so worried about her,99,Oh that is such a tragic thing to hear. I'm so sorry. Where did she go when she ran away?,5|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1895_conv:3790,3,caring,My friend ran away from her adopted parents. i'm so worried about her,52,she went to a different state, i know she lives with her friend right now, so at least she is safe,5|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1895_conv:3790,4,caring,My friend ran away from her adopted parents. i'm so worried about her,99,I am thankful for that! I'm glad she got out, I hope her future becomes bright.,5|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1895_conv:3791,1,prepared,I recently studied for a big exam at college. Because of my hard work, I was able to pass with flying colors!,99,I recently studied for a big exam at college. Because of my hard work, I was able to pass with flying colors!,5|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1895_conv:3791,2,prepared,I recently studied for a big exam at college. Because of my hard work, I was able to pass with flying colors!,52,awesome! Congrats! You make me feel so proud for you,5|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1895_conv:3791,3,prepared,I recently studied for a big exam at college. Because of my hard work, I was able to pass with flying colors!,99,Aww thanks! I am hoping to get my degree within the next 2 years!,5|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1895_conv:3791,4,prepared,I recently studied for a big exam at college. Because of my hard work, I was able to pass with flying colors!,52,I'm sure you will, you sound like a very motivated and determined person,5|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1896_conv:3792,1,grateful,I am grateful for my family, they mean the world to me,10,I am grateful for my family, they mean the world to me \ Blood's thicker than water, whether you like it or not
That is true, I appreciate them for sure though \ tell me why
My friend's usually pretty good at holding liquor down and makes fun of me when I get tipsy off one mixed drink...but she's a lightweight when it comes to beer which is pretty unexpected..and I always have the last laugh \ That sounds fun though, I am a lightweight, after about 5 drinks I am about out of it
haha nice...what do you usually sip on \ I like Vodka, but mixed with stuff to kill the taste, I hate beer though, it is nasty to me
My sister talked me into going on a wild new roller coaster. I hate roller coasters! \ you should go
Oh I did! And it was just as bad as I imagined. I almost got sick. \ it could have been worse you know
The warrirors are so good, they won their second ring in a row \ That is great! I bet they are thrilled! Is that you favorite team?
no not really , i just admire their talent \ They are pretty talented.
My wife has been out of the country for almost 2 months.  I can't wait to go pick her up at the airport! \ You must be ver
I'm assuming you got cut off somehow :P  I'm very happy she's coming back. \ *very excited.  (oops).  Where did she go?
I am all alone as well.  Everyone is gone for their summer vacations. \ That sucks.  It's the same for me, only it's because we recently moved and I don't know anyone outside of work yet.
Wife and kids went to see family and my friends went hunting without me. \ Ouch.  Were you too busy to go with them?
I get sentimental about my brothers, they are very important to me \ are they alive or gone ?
they are here, hopefully for my whole life \ yes they will believe in it
Robin williams was my hero i am so sad he's gone \ I know that was the case for many, I am sorry that impacted you 
i use to follow him since i was a kid \ Many people did, he was a likeable fellow!
My parents let me live in their house for free, I am realy thankful \ I feel that man, Parents like that care for their family a lot.
Yeaaah, I know a lot of people who struggle with bills.  \ I am in that boat at times where i live.
I remember a time i got my first retail job. Was scared about the interview but after just taking a deep breath. I just felt like i owned the place. \ I know that feeling, good for you!
You ever just get those moment where you shake it off and the confident feeling flows in. \ Yes, those are awesome feelings, I crave that all the time
Hi, I broke a statuette offered by grandmother to my sister. It was a very important object for my sister. \ Is it not better you replace it with same type of statuette,at a grocery store?
No, it is not possible. It is old statuette given by the mother of my grandmother. \ The mother of your grand mother ,that means your great grand mother ! Well you can search through her archives
I could not tolerate the waiters insensitivity,that's poor service indeed! \ What happened?
Imagine ,I requested a French fries ,but was served burger instead! \ It is very bad service. What did you do? Did you complain to the manager?
Once I was at summer camp minding my own business when someone ran up behind me and pulled my pants down. I was humiliated. \ That has happened to me,kids are brutal
I know, it is hard growing up, and I think it's even harder nowadays. \ That is for sure, with online bullying existing now too
Before I met my girlfriend and friends I was very lonely, that was not a fun time \ That makes me sad to hear.  Do you have lot's of friends now?
Not a lot but I have a good group of a few friends, so that is nice \ I think it is better to a few really good friends than a lot of acquaintances.
I am grateful for my life right now, I have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends \ Glad you're doing well
thank you, I appreicate it \ What are three traits that got you to where you are now
Sometimes I'm ashamed to be a Millenial because honestly I can't stand 70% of people in my generation..they just make me sick \ Nice talking to ya
I was susprised when Nintendo announced the new super smash bros a few months ago \ I love nintendo and that series
Me too, especially pokemon \ what system do you have
My dad had a lot of alcohol and i stole some from him \ How old were you?
22 \ Ah okay, that makes sense, at least it was sort of legal!
I was running late for work last week and evidently did not finish getting dressed. \ oh my thats pretty funny
Yeah after I noticed everyone giving me weird looks, I saw that I still had my pajama pants on. \ hahaha you are funny
I always stole my dad liquor when i was younger \ Oh wow that was brave. Did you get caught?
No but i got drunk many times in the bushes behind my house  \ That was pretty risky. Did you get sick?
i've watched a lunar eclipse the other day. i didn't expect it to look that awesome \ I saw one for the first time ever too! Where did you see it at?
Russia, i travelled there for business and it looked amazing!! what about you? \ I was in the US when I saw it thought it has been a while since it happened.
I couldn't sleep on Christmas eve. I was ready to see my daughter's face when she woke up in the morning. \ i bet she was so excited!! Did she love her presents?
Yeah she did, but I guess I was looking forward to it more than she was. \ that was me last christmas lol my son was only 9 months old but i bought so many presents and i was so excited to see his reaction
I recently got in trouble for missing a lot of work. My supervisor had a talk with me and has decided to give me another chance to improve. \ Well that's good news.
Yes I was appreciative of him doing that for me for sure. \ What kind of work do you do
I'm pretty self-assured in my capabilities.  But sometimes I fear the worst for the majority of my generation who would have no idea how to raise a family, profit from their own sweat and hard work, have an organic conversation, or let alone survive a World War 3. \ Well you shouldn't fear things we have no control over anyway. I'm sorry you feel anxiety over this.
Haha I don't consciously stress over it.  I was prompted to.  I just feel like Millenials should raise the bar in life a little bit.  \ I guess I can agree with that. I don't like it when people criticize millenialls too much though. Baby boomers didn't do that great either.
I am so pissed off at my co-worker \ Why?  What happened??
He got the promotion I had my eye on. \ That stinks.  Are there any other possibilities for advancement coming up?
I found some of my kids artwork from when they were little and it made me miss having them around all the time. \ I know the feeling.I miss my 2 boys also
It is hard when they move away. \ I imagine, but i am sure the family will be reunited soon.
I am so thrilled to be able to go on a short but long overdue vacation \ where are you going
A short weekend trip to the ozarks for a float trip on spring fed white water.  \ that sounds like fun, where in the ozakrs?
These people would hit your car and not even leave a not and say sorry or leave their insurance info \ Why do you think people would be that irresponsible? 
because they are losers \ Not all people would be that way, and I think for the most part most people would take responsibility for their actions. 
My dog decided to chew more than a few pieces of furniture while I was at work :( \ Uh oh. Did he ruin some furniture?
Yup. I have to replace many items since he chewed them to bits. Crazy dog. \ That is too bad. I bet you were not happy.
My brother is so spoiled! My parents get him the coolest birthday presents! \ My brother did too! He's the oldest so he got all the good stuff :(
All I ever get is a card. The obviously like him better. \ Aw :( I bet other people appreciate you a lot!
I was planning my wedding and trying to get a caterer.  The one we were looking at was completely ignoring every time my wife tried to communicate with them, to the point where I told them off and went with someone else. \ Sounds like you made the right decision.  What a bunch of A-holes
Yeah, it was weird, the caterer was a woman so I can't imagine it was like a sexism thing, but she responded to me almost instantly every time. \ Hm maybe she liked you ha
I've got thick skin and can trade crass, classless, and politically disturbing jokes all day...but if someone insults my family with malice I go livid and deny all responsibility for whatever happens next \ I hear you.  Jokes are one thing, family is another.
A name carries honor and I'm willing to kill for it \ I dunno if I'd go quite that far, but you do you :P
I love a good surprise like anyone else; however, when my girlfriend waited until 8 pm on my birthday to tell me happy birthday and give me a present, I was caught off guard. I thought she had forgot.  \ Maybe she did and remembered last minute. You should ask her!
She remembered but was trying to draw it out to make me think that she had forgot. I should have known because I made her wait until 10 pm on her birthday. \ Next year I would just forget her birthday all together!
I work two full time jobs and he stays at home all day, Not Fair! \ Is he a stay at home father, or does he just not want to work?
He's 20 he just wants to party and sleep. \ I am sorry to hear that. Maybe as he gets older he will get his priorities in order and see how hard you work.
My power went out for 3 days last month, but I had gone out and gotten a generator right before. \ I bet you were glad you made that purchase!
I couldn't have been happier.  I am normally not the type to plan in advance, but this time it really worked out for me. \ That was very lucky timing.
I am so sick of being late for school everyday. It is all because of my sister! \ It is so frustrating when someone else's issues affect your life.  What does she do to make you late?
She takes forever getting ready! I would rather take the bus. \ That might be a good solution for you.  Let her catch all the flack for her tardiness.
My supervisor belittled me in front of all of my coworkers in a meeting. \ That is absolutely horrible! Was this recent?
Yes it was. I was furious and hurt. Leaders should not do that to their employees. \ I agree. You should bring that up to HR. 
I really like my job. I'm worried that I will lose it. \ Oh no. Why are you worried to lose it?
I don't have as much work to do as in the past and no one needs help with anything. \ Oh no.. That is a bit scary. I wish the best for you!
Thanks! I hope more work will come soon. Are you doing well?  \ I am, thank you for asking!
I had to speak at a meeting at work and spent a week drafting up my speech. Because of this I performed well. \ Seems like this speech was very important to you, why?
Because it was a speech to our client about why they should stay with us.  \ Ah-ah, than it makes a lot of sense.
I ordered a pizza today, but it really wasn't a pleasant experience. \ Oh no, why not?!
The guy that took my order was rude, but I understand, most people can't control themselves... \ They really can't. It's still no excuse though.
I can't believe my friend wouldn't answer her phone when I waited over an hour for her to pick me up! \ Oh that sucks...did she explain herself yet
No, she just completely blew me off. I found out she was out on a date instead and didn't tell me. \ Sounds like you need a new friend or your own car...or both lol
I'm looking to get my EP out on iTunes by mid-September...I'm sure people will like it, fingers crossed hoping I get some good exposure \ That's awesome! Are you excited?
Yes very. Sitting on about 7 songs now and lyrics just come to me every day \ How long did it take you to make it?
I got a free pizza from Domino's but felt bad about how it happened. \ Free pizza is good! How did you get it?
The pizza took forever to get delivered so I asked if it was free.  The delivery girl, who was brand new, didn't know so she just didn't charge me. \ That is awesome!
My daughter was sick the other day and I couldn't afford to miss work.  \ That's an unfortunate predicament to be in.  What did you end up doing?
I sent her to daycare even though I probably shouldn't have. I would get fired if I stayed home though. \ That's a tough decision for sure, but you definitely can't get fired for something like that, and kids are exposed to germs all the time.
I was recently looking through old pictures and it made me feel weird. Like a longing for the past. \ I get nostalgia all the time.  Were they family pictures
Yes, and pictures of old friends.  \ Cool.  Do you still keep in touch with those friends
Back then I was a big chicken and couldn't approach women, let alone get numbers.  But I discovered that the easiest way to overcome that irrational fear is to level with them like a friend, instead of seeing them as a prize to be won / objectified. \ That is a good approach! Has it been successful?
Very \ That is great to hear! I am happy for you!
My best friend called me up crying the other day. Her boyfriend is cheating on her. \ its really more disapponted and hurts a lot.
Yes it definitely does. I feel for her. \ dont feel everything goes good 
how was your day? \ It was fine how about you?
yeah good. whats your name? \ I'm not sure I feel comfortable telling you as we just met.
hello how was your day? \ My day was great so far!  How about you?
yeah fine great day \ That is good to hear!  I'm am sure you are grateful to experience such a good day!
I was watching Back to the Future yesterday with my family. Man, it brought back some good memories of growing up in the 80's. \ yeah that good 
It was a great feeling to think about my old friends and our shared experiences!  We loved these types of movies! \ iam always happy to think about it. my childhood memory was a great part of our life
I booked a vacation next week! I'm looking forward to going \ Nice! Where at
Orlando! I haven't been there for many years \ Cool traveling what are your plans so far
Even though I'm no longer Catholic I still put my faith in a Supreme, Higher Power because with all the dumb choices I've made in life it's a miracle I'm still here. \ Ah, I've made plenty of dumb choices in my life too. Honestly, I think it's part of being young
Yes well I'm glad I got it out of my system \ That's good :) But you are the wiser for it
It was miraculous that Philadelphia beat out New England in the Super Bowl! \ I know. The game was full of intrigue. They truly deserved the win
I am now a huge Carson Wentz fan! \ You should definitely get a tattoo of his name on your chest
Last week, my partner's mom passed away. It was truly hard for her to comprehend all the mixed feelings at that moment \ I am so sorry to hear that.  Losing a loved one is definitely one of the hardest things in life.
I know. I wish I could help my partner, but i think time is the only heal to emotional wounds \ Maybe they just need some time to let the emotions settle a bit.
I feel lonely sometimes cause I live in a house with 5 girls and all of them have boyfriends and sometimes they are all hanging out with their significant others and I feel lonely \ Awww, That sucks man. Hopefully they don't say mean things to you about being lonely.
Sometimes they joke about it and obviously I make it look like its totally fine cause I dont want to give them the impression that I am lonely but it does hurt sometimes \ Well i used to be lonely a lot but i eventually found someone. I think you will too.
So i felt bad once because i broke my parents fax machine. What made me feel bad even more he got angry. \ well he did have a right to be angry (depending on how you broke it ofc)
Yeah he did but i felt bad cause he threw the fax machine into the kitchen. This was a heavy machine by the way. \ oh darn thats just abit rude and unnecessary. I hope everything is ok now 
Hi, at march break I went to Disney World with my family. \ sounds fun how long were you there
We were there for a week.  A lot of the roller coasters made me nervous though. \ aw what was your favorite things to do while there
okay so back in may of last year I graduated college \ Congratulations.  What did you get your degree in?
i majored in business management it i've always been into running a business or entrepreneur  \ Good luck with any future business ventures.
My grandmother died when I was 10 and I was devastated. \ I am very sorry for your loss.
Thank you.  It was a long time ago but I still think about her a lot.  She had a big impact on my life. \ A loss is never easy especially one in the family.
I felt great after winning a video game tournament. \ That is so cool, what kind of video game was it?
It was a fighting game for the Gamecube. \ That is so amazing.  Are you a professional gamer? 
I am. I wish there were more tournaments though. \ I wish I was that good at gaming.  What a fun way to make a living!
I wore wrong pair of socks to the college. But, no was there to spot it. But, when we have to go in for a church we have to first remove the shoes. At, that time friend of mine spotted with with wrong pair of shoes. They made a fun of me. That was very awkward situation. \ Oh that sucks :( Maybe organize the socks better?
My room was messy as there was a party last night in my house and friends were enjoying in whole house. That is the reason. \ Ah. Well, chalk it up to one of those funny but awkward moments of life then!
My sister graduated college and I'm really proud of her!  \ that is a great news, congratulate him from my side too. what is the major?
Her major was marketing so she's going into the business world. She's had a rough journey. \ If the journey is tough then you are in the right path. So, she is heading in right way. Great.
 I just had the most amazing lunch ever. I am so thankful to have cooking skills.  \ Nice! What did you whip up today
I made a nice juicy steak with a twice baked loaded potatoe and a fresh lime side salad.  \ I LOVE steak..just had some steak, brisket and fajitas yesterday
My old elementary school principal saved me from drowning when I was in 1st grade.  I'm eternally thankful for her and hope she's doing well wherever she is now \ thats an amazing memory to have, have you since visited her or sent her a card? 
That's a great idea but I don't know where she lives \ I would call the school and see if they can disclose that or maybe they can accept the card from you to give to her! 
I had been studying so hard for a test and was very confident going in. \ How did it go?
I did not pass. It was horrible! \ Oh no!  I'm so sorry!  I hope you could pull your grade up!
I went for a job interview, and it seemed to go pretty well. \ That's great! When will you find out?
It should be a couple weeks, assuming they go at the pace they said they would. \ Good luck! I hope you get it.
I enjoy going to my Grandmother's house and helping out with chores and cleaning. If feels so good to help her out and make her comfortable. \ What a nice person you are! I bet she appreciates you
I hope so.  I feel a strong sense of obligation to her since she was always there for me growing up.  Do it is the least I could do for her. \ You have a good set of morals. That's becoming more uncommon lately. So, good on you!
My brother moved to California a few days ago. It was stressful for him, but he's always been good at thinking things through \ I am sure the stress will be worth it in the end.  Just keep encouraging him!
I will! I bet he will make lots of friends too. He's very outgoing and approachable \ Those are good traits to have.  Good for him!
It is my wish to not live from paycheck to paycheck \ It is a great desire that you can achieve, just rely on your abilities to independently do what you know.
You are right \ I wish you can achieve success in your projects.
I think all my colleagues understood my ideas very well \ Did you present?
I made a successful presentation in my work. \ That is great!
I have lived by myself for the past 10 years. It was always just me and my dog. \ Is it something you enjoy? 
Well, my dog just passed away so now it's just me. I am having a hard time getting used to it. \ I know we are all different but maybe getting another puppy would help? 
My car caught on fire! It was crazy and left me feeling unexplainable.  \ Oh that is so scary! I bet you were terrified!
i was in complete shock \ Were you unharmed though?
My neighbor is the worst! He has a dog that he just keeps chained up in the backyard, and he rarely feeds it. Last week I saw it and he looks anorexic. \ That's terrible.  Someone should call animal control on them.
I know, what kind of human being would do that to a poor dog! I'm going to call animal control soon. \ I hope they do something to help that poor puppy.
I moved far away from my hometown for the first time so my wife could go to grad school.  It's hard to be away from my friends. \ I know how it feels to be homesick, but you have to put your wife first.
Yeah, definitely, that's why I went ahead with the move.  I'm just not very good at meeting people, so it can be tough. \ You and your wife should go out to events and try to meet new people.
I used to scare girls away by being overly enthusiastic. it's funny how now that I'm a more apathetic person girls find me attractive. Human beings are weird \ Lol , I think my son has done that , he use to embrasse me when I would go to the store when he was little by crying a lot 
Interesting...so as a mother do you get embarrassed if your son is too clingy in public? \ No any more he is a lot older and does pretty good on his own , but the thing is he is always close by if we in the store together .Yes I do believe that the human are weird 
He was bad about this because of his grandparents they would always get him something and it made it hard for me to make him understand you done always get what you want  \ I'm guessing you're talking about your son?
Yes , when he was about 3 or 4 they would take care of him when I work nights , they were always buying something for him .I tried my best to tell them not to it just makes it hard on me to explain to him why I won't buy him toys . \ Parenting is hard, respect to you and your patience
I have a met with an accident once. one gentlemen saved my life \ I am glad to hear that, did you repay him?
Yeah i did. I have visited him once i was up and running. He was so chuffed see me breathing \ That is good to hear, I am glad it worked out well instead of a disaster
I was angry when my brother ruined the result of a football game. I recorded it to watch later \ sibling fights worth living for.. I wish  i had one.
I am glad I do, I just wish they could shutup sometimes haha \ you would know better hehe!!
 I told my neighbor multiple times to stop their dog from barking. They leave it outside the entire day and most of the night!  \ That is awful! I hate people who leave their dogs out all day. That's no life for a dog to live at all.
Seriously! Tell me about it.. im not mad at the dog im mad at them! poor thing. even in the rain! \ That is terrible. I don't know why people like that bother getting a pet. 
My daughter said mommy for the first time the other day!  \ that is so beautiful! how old is she? 
She is 2. My heart was beaming I was so happy! \ i bet it was omg thats so adorable 
My kids daycare was on lock-down the other day because of a shooting nearby! I was terrified! \ that is so scary.... you must have been terrified your baby too! How are you doing today? 
I am better now since it is over.  I had never felt quite like that before. \ I cant even begin to imagine honestly im sorry you had to experience that 
 My job laid me off during my maternity leave.  \ That is horrible!  How could they justify doing that?  You must have been disgusted with them!
I am honestly, and just so scary not knowing how you will support your newborn child. It was a nightmare.  \ I can imagine.  I hope it all works out for the best and that you are able to come away from this as a stronger person.
My sister just got a huge promotion and her husband bought her a new house. \ Congrats.  They must be excited.
Eh, I don't care. I'm bitter about it \ I am sorry to hear that.   Why are you upset about this?
I had to sit with a dying dog at the rescue today.   It was sad but I felt like he deserved to be loved on before he passed away \ That is terribly sad. I volunteer at our local shelter. I just love dogs.
Yeah its hard, but its worth it.  The next week I met another neglected dog that looked like my childhood dog.  He now has an amazing home.   \ That is so happy to hear! It's the nice things like that that make it worth it to volunteer.
I took my wife to the airport for her trip out of the country for 2 months.  I felt really bad on the way home. \ Ohh man, that is a long time to be alone.  What are you going to do while she is gone?
Mostly work and hang out with the dogs.  We just moved recently and I don't really know anyone outside of work. \ I'm sorry.  Where did she go?
My brother got to argue a legal case in front of the supreme court. I was very proud. \ Wow, I bet that was a really big deal!  What was it about?
It had to do with an injury and who was at fault, and if a big company should be held responsible.  It was a very big deal for him. \ I hope he did well.
I am astonish by Trump \ I think a lot of people are.  What in particular astonishes you?
His unpredictability.Every day is a new surprise. \ Yes, he's definitely unpredictable and capricious.  Is there anything about him you do like?
I almost got in a fight in a drive-thru lineup. \ What happened? Did someone bump on your car?
No, the person cut in front of some other people.  I confronted him about it and we got into a shouting match. \ Be carefull , you don't know the cray people that is out there.
My first time watching "The Sixth Sense" was when I was 10-years-old and I was nervous before going to bed or being in the bathroom with no lights...because I thought the poisoned girl with the puke mouth would pop out somewhere \ Oh wow that must have kept you awake for a while!
Yup sweatin bullets haha \ She scared me too, I hope you're not scarred for life!
I found some pictures of me when I was a teenager with some of my friends at a party and sat for ages going through them \ I know that feeling.  It's a trip when I look through family albums
Its so nice I should take more pictures nowadays so I can keep remembering how happy I am \ Do you still keep in touch with the homies
Family is out of town for the week and I don't know what to do with myself. \ I would enjoy the peace and quiet!  Kick back, relax, and do whatever you want.
Its just not the same without them around. I miss them. \ Well in that case I hope they come home soon.  My family is just annoying mostly.
Have you heard anything from the bank?   \ I have not, I was hoping they called you instead.
I can never get in there during the week because of work, so I have to go in early on Saturday.   \ That sounds like good planning to me.
I miss my high-school days \ I do too. I don't like to think about it because I start to feel weird.
I miss how popular I was, being the quarterback of the football team. \ That is awesome. Things change a lot out of high school.
I have a vacation coming up! \ Great.Did you decided were to go on your vacations?
I am going to Colorado for a few weeks! I am stoked! \ I have been there before.Your are gonna have a lot of fun.
i was so shocked by the behavior of my friends dog \ what happened ? 
when i knocked on the door i felt the door was open and i thought as he is in home itself i felt i can go in but suddenly his dog jumped on me \ did he end up biting you?? 
My friend says she didnt tell anyone my secret, but idk how i feel about that.  \ what exactly were you referring to
i think she might have lied to me but im not sure  \ oh try to politely get the truth by speaking in a diplomatic manner by not hurting her ego
I went to my nieces softball competition and was blown away by how good she is. \ That's great! How old is she?
She is 16. I had no idea she was so talented. I'm so happy to be her aunt! \ If she is really good she could get a scholarship.
I felt really bad when I got my girlfriend sick. \ Why did she get sick? What was wrong?
I didn't tell her I was feeling sick and I think she caught it from me. \ Oh no, I'm sorry! I hope she is feeling better, and you are too!
I am so excited. Tomorrow is my birthday \ Well happy early birthday! I hope you have a great day!
Thanks. I can't wait for tomorrow for the party and the presents \ I bet, I hope you get everything you want!
I was lonely as a teenager, I had no girlfriend and few friends. I was sad often \ Sorry to hear that. Do you have more firends now?
I do luckily, and a great girlfriend, so things work out in the end \ Great.
I am astonished at the Russians \ Yeah me too. They are unbelievable. 
The way they interfered in the last Presidential elections is mind boglin \ Yeah it is hard to imagine how they pulled that off.
I am going to New York to visit my best friend in a couple weeks/ \ Great. I hope you have a lot of fun.
I haven't seen her in almost 5 years. I can't wait! \ 5 years is a long time.You have a lot to catch-up.
The father had no money to pay his fees so I helped him now he bought me a car \ Wow, how did he get so much money if he didn't have money to pay his fees, and what were the fees for?
oh he graduated and he is now working with Google, he bought me a car after 1 year of work \ What a great job to get. 
I remember the first I got pooped on while changing my kids diapers. \ It must have been an overwhelming experience, how old are the kids now?
They are 14 and 12.  It was pretty gross, but you have to deal with a lot of gross things when they are babies and just remember that you can take a shower to wash it off.  Luckily they have cute little faces to help you forget about the gross things. \ Sweet, we all miss those memories of them growing back. Mine are adults now
I felt kind of irked when my friend kept bugging me for help. \ Why did you feel irritated? 
I agreed to help him move but he kept asking about it even though I said yyes. \ Oh that sounds super annoying! Sorry for that!
I heard in the news earlier today about a dog that was left locked in a crate on the ocean during rising tide. \ That is so sad! That poor dog.
I was sickened, but thankfully someone found it and rescued it! \ Oh it survived! What a lucky dog.
My dog got really sick and was coughing up blood last week. I didn't know what to do. I had a panic attack. \ Oh no, that's terrible!  Are both you and your dog alright now?
Yes, I took him to the vet and got him the help he needed. The possibility of losing my best friend had me frightened! \ Yes, that would have frightened me too.  I'm glad he's alright now.
I got on a stranger's boat by accident at the marina. \ That must have been awkward.
Fortunately the owner didn't see me before I got off, but I sure felt stupid about it. \ Don't worry about it. It happens to the best of us.
I broke up with my partner of 2 years about two month ago. I think loneliness is the worst that could happen to a human being \ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. The only thing that helps is time unfortunately.
Indeed. I think time is the only heal to emotional wounds \ After some time passes though, you'll wonder why you were so sad.
My husband takes it out on me when he gets woken up and it makes me so mad. \ I think he should exercise more self-restraint when it comes to your relationship
I agree, but he doesn't think he is doing anything wrong. \ That is very dangerous attitude to have. I would be very cautious as it may bring much unintended social consequences
I felt so good when my friends put together a party for me.  \ do you act surprised ?
Well it wasnt so much of a surprise more planned than anything but still very thoughtful!  \ did you drink a lot ?
my neighbor just bought an epensive mercedes, he likes to show it off \ How does he go about showing it off? 
he plays loud music and looks my way with the windows open \ that sounds really childish of him lol 
Financially, things will turn around for my family soon! \ I hope and wish so. In this tough economic climate many are finding it difficult to cope with financial responsibilities
Yes, and we had a layoff of five months.  I believe in a brighter day, though, so I know it will improve. \ Being optimistic will help you alleviate much of your accumulated stress
I felt very bad about myself when i forgot my partner birthday this year. She was very disappointed in me for being careless \ Did you apologize, and do something nice to make up for it?
I bought her an expensive diamond ring just to make up for my silly mistake \ Wow!  Well, everyone makes mistakes, and if you apologized and bought her a ring, that should about cover it, lol.
We sold our house a year ago and moved to a new one. We are very thankful for all the help our families provided. \ You should be proud of the fact you have a new home to build a lifetime of memories in.
Thanks, we are. It was quite the process to get it ready, which is why we are happy to have our family helping us finish some things. \ You all have reason to celebrate.  You should throw a huge party to thank them.
I recently stopped smoking after having done so for 30 years. \ Wow! Congrats! I've heard that's very difficult to do.
It was hard the first few times but this time it was oddly very easy.  I think i have finally quit for good. \ Good for you. Do you feel any different health wise?
i really think im going to get the job!  \ Oh yeah? What job did you apply for?
A sales position right downtown. omg i cant wait to start  \ That's great! I really hope you do get it, you sound very excited.
I was in a check out lane for a while waiting when another cashier comes alone and takes the people in the back of the line. \ that is literally the worst, the people should have atleast told you to go ahead  first! 
Oh I know. People just gladly go, but the cashiers should be taught to take the next person in line. \ its really so rude. ugh im sorry 
I got an item for a birthday gift from my shopping wishlist and I am excited even thought it's been 3 months \ Cool what did you get?
I got a wrist watch that cost over 1000 dollars \ Nice, what brand was it?
breguet \ I've only heard a little about them but they're a good brand! Did you get it yet or are you still waiting?
I love hanging out with my dog in nature, it makes me feel good. \ I love dogs too what breed do you have ?
I have a 4 yr old golden do you have any? \ i have a german shepard
Last night I was laying with my husband and daughter and I felt so relaxed! \ That sounds like fun! I love family time!
I love it too! I felt so at east. Life is about the small things! \ Yes it sure is! We must appreciate the things that money cant buy too!
I went to a birthday party for one of my friends kids, and a small boy asked me to get him a cookie from the table, so I got it for him. Little did I know, the boy was allergic to nuts! \ Oh that is so scary! What happened after?
His mouth kind of got red and his face swelled a little and he was really itchy around the face and neck. I felt so bad, I didn't think to ask or to check for allergies! \ Oh no. I hope everything worked out okay!
I was looking at old pictures from my first "adult" apartment, and thinking about all the times I spent there with friends and roommates. \ Nostalgia can be wonderful, can't it?
It can, but it can also hurt sometimes.  It's probably just nostalgia hardcore, but sometimes I wish I could go back to that time. \ I feel the same when listening to 90s alternative music
We sold our house last year and received above asking price, which was unexpected \ Nice!  Did you use that extra to do anything special?
Honestly, we paid off debt and a couple furnishings. The new house is very peaceful by comparison \ That's probably the best choice.  I was thinking you could use it to spruce up a new place a bit, which it sounds like you did :)
My 6th birthday party was unexpected.  My mom had picked me up from school and said I needed to finish homework before I could open my present.  So I went to my room but when I turned on the lights all my friends from school were there hiding and shouted "SURPRISE".  We ditched homework and played games the rest of the night. \ That sounds like a really fun and joyful surprise.  Young birthdays are amazing.
Definitely.  Aside from my 21st my birthdays have been a lot more low key since then lol \ Yeah, after 21 they really are pointless.  Most of my birthdays, I enjoy a good dose of work all day, lol.
Where at I am in life, currently, is at peace with everything around me. It is a first for me, and it is simply amazing. \ That's awesome.  What did it take for you to get there
A lot of years struggling, and finalizing realizing that the struggle is the normal part of it all.  Acceptance and steadfastness led to happiness, I guess. \ Sounds like you've gotten smarter and more observant over the years
I am thinking about going back to school, but haven't decided yet. \ I think that would be a very wise idea.
I just don't know if I can handle the workload.  \ Are you working a full time job?
I have been feeling down since my great grandmother passed. \ I am sorry to hear that. I know that would be hard.
My family is supportive but I still feel bad. \ I hope things get better for you.
My neighbors are so loud and inconsiderate.  \ Did you try to reason with them?
i really did but they dont care it just caused more problems :/  \ You should report them to the authorities
My son got a scholarship into a university that I couldn't when I was his age, i'm happy \ thats so awesome....... what uni is it? 
Stanford :) \ impressive my god! you really must be so proud... 
 I feel so at peace, and in a good mood today but very stable and relaxed. Yano? \ Yeah I love that feeling, you need to cherish it!
I am really I am taking it for as long as I can because it doesnt happen often. lol  \ That's good, try to figure out what caused it!
I was eating lunch at work and spilled some juice all over my pants. \ god.... did you have any extra clothes or able to change? 
Nope so I just left work early haha. \ sounds like a good reason to leave maybe i should spill juice on myself too lol 
I once saw a dead possum in my garbage it smelled terrible lol. \ Oh how gross! I don't like possums anyways 
Yeah me neither lol any wildlife where you live? \ Just lizards and gators. I live in South Florida haha
My boyfriend took me out to my favorite restaurant to celebrate my promotion at work! \ Cool congrats, what did you eat?
It was Mexican food! I was not expecting him to just take me out for the promotion, it wasn't that big of a deal to me! I was happy \ Well a promotion is always good. Did you have a burrito?
When I was eight my parents got me a dog for Christmas. \ A dog is an awesome gift for a little kid.  I bet you were super excited.
To this day I remember it as the best Christmas of my life. \ I bet!  Maybe I should get my kids a dog for Christmas, I know it would be a great choice for them.
Recently, I've been watching my son play a game called Fortnite. It blows my mind how good he is at such a fast game. \ I have heard about that game.  I heard there was one guy that makes about $500,000 a month playing it on the streaming service Twitch.  Maybe your son should give it a try.
I have never heard of Twitch.  That is a lot of money, I could retire! \ Twitch is just a place where people stream themselves playing video games.  I guess a lot of people really love watching good players.  Go ahead and retire now and get him started!
 I have done everything I can to stop my girlfriend from eating junking food. I am looking forward to her trimming down \ Trimming down on the junk food? 
on her weight. I tried to help her stop eating junk food by getting healthy alternatives and cooking for us and I also registered us with a gym \ Oh okay I see. I understand, being healthy is important. I hope you are being sensitive to her feelings though, weight can be a touchy subject!
My fiance gave our toddler juice boxes when I told him not to, simply because I knew he would make a mess. He gave him juice boxes anyway, and this morning I had to figure out how to clean up a sticky walls and tables and half of all his toys! \ Your husband is just being a good daddy  hahaha you will miss the experience when the kid grows up
Well he's very inconsiderate when I am the one that has to clean up the mess. He could have just put it in a sippy cup instead.  \ Then talk with him, try to reason with him
My friend got a promotion and moved to California last week. I always thought I would be the first one to get out of this dump. \ I'm sorry your friend moved away. Sounds like me when I moved from Indiana to Florida. My friend was upset when I left too.
He doesn't deserve to live in luxury! He gets to chill on the beaches and I'm stuck out here in the dessert. \ That is your friend, you should be happy for them! 
I had to be at home by myself for 2 days last week while my husband worked out of town.  \ That sucks, but being lonely can sometimes help you discover new hobbies.
It was horrible and boring, but I'm hoping to take up a hobby soon so I can have something to do when he's away. \ Yes, your happiness doesn't depend on nobody else.
As silly as it sounds, I was so surprised at how different my two kids were as babies. You're reminded that they're wired with their own personalities from the git-go. \ Yeah that is always odd to me, before they can talk they are already unique!
One was pacifier, one was fingers. One wanted to co-sleep, one liked her space. One liked facing *out* in the Baby Bjorn carrier, one liked cocooning in a sling! \ That is how it goes, sometimes you can just figure them out immediately
My sister got to go with my mom on vacation and i couldnt go.  \ That's no fair! Where you left out on purpose?
Im a little "ah" about it - i dont understand why they couldnt just wait for me to get a day off to go with them.  \ Yeah I would be upset about that too.
I was amazed at the orchestra I saw last week. \ what orchestra was it or where was it? 
It was a classical orchestra at a theater in town. \ sounds very cool id love to go listen someday 
I'm excited to go to school full time again in the fall! \ Aw I am happy for you! What do you go to school for?
Engineering its tough but I think its really cool. \ That is great! Good luck to you!
I took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. \ Turbulence always scares me lol. In reality the plane is very safe though.
It was super scary for me. I'm generally afraid of planes, even though I know they are the safest form of travel. \ How often do you fly? The more you do it the easier it gets.
I fly a few times per year. I live in Florida, but I grew up in Indiana and my family and friends still live there, so I have to fly to visit them. \ Cool I lived in Palm Beach County for 2 years. I fly to the Philippines every few years and it takes over 12 hours!
Watching my first child being born changed my life forever. \ I bet! I can't imagine what that must be like to see a bran new life.
It changed my whole outlook on everything.  I have never felt such happiness condensed in such a short period of time/ \ That's awesome :) I'm happy for you! Hopefully one day I will get to see that
I was dumped a few days ago after 4 years so I'm glad I have a close group of friends who helped me get through it \ That is so sad.  It sucks to end any relationship.
Indeed it does. Even more so when they don't give you a good reason other than 'I need more excitement in my life' \ That seems like a pretty crazy reason to throw away four years.  I am sorry that happened to you.
I'm generally a calm driver.  But what really agitates me--to the point of wanting to throw something at the other driver--is someone on the right side merging at full speed onto the main road I'm driving on, towards the furthest lane possible...with NO SIGNAL \ I feel your pain. It's crazy how reckless some drivers can be. I was always taught the importance of using my signals.
Yes glad someone can relate.  A lot of crazy drivers down here in Texas haha \ Honestly in Florida I see similar behaviors among some drivers. I'm not sure if they are rushing or just don't care.
A while ago, I needed a place to stay for the weekend while my parents took a trip. I was lucky enough that my friend offered me to stay at his home with his family for the duration. \ That's cool I guess...do your parents not trust you in their own house? lol
They do, my cooking skills were just lacking and my friend was aware of the situation and very helpful. I find it hard to ask for assistance at times but I'm comfortable with Bill because I've known him for years. \ Gotcha. Well glad it worked out for ya
Last week on my birthday, I came home to a dark house. \ someone forget to pay the bill? 
Nope. It was dark because my friends were all there hiding and waiting to greet me. \ that is a very good story
I wont ever forget the day my daughter said "mommy" the first time.  \ I bet. That's so sweet.
it was memorable for sure  \ Were you able to record the moment?
My wife forgot to pay the car insurance, and i ended up getting pulled over!  \ That's unfortunate, did you end up with a ticket?
yup! of course they have to get their money, and more money out of my pocket ugh  \ Ouch, I hope it wasn't too expensive.
I can't wait for the releash of the new Super Smash Brothers game. \ I havent played video games in years I really need to buy a system but I dont even know where to begin now adays lol 
Release* sorry. I'd suggest buying a Nintendo Wii maybe, lots of good games on there. \ I liked it better when it said releash I figured you had a lisp. ( lol joking ) I will check into it! thanks 
I stay home with my five year old son. Sometimes I hear things come out of his mouth that I know he learned from me. \ Hopefully the things coming out of his mouth are good things, right?
I wish, he sometimes says curse words. \ Oh.  I recommend correcting that before it gets out of hand.  Good luck!
I was at the grocery store yesterday and did something I am not proud of. The cashier gave me too much money back and when I realized it I didn't say anything and kept it. \ Did you need the money for something specific? 
No, I think I was just being greedy.  I should not have done it. \ Were you able to sleep last night?
I was out shopping the other day and I tripped on my shoe laces. \ Did you get hurt?
No, just my feelings. \ Glad to hear that.
I've been watching movie a few hours ago, and still feel its effects. \ What movie were you watching?
I think it was called Rampage.  \ That is a great movie.
I had to get my foot looked at by the doctor, always makes me nervous going there. \ I always get nervous too... never know what they will find right ! Whats wrong? 
I thought it was infected, turns out it wasn't fortunately. \ jeez thank god! ugh glad you are okay 
 I am feeling so impatient this year for christmas since we are in our new home.  \ I can understand, the holidays are exciting, almost there though.
yeah they really are especially in our new house, i cant wait!  \ I hope it's worth the wait!
I take care of my grandmother who lives with me and my family. \ That is nice of you. Family is great to have when you get older.
Yes, it is a very rewarding as she is the reason why we all exist. \ Yes it is. I am glad you are there for your grandmother!
I accidentally gave my dog something he was allergic too and he broke into hives. \ Oh no, that is really sad. You should research your dog's allergies so that it does not happen with other foods.
I have taken him to the vet so hopefully we can take care of it ! \ That is great! I hope your dog gets better fast.
I had good news to tell my parents, but my brother decided to interrupt me and tell them his amazing news first.  \ Oh I bet that was super frustrating! How did you react?
I felt it was intentional he can be a jerk sometimes.  \ Younger siblings tend to be that way sometimes.
Last night was crazy. I couldn't relax even though I really wanted to. I was in a house full of people screaming and yelling. \ What was going on!?
My friend and her mom were fighting about money, and my friend's daughters were wanting attention. \ sounds like a lot of drama ugh i hope you get some rest tonight 
I had a great time hiking with my family and dog recently! Do you like nature? \ I do.  It feels great to get out into nature doesn't it?
Yeah I always enjoy hiking in the mountains or just going to the beach. \ The beach is my most favorite place to go.
I'm leaving for my vacation soon.  I have everything all packed and ready to go. \ Great where are you going?
Going to see family.  I just don't want to leave anything behind that I might need on the trip. \ I agree, it's better to overpack than underpack.
I was very sad when my grandmother passed away. \ I am so sorry to hear that!  Don't worry.  I know it is hard but every day will get better.
It does get better, but it was just so sudden. \ Just be strong.  She is in a better place now.
I am finally going on my dream vacation to Tahiti! I can hardly wait! \ How exciting! Why did you choose Tahiti?
It just seems so exotic and far away.  I feel like I will love it there! \ The photos of Tahitian beaches I've seen are beautiful! Will you be visiting a beach?
When I moved to Texas I didn't know anyone but my boyfriend. \ That sounds rough, were you able to get accustomed to Texas?
Yeah, but I had left all my family behind. I didn't know anyone here for quite some time. \ I know what you mean, that happened to me when I left for college a few years ago.
When I was younger I was playing basketball and I accidentally hit my sister as she was walking by. \ Oh no! Was she okay, or did she cry?
Yeah she was fine. I made sure to apologize several times after.  \ That is good, I'm glad she was okay. I once got hit in the face with one, so I know it can sting.
hey man, I feel so ashamed lately \ I am sorry to hear that. Can I ask why?
well the thing is I am not doing so well, and my mom is helping me financially. She has the means to do so but I am just very ashamed about it you know \ I don't think you should feel ashamed at all. Parent's are there to help you until you are able to manage on your own.
I have been studying for the last two weeks in preparation for my final exam. \ and how do you feel about it? Are you ready?
I feel that I am ready. I have reviewed everything multiple times. \ Then that's good! I am glad you feel confident, that will help!
I always make a list before I go food shopping, never want to forget anything. \ That is a great idea! I need to do that as well, seems I always forget something!
It's helped so much, never have to drive back to get one more thing anymore! \ That is great! I'm happy for you!
My supervisor yelled at me in front of all my coworkers!  \ Oh no, I hope it wasn't unwarranted!
It actually was and it make me feel stupid and put on the spot. \ It's definitely a difficult position to be in, I hope your coworkers were understanding.
I recently suffered a miscarriage. \ Omg, how many months were you pregnant before this happened?
6 unfortunately. It was the worst thing I've ever been through. \ i'm so sorry to hear about this
 had a one night stand during my last official trip. I am scared to tell my wife that a baby was birth out of the one night stand, what do i do? \ Oh that is a tough one! You have to tell her no matter what! Just suck it up and break it to her!
I'm scared she will leave me. This is because I don't have a child with her yet \ I know you are scared, but this was a choice you made, now you have to deal with the consequences.
When I see petite, skinny dogs I remember Roxxie, my auntie's beautiful Italian Greyhound who died from a tumor who was really smart and could do a bunch of tricks. \ We will always have fond memories that come to our minds. I am sorry to hear that but also happy you can have the memoru. 
It's ok I appreciate it. I know she's in a better place :) \ Yes she is! 
I felt so down when i failed the test at school and didnt win  \ What was the prize you didn't win?
a golden medal and my name in the gym wall  \ Oh well I'm sure there's always next year! Was it a fitness test or what
I am happy with my current position at work even though everyone is struggling to get posted for an international assignment I won't \ It is good you are happy with your current position. What do you do?
I am a Data Engineer with a popular search engineer company :) I am happy because I want my family close to me  \ That is awesome! I'm happy for you!
I recently got my hair done and I've been getting so many compliments! \ Wow, it must be a very recent and trendy hair style
It is, and it fits my face well! It has really boosted my self esteem! \ You husband must be very happy with the style
I am so embarrassed at Trump. \ I understand a lot of people have issues with him.  What makes you embarrassed?
Absolutely everything.He has no manners. \ Well in his business dealings in the past it probably served him well to be blunt and agressive.  I can see how that would bother some people
The other day I came home from work and found that my garage had been broken into!  They stole about 3 or 4 thousand dollars worth of equipment. \ I am sorry to hear that.Is the poilice helping you.
They are but they do not have anything as of yet.  Needless to say this was a very unexpected thing to come home to \ You should install security cameras around your house.
The other day I had a deep craving for Chik-Fil-A. \ I understand that one,they are my favorite place to eat
