I lost my car keys. I'm such a fool! \ Happens to everybody. My girlfriend, who is the smartest person I know, has had to make 5 duplicates of her car keys because she's locked herself out so much. She's so forgetful because she's so efficient and on top of everything else important, that sometimes she misses the small things. Maybe that's true in your case, too!
That's pretty funny, and makes me feel better. This is the first time I've lost my keys so I hope to keep it that way! \ I've heard some people place theirs in a bowl near the front door as soon as they come home, or they stick it in the fridge with their lunch.. silly things to make sure they can keep it together.
So when i was a kid i had this creepy face look at me in my room at night.  \ Woah! That's super scary! Did it do anything to you?
No after that night i never saw it again but i keep remembering it. \ So creepy...I wouldn't be able to forget it either...
A few years ago, I became friends with someone through an online video game. Eventually we trusted each other, so we met up in person! \ I know a lot of people in real life through that kind of stuff. Has been pretty great for me after 11 years. How is it for you so far.
I'd say it's going pretty well, we eventually got married! How did you meet your friends? \ Well we met through going to conventions and i even visited some myself. Really great bunch of people and i see places.
I cannot wait until the weekend is here! I'm going skydiving for the first time! \ That sounds amazing!  But terrifying too lol
I am not nervous yet but I for sure will be when it's time to jump out of that plane! Oh, what am I getting myself into, lol. \ I admire you!  I don't think you'll regret getting this experience
MY cousin has moved away. \ I am sorry to hear that
She is my favorite and now she is 5 hours away. \ That isnt too far
I was scared when my dad was in the hospital. It just made me worry \ What happened?
He got a stomach rash that got worse \ Is he okay now?
When I was a kid I used to steal candy from the local 7/11 with my brother. We never got caught from the store but my parents found all the wrappers hiding in our room. \ Hahah that is funny. Were your parents angry?
Yes, they demanded to know where we got the money to buy all that candy. We lied and said it was from a birthday party at school. Haha \ Haha did they believe it?
A friend borrowed some video games of mine \ nice, what system do you play on?
Xbox primarily, I'm hoping he'll get everything back in one piece \ i really enjoy video games as well
I cannot stand my neighbor's dog's barking, its never ending \ That's the worst! Have you tried talking to your neighbor?
i have, that what makes me so mad, he just smiles at me while I tell him and he does not do anything about it \ You might try contacting the authorities, though I don't know if it would help. 
I trust my wife with my life \ thats a good bond how long have you been together? 
11 years and countig.We complement each other perfectly. \ very adorable good for you guys 
I wont forget the one time I stole from a store when I was a child. \ was that  the only time you stole in your life?
yeah it was and my dad made sure to bring me back into the store to say i was sorry.. all of that for a peep.  \ That was very cool of your dad.He taught you a lesson.
I found some of my old toys that I had passed down to my younger brother today while cleaning up his closet. \ thats awesome! its really cool to be able to keep things in the family
It really was! It brought back so many wonderful and touching memories. \ did he enjoy the toys>
The first time my girlfriend invited me to her father's house, I was super anxious. \ Yeah that can be nerve racking! How did it go?
He mostly speaks French, and although I understand it perfectly I have trouble speaking. In the end it went well, and he was super easy-going and made me feel like family. \ That is good! Are you guys close now>
I spent hours reviewing notes and course content to prepare myself for a few trials that a company wanted me to go through. \ Good job! Do you feel pretty prepared?
I felt super prepared and I ended up getting the job just last Thursday! \ WOWZA! Congrats! Is it a job you can build a career out of.
In a way yes and no. I'm teaching online, and my major in University is Education at the moment. So it helps me in school, and looks good on a CV for a full-time teacher position in an actual school someday in the future. \ Oh thats good! Thanks for teaching. :)
Thank you for appreciating teachers! \ My mom is one so i know how important you guys are.
I was thinking about my old neighborhood \ Memories.. what state? 
Can't say, but I was mostly just thinking about the friends I had there growing up \ I understand but memories are always nice. 
I finally feel like everything is coming together for me, either that or I have just learned how to control my stress.  \ How is everything coming together? 
Everything positive is finally happening. Everything I wanted to happen.  \ What did you want to happen exactly? 
My friend is so lucky, he always seems to be winning lotteries and gambles of sorts. \ Man.. i need some of that luck!
Same here. Just last week, he won over $400 playing slot machines, and I really wish that could've been me. \ Wow thats awesome! i never win anything like that
I came home the other day and my roommate had a friend over. I've only seen him with a friend over once in my 3.5 years of living here. \ Wow. That must be a very special friend. I net you were surprised.
Yeah I sure was, he seems to like this one much better than the last one he had over. He couldn't wait for that first guy to leave. \ Oh dear. Maybe he is a loner and doesn't like friends.
Saw a guy drop off a puppy on the side of the road once. Was a cute little lab puppy. \ That is sad
I took the little guy in and now he's 13. He's my best buddy in the world. \ That makes me feel better
I got really mad when I failed a finals test. I knew I could do better \ I bet that wasn't a great feeling.
It sucked to be honest \ I am assuming you did study hard for it right?
I really appreciate an artists talents. It is pretty incredible what beauty they can create! \ I agree! I wish I was able to make things
It is really fun to create things, anyone can do it! But talent I think is a gift from God. \ For sure you are born with those types of talents!
i was channel surfing and ran across the old Batman tv show, brought back memories. \ That is cool! I love flash backs from the past especially when it comes to television. I sometimes watch old shows on youtube that I used to watch as a kid. Love it!
same here, I loved watching Batman as a kid and could not wait to get home from school to watch it. \ I used to watch the Wonder Years after school. I love watching it until this very day. 
When I was a little girl I would have to wear shoes with holes in it to school. Everyone made fun of me all the time. My family could not afford much. \ that must have been embarrassing, I hope you weren't to traumatized
I think it is a good trauma cause to this day it keeps me working hard for my dreams so that I will never have to be in that place again. \ that is good to hear, it was a motivation to succeed, a great character building 
I left my phone on the bus last night as I was coming home, I am still very upset. \ That sucks! Have you been able to contact the bus company yet and get it back?
I tried calling them this morning and they said they would check their lost and found. I have not heard anything from them yet. \ Oh no! Would your phone cost a lot to replace?
Yes it would! It was even a relatively new phone so I would be devastated if my phone did not appear. \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it turns up.
In elementary school, I forgot to do an assignment once. Instead of telling the teacher this I stole my friend's French assignment and erased his name and handed it in as my own. I felt terrible about it. \ Wow that was a long time ago, I am sure that you regret it now and have learned from your mistake.
That's sorta true. To be honest, when I look back on it, it seems really funny to me. Also, I told my friend about it and he didn't even remember. \ That's good that your friend wasn't affected by your actions too badly. If you guys moved on from it then it was a great learning opportunity!
That's true! No harm was done and we're both able to laugh about it now. \ i do that but the before getting there jitters is enough to drive anyone nuts.
One of my co-worker came and asked me a lot of really weird questions about my supervisor. It seemed suspicious so I pretty much told her I didn't know any of the answers to her questions. I don't think she likes my supervisor. \ oh that's just a recipe for disaster 100% of the time.
Yeah I figured it was, so I just played dumb and let my supervisor know. My supervisor has always been good to me. \ mine has too. i think you did the right thing by not getting involved.
i was sad to see my favorite tree had been broken in the storm last week \ Aw man that sucks. It must have been a crazy storm.
it was pretty bad but i think the tree was already dying \ How big was it?
I had yet another death in my family. This year has been the worst. \ im sorry, theres nothing worse than that. i hope you're doing okay
I don't know. I feel pretty horrible. I feel like not going to work or anything. \ im sorry. it eventually gets better though
I love my wife!! \ thats nice to hear, too many relationships ending nowadays
Yeah I know!  We've been together for about 10 years now!   \ wow thats awesome good for you
my uncle died last year \ oh no!  I'm so sad to hear that :(
yea it hit hard at first but ive come to accept it and move on \ Yeah that's all you can do I guess.  Do you do anything cool in his memory?
My cat was sick for a couple days when i first got them \ Oh no did he/she get better? Did you have to take them to the vet?
yea i was so worried i was scared they would die but he got better thankfully \ Oh dang, there were multiple cats that were sick?
I love my cat so much. he is the best. :0 \ same, cats are so awesome
He is so sweet. he always sleeps with me and even catches all the flies like a good boy. \ haha mine loves to just lay on me and get pets, hes so soft and cute
awww what color is he? \ hes a rag doll with blue eyes and a white coat that ends in gray on his face tail and paws, what about yours?
Black and white. I love grey cats. \ thats nice thank you for telling me about your cat
My PS4 just arrived in the mail with a new game! \ You must be so excited! What game did you get?
I am! I got God of War, I wonder if it will be good. Can't wait to load it up when I get home. \ That actually got great reviews. I am sure you are going to love it!
Man there aren't many people I would give my last couple hundred dollars to, with one notable exception. \ Hm, who might that be? 
My buddy Stefan. He used it to print hundreds of bootleg concert posters. We sold them and netted $2000 a piece! \ Thats neat. You must trust him a lot given his track record of making money!
I was going on a weekend to the lake but ended up getting sick.  \ That's unfortunate. Did you have the flu?
A really bad cold/cough.  It definitely has me in bed.  I was so looking forward to the fun time. \ Your next adventure will go much smoother. I once got a really bad rash in Hawaii when I visited.
I finished first in a race. I feel like gold \ Oh my goodness!  That's amazing!  Congratulations! Was it your first gold medal race?
Yes! It was my first victory. All my hard work is paying off \ That is awesome! It is for running?
I just got home from traveling and it feels so nice. \ That's awesome, where did you go?
I went to california and had to drive back over 9 hours so it feels great to be done with it. \ I love california, I have some family in Sacramento! And I bet it feels great to be home after a long drive.
I'm torn up, my dog had to be put down today because of old age \ Oh my Gosh. I am sorry. that can be really tough.
Yeah, he was a great dog, but he lived a very good life so that's a positive, I guess. \ Thats the most important thing. I bet he wants you to move on and be happy.
I always make plans to go out with my friends but end up staying home. \ Its okay to stay at home
I feel so old though. I just watch tv now. \ Tv can be fun though
I was scared my first day of high school. I was nervous how it would go \ Most kids are like that. I was definitely scared.
Yeah, I got over it eventually \ Most of us do that too. Kids over reacy to new environments
My cousin just got out of a 7 year relationship. Turns out she was cheating for the last 3 years. \ That's terrible. Wh don't people just leave insteading of hurting their partner. I don't get it.
I don't get it either. I hope he can move on. \ ME too. She wasn't the right one obviously. Sucks to have put in so much time though
Do you watch game of thrones? \ I watched the first season.
I love that show. I'm sad it is ending. It should stay on forever. \ What? It's ending? I heard he hasn't yet finished the books.
 I found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. It finally fits me and I think I will start wearing it for luck. \ Haha that's really cool! What kind of watch is it?
Its an old Orient. I can still picture him wearing it for special occasions. \ Oh nice. Yea he would be happy to know you are wearing it now.\
I felt so bad the other day. i spilled coffee on the ground in fron of everyone at the store. \ Oh no. Did the workers have to come clean it up?
Yea i tried to help but they said not to worry about it. \ I bet you were a little embarrassed. I wouldnt worry too much about it. Im sure it happens everyday. 
My coworkers threw me a welcome-back party when I returned from maternity leave.  \ That is so nice!  Did you get lots of presents?
Yes, they got me a coffee mug and some baby clothes. It was a nice surprise!  \ So fun.  Did you have your baby? Congratulations on your pregnancy!
Every fall my family and I used to go apple picking when I was younger. Those were good times. \ Ahh sounds like some great memories. Do you often feel nostalgic about these times?
I really do. I'm going to try and start the tradition with my own kids. \ Thats a great idea. That way your kids will get to experience such lovely moments as well.
I have been in vacation in Mexico for one week now. I am buying gifts for my family before coming back. \ Wow, lucky you.  I hope you are enjoying your time there.  They will be appreciative of the gifts.
I hope they will appreciate the gifts. I bought already for my brother a t-shirt of the Mexico national soccer team and a sombrero. \ How much longer are you staying for?
Well its been a long week of work for me, no vacation like you.  However, it is so very nice just to be relaxing at home this evening. \ To have some rest after working so hard, it is very important.
Yes it is.  I am just fine sitting at home this evening with a book. \ It is a perfect leisure activity.
I broke my laptop screen yesterday and now I am out a hundred bucks to get it fixed! \ That sucks! It happens to the best of us. At least the computer didn't break.
I agree, its still functional so I probably shouldn't be too sad. \ Yeah, that would have been an expensive accident! Your lucky. :)
I am very fearful of dying. I know it will come one day, I just hope and pray it doesn't hurt so bad. \ You shouldn't think about death whilst you're alive! Just live each day to the fullest. 
Yes you are right but it is hard to not think about it when there is so much death going on around the world and we have to hear about it through the media. \ Yes but death comes to all of us someday. So I think its best we enjoy our life whilst we are blessed with it. 
I just bought tickets to my favorite band! I am so stoked! \ Holy cow that's awesome!  Who is it?
They are called devil makes three. \ Hmm.  Never heard of them.  I'll look them up and give them a listen!  Hope you have fun!!!
Thanks! I would definiately look them up if you are a fan of bluegrass. \ Ha.  I actually live in KY. 
Haha that's the biggest bluegrass state. \ Yup.  We have a bluegrass event on the square once a year in the town that I live in
I love my wife so much! \ That is Good! How long have you been together?
About 10 years now.  Neither one of us as cheated so far!  I trust her so much \ Thats good! Sadly thats tough to find these days.
I am so thankful for everything in my life.  \ That is great.  Its good to not take family and friends for granted. 
You are right, I am so thankful for it all! \ Keep that attitude and you will go far!  
My son has been playing tee ball just like when I used to play. Those were great times for me. \ Those are the best times,I can't wait until my son plays.
How old is your son?  Yea, its been so fun to watch him gain confidence and help his team win and have fun. \ He is 2!
My son will be turning two in a few months and it has me looking back to when he was born. \ Aww thats a great time in life.
It really is, I am so thankful for it. \ Is he your first?
My brother just bought my all time favorite car. \ That is cool! What kind of car?
A tesla. I wanted to get one first. \ Those are nice cars! I hope you are able to get one!
Some of my friends told me that they had a big surprise for me. They know I hate surprises, but I complied and let the blindfold me and drive me out to the location. \ That sounds exciting and scary.  What was the surprise?
They had decided to pool their money together and get me one big present together. It was a flying lesson at the local airport.  \ That is so awesome.  Did you have fun? and more important, are you a pilot now?
I have a feeling I'm going to be getting a new car soon. \ Oh no, what's wrong with your current car?
It keeps breaking down, I just keep waiting for the morning I go out and it just won't start no matter what I do. \ That sounds terrible. I'm sorry I can't diagnose a car over the internet though. My first guess for that is usually the battery. Then things like the cables or the starter or fuses.
my dog had puppies \ That is awesome. What type of dog do you have?
i have a pit bull \ My mother-in-law has one, too.
My son will be turning two in a few months. \ what are you going to do for his birthday
We are going to have a small get together with family! \ i love birthday gathers
I have my annual evaluation next week.  I hope I get a raise, fingers crossed. \ What career do you work in?
I work in Plant Operations for a hospital. \ You deserve a large raise, health care is hard work!
So disappointed in myself for getting a low mark. \ Oh, no.  I'm sorry.  Was it due to a test?
It was a math test, I had studied quite hard so I'm stumped right now. \ Math is not my favorite.  Can you ask the teacher/professor?
I am on the fence about pursuing a promotion opportunity at my work. I am nervous that I may not interview well. \ Don't be.I am sure you are ready.
I hope so.  I guess I am just fearful of rejection. \ We all are.
I am so happy about my next vacation. \ Awesome!  Where are you going!  I am jealous!
I am going to visit Rome for the first time. \ No I am really jealous!  I have wanted to go there for the longest time.  I am happy for you!
I failed my final exam for math last semester. I all set to graduate but now I have to repeat it. Its horrible. \ That is terrible, i am sorry! hopefully youll be able to get it taken care of this time.
I just feel so bad for not passing. It has really set me back. \ What type of degree are you getting?
I was watching a documentary on death row, and its disturbing some of the crimes people commit \ Yea those shows are hard to watch. 
They are, i totally agree with the death penalty though \ Yea I agree. People can commit some really horrific crimes. It is scary.
I found an old photo album at my grandma's house that had pictures of me when I was a kid \ That's cool, did it bring back some good memories? 
Yeah, it did. I really miss the 90s. Everything seemed a lot simpler in those days \ I love the 90's also, best decade in my opinion!
I'm so embarrassed, I had to ditch my date to use the bathroom. I told her I was sick! \ Was the date not going well?
It was going great for a first date, but my bowels got the best of me! \ I hate when that happens. Was she understanding?
I'm pretty satisfied with all the house work I got done today. Yard is mowed and the house is clean! \ That's great, I wish I had been that productive today. Maybe I still have time for a load of laundry. Good job, you. 
Thanks! You should! Better now than tomorrow is my motto! \ I just haven't been feeling too great today. Maybe your right though an easy task might make me feel better and get a head start for tomorrow. 
When I was in middle school, I had a friend come over to ride horses with me. After riding my mother pressured me to get on a horse bareback I wasn't comfortable riding. She made such a big scene that I got on to make her stop. \ Oh no, did you get hurt?
Yes, the horse took off running and I got thrown into a metal fence. My mother then proceeded to yell and me and make fun of me for trusting her. She told me that I should never trust anyone not even my own parents, it was really embarrassing to get yelled at in from my friend. Afterwards my ribs hurt for 2 months.    \ Yikes, I'm sorry to hear that.  That sounds horrifying!
My dog got sick last night but I didn't hear it while it was happening. \ Is he okay?
She's fine now.  I only realized it after I stepped in her throw up when I got to the top of the stairs this morning. I almost threw up myself! \ ewwwww that's gross lol
I'm not sure if I want to go tomorrow \ Where?  Why are you feeling uncertain?
We're supposed to be roller coaster riding tomorrow :/ \ I can understand the nerves, but it will be fun!
So, the other day I had a test of my character. \ What happened/
I had ordered some medicine for my dogs.  When I arrived home, I realized that I had paid for a two part kit, but they had given me a four part kit.   \ Well, I hope you did the right thing and correct their mistake.
Last week I really had to rely on my friend to keep his word. \ That is a good test of friendship.  Did he keep his word?
Yes in the end, he showed up and help me fix my car. I am really glad that he did. \ It is such a blessing to have good friends on whom you can depend.  
My dog had to go to the vet and it took all day. We even had an appointment. \ Oh, that's the biggest pain.  I feel like when you pay good money for care for your pet...they should at least be on time.
Yes, I agree!  \ We move our lives and schedules around to take care of our pets...the least the can do is do their work well.
I'm giving a presentation at work that is going to ensure I get a promotion. I know I'll get it. \ I sure hope that you get it!
With my presentation looking so good, there's no reason I shouldn't.   \ I believe you will get it!
next week I find out if i got the promotion at my job. I have my fingers crossed. \ Nice! I hope you get it, I'll cross my fingers for you also! Do you think you got a good chance?
i do not know, i feel like i have done all I can to get it, but you never know \ That's all you can do, but if you worked hard, I'm sure you will get it!
I can't wait til Red Dead Redemption 2 comes out! The first one was my favorite video game of all time! \ that's right, it is supposed to come out  soon, I bet you will enjoy it very much
Yeah, from the trailers it looks awesome, I'll be playing it a ton. \ sound like it must be killing you on waiting for the release, before you know it. you'll be playing it a ton
I was able to workout enough to lose 10 lbs! \ That is awesome. I bet you feel great!
Yup i'm ready for anything! \ And its only going to get better. The longer you go the more progress you will see. Good for you.
My wife got the flu yesterday. I ended up staying home to make sure she was ok. \ Good job. Is she better now?
She still has fever but I have been helping her hydrate and keeping her as comfortable as I can. \ That stinks. I hope she feels better soon!
Just got back from downstairs, what a gross scene. \ Wow, what did you see?
My dog getting sick all over the carpet. \ Ugh, I hope he's alright and it was nothing too bab.
 I let my brother take care of my dog when I went on vacation. He is the only person who I would let take care of my dog. \ Did he do a good job?
Yes he did. I think my trust paid off because my dog came back healthy and happy. \ Thank god, bet you're pleased about that aren't you?
My friend really wanted me to go rollerblading with him, but I haven't been rollerblading since I was a little kid. I didn't want to roll into a car. \ So what did you do?
We went, but it was still pretty terrible because I felt completely uncomfortable and was bent over the whole time ready to catch myself. \ Well, I bet your friend had a good time with you being there. Sometimes we have to make sacrefices for those we care about.
Last month cleaning out the attic I found a old box of photo albums that had belonged to my mother. \ Oh cool. Were there any good picture in there?
So many good pictures. It was great reliving all of those old memories, many I had forgotten about. \ Well that's nice. I am glad they were happy memories for you. 
I have a new weight lifting cycle coming up. I think I'll make great progress during it! \ how thats cool.  
By putting in hard work of course! My last few training cycles have gone really well. I've put on a lot of muscle. \ hard work must pay off if you are seeing results! congrats
I was sad to see Lebron go to the Lakers \ That sucks to hear. I don't know too much about basketball, to be honest. Was it really a big deal?
yea he is the best player in the world. \ I hear a lot of people say that, he must be real good. What team would you prefer to see him on?
I was so happy when I was finally able to buy a motorcycle last week that I've been saving money for. But yesterday I wasn't being careful and I crashed it into my neighbors car and completely destroyed both. \ Oh my, are you physically okay? It must have been very traumatic for you.
I'm fine, but emotionally I'm a wreck. Not only am I out the money for the bike, but now I owe my neighbor money to fix his car. \ Money can always come back but your health is the most important thing.
I drank and got drunk out of my mind yesterday despite promising sobriety to my wife. \ Oh no, that's no good. Did she find out?
Yes and I feel so ashamed right now. I can't even look her in the eyes anymore because of shame. \ Just have a talk with her and apologize. I'm sure she'll understand. Addiction is a life long battle. It's never too late to jump back on the wagon.
I'm having heart palpitations all the time and they are very concerning to me.  \ Uh oh!   You should go see a doctor to get that checked out!
I got checked out by one that had no idea what it was so I need to find a good cardiologist. \ Yeah that's what I would do!  Good luck, friend!
Man I feel so dirty and bad \ What did you do?!
I went to the bar the other day and my waitress was so awesome!   I was so drunk at the end of the night and forgot to give her a tip :( \ Lousy man! What can you do though...if you're a regular she'll understand when you bring her extra another time.
I just got a new haircut, lets say this, I do not like it. \ Oh boy.  I've gotten quite a few of those before.  New hairstylist?
no, same style from my barber who always cuts my hair, for some reason he did a terrible job \ That's odd.  I would've told him so and asked for my money back. 
I have the car packed, the food packed in a cooler, and the car inspected and filled with fuel. Ready for vacation! \ sounds sweet, you must be raring to go
its hard for me to sleep the night before a trip, even though I am an adult. ha ha. \ lol, the kid in you is always ready for Disneyland
The amount of crazy and bad people in the world is scary \ I agree.  Has something bad happened to you recently?
Nope, i just see so many depressing stories on the news \ Yeah it really can bring you down
I set the burglar alarm to the house every night before bed. Around 3:00am this morning, the alarm went off \ Oh man thats scary! What set it off?
Thankfully it was just the contact that had come lose, so it thought the window had opened.  I had a really hard time going back to sleep after! \ I can imagine, i wouldnt have been at ease either.
I'm hoping that i get an enormous job that i bid on. \ Good luck! I bet you'll get it, I have a feeling.
I hope so! Thanks for the encouragement \ No problem! Is it a career oriented job?
I am ready for my police test coming up! \ That is exciting, what is the test for?
Basic laws and how or what to do in certain scenarios. \ Oh ok cool, are you already a police officer?
Someone smashed into my car and left. People are horrible! \ Wow, thats horrible! Make sure to get a police report and send it to your insurance. 
I did and they don't seem like they can help me much since I only got a few numbers of the license plate. I missed work and have been mad ever since. \ I'm sorry, try to relax and have a good weekend. Know how fustrating that can be, hope there wasn't much damage.
My husband is on the road a lot, I hardley ever see him. \ I'm sorry. My wife could sympathize with you since I'm gone a lot on business as well. 
Yes, its hard but I try to remember he does it for our family! I have been trying to adapt to enjoying alone time. \ I'm sorry you feel lonely.  My wife says she ofens feels the same way.  I know your husband misses you awfully while he's away.  I love having chats with my wife every day when I'm gone.
My life is going pretty good right now. I have a great job and a wonderful girlfriend. \ Awesome I am happy to hear that!
It feels pretty good. I feel that my life is pretty ideal right now. Wouldnt have it any other way. \ Nice, make sure to soak it up.
One day a homeless man came up to my car and asked me to roll down my window. \ I never know what to do in that situation.
Same here. It was scary. \ I bet. you never know if they are the crazy type or just down on their luck.
I came home from a business trip and found food rotting in the fridge with mold growing on everything and fruit flies swarming around. bleh. \ oh just wait.. that's nothing. How long were you gone for?
About 8 days. Why?  Did you have something more gross? I have to hear this! ha ha. \ It rotted in 8 days? I'm pretty embarrassed. 
I crapped my pants at wallmart once. I couldn't find the bathroom and well you know... \ Oh no!  I've had that happen before. Not at Walmart but at a dentist office. Did you make a dash out of there?
LOL at a dentist is even worse! I rode with my mom so the ride home wasn't pleasant for her.  \ Yeah, I had to tell them some might be on the chair.  It was crazy awful! Oh no, ha ha. sorry that happened.
I have an interview for a job that I don't feel qualified for \ Just be confident and you will do great!
I will try. I'm a pretty anxious person in general so it's hard \ You got this! 
My husband is going on a trip for a weekend. \ Are you going to miss him?
I am, it will be a little lonely around the house. \ I like to watch movies or read a good book when I feel lonely, to keep my mind busy 
I tried following a recipe for vegan cookies and they turned out horribly. \ Uh oh. What went wrong?
I don't know. I followed the steps, but when they were out of the oven, they just fell apart and basically turned into crumbles.  \ That's too bad. Did they taste okay though?
Last week I was not feeling well at all. I missed a couple days of work and was so tired by the time I went back in. \ Aw, that stinks. What was wrong? Were you sick?
I had the flu. The day I went back to work, I was so tired that I forgot to change out of my pajamas before going in! \ Wow! That's insane! I'm sorry that you had that experience! Hopefully you didn't miss too many days of work. 
I was excited my first day of college. I was excited to start my next chapter \ So, you are not anymore?
It was a long time ago \ Did you graduate?
President Trump annoys the hell out of me. \ Why does he do that
Because he is a total jackass. \ I guess thats a reason
I just saw an old tv show on tv and it reminded me of the old days \ Heck yeah!  I love old tv shows!  What was it?
That 70s show. I guess it wasn't that old but it is for me. \ Yeah.  It's kind of old now.  Was a really good show for its time until the RANDY DAYS
I love my mom so much \ Me too. Moms are the bees knees.
Yeah.  She took care of us 3 kids all by herself.  Now she's doing really good for herself \ My mom did too. Your mom sounds incredible.
I'm confident I'm going to hit my new bench press max tomorrow at the gym!  \ Congrats! I'm sure you will, I love going to the gym. I mainly do cardio.
Yeah working out is great! I love cardio as well, makes you feel alive! \ Defenitly! I use to run track in high school and was active duty Army so running has always been a big part of my life.
I'm moving in a few months to a new state, I'm starting to feel nervous. \ Ah, yeah moving can be hectic! Are you moving somewhere you want to be?
To my husband hometown so it'll be new for me but he is excited to be back near family. \ That's a positive at least, good luck on the move!
I have been excited to sell this stuff around my house i never use. I'm making pretty good money! \ Awesome! I need to have a garage sale.
I feel like I don't have enough stuff for a garage sale but I really do. My house is pretty small so I have to chose what I need lol. \ I can understand that! I don't like clutter.
My son just started to take his first steps. \ Wow! That's amazing. I remember when mine started. It's off to the races soon! 
That is the truth, we will be chasing him soon. \ Two words of advice... baby gates :)
My flight got cancelled and I missed my son's birthday. \ Aw man. I'm sorry. How old did he turn?
Thanks. He turned 5. He really wanted me to be there and I am so devastate that I couldnt be there for him. \ It'll be ok. As long as both of you guys are healthy.
My brother is going to do great things! \ I sure hope so, do you think he is a determined and intelligent person?
Yup, he is super dertimined too! \ Nice, you must be proud of him being your brother.
Last week I had to babysit my new born nephew whilst my sister went on vacation! \ That was very nice of you. I am sure that your sister appreciated that.
She did. She said I cared for him so well that he looked very healthy and happy when she returned. \ That is great.
My family and I became zoo members this week. \ Nice, do you get to go the zoo any number of times you want for free?
You do, you can go every day of the year if you want! \ Sounds like a dream for any animal lover! I am guessing you must be one as well!
I found a hair in my food while eating at a restaurant with my boyfriend \ Ewww, I hope you complained so they can fix the problem! That is defenitly a health violation.
I should've! I kind of brushed it off because it was one of my favorite restaurants, and it looked like a short and thin hair, like an eyelash.. \ Oh okay! Hopefully it isn't a constant problem, that would suck to loose your favourite resturant.
I saw a dog get hit by car today on the highway. \ Oh no!!! Did you see what happened to the dog?!
It was pretty tramatic, I still see the dog getting hit in my head and the sound. No, I was on my way to work, I couldn't stop :( \ That's so sad! What on earth is a dog doing around a highway?! That just breaks my heart.. 
I remember going to the beach every year when I was young. Wish I could do that again. \ i know how you feel, being young and at the beach was a fun time
It was the best.  I really miss those special memories with my family.  It makes me want to do that with my kids. \ you can make new memories and your kids can fondly look back at them as you do to yours
yesterday, i was drinking a glass of milk. When i put the glass back down, a fly was swimming in the milk \ Ohhhh, disgusting.  What did you do?
first i did not know what it was, than i realized it was a fly, i was about to throw up \ I bet, what a terrible feeling!
i know, flies are filthy creatures  and plus they produce maggots, yuck \ Oh man, your making it even worse.  I never even thought about that.  Now I want to throw up.
My son just left for college and I don't want to throw away his old comic books and trophies.  \ Aww that's really sweet. I understand being sentimental about that sort of stuff. Do you feel like you have to?
Yes I am really attached to his stuff. He told me get rid of his old stuff but I think I will let him know I just can't do it.  \ You should just keep it for now. He may think that stuff is corny now, but later in life he will be glad you kept it.
I can't even begin to tell you how nervous I was about my first tattoo. \ I can understand the anxiety. Its a whole new different experience for first timers!
Definitely! I get lightheaded when I see my own blood, and my pain threshold was low at the time. It turned out great though, and now I have several! \ Same thing happens to me. I sometimes faint at the sight of a needle! Its good that your experience went well! Now you wont be nervous anymore. 
I ate the last of my roomie's ice cream. \ Haha how dare you. lol just kidding. What kind?
It was some Hagen Daz strawberry. Soo good, but I feel so bad about it haha. \ Ooooo i understand why you did.
Someone wrecked my car the other day. I'm so mad. \ Oh that's awful! Will insurance cover it?
Yes but I have whip lash. \ That's terrible. I hope you can get some compensation and feel better.
You ever just have a good week where nothing bad happens? \ Yeah, not in awhile, but I definitely know that feeling.  Are you having a great week?
Yeah it's pretty good actually!  Nothing bad happened (knock on wood) and I can't really complain :D \ That's awesome, I hope it stays that way!
Got everything packed and ready for my camping trip this weekend. Should be a great time. \ Hey that's awesome!  Where ya going?
Out in the woods near a friend's place, haven't been in a long time! \ Yeah I haven't either.  I bet it's gonna be awesome.  Bring plenty of beer :D
I am incredibly lucky to have a stranger return my new phone when I lost it on the bus. \ That is extremely lucky.  It's nice to know there are still good people in the world.
For sure. I had already written off finding my phone but this random person sure surprised me! \ Wow.  That sure saved you a lot of money on replacing a phone, too!
I hate being alone, but my wife and kids have gone on vacation with her family this summer. \ Oh no really, that really sucks to hear. Why were you not able to go?
I had to stay home and work. \ It is sad that you can not go, but you are making a good sacrifice to make sure your family will be able to survive. Also you could use the alone time to do stuff you are not able to do with them around!
I need to clean my trash can. \ Filled up? You better clean it before it overflows!
It is super gross. Not yet but just the smell is horrid. \ Ew, yeah, definitely sounds like it needs a good cleansing!
I'm furious, my cell phone bill this month is 200 dollars more than last months. \ Wowza, did you call to complain?
That's what I'll be doing next thing tomorrow, they didn't even give me a reason! \ Phone companies are notorious for this. I hope you are able to resolve.
I was holding my brother's newborn earlier today... I held them up a little bit, with them facing down at me, and they puked all over me. Pretty cool. Can't get the smell of baby vomit out of my nose. \ I have had that happen to me many times.
Yeah, it was kind of a wake-up call, since I'm of the age to have children. Like, "Well, this is what I have to look forward to." I'm not wild about the idea of having to deal with getting little sleep and having to deal with their bodily fluids. But I know it will make my wife happy. \ It is definitely  a lot of work, but it is the best type of work I have ever done.
My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had idea! \ That was nice of him. What idea did you have? As in how to return the favor or something?
Sorry, I meant no idea. I was so happy and shocked. \ Ohh... hah, that makes more sense. Then he did his job well. Good on him. But more importantly, congratulations to you for graduating! I know the feeling.. I'm close to graduating myself, and I can already feel the excitement. I hope no one surprises me with a party though.. too shy of a nerd for that.
My ex girlfriend was flirting with these guys right in front of me. She loves the attention. \ That's kind of disgusting. I'm glad she's your ex. That says much more about you than her. How did you respond to it?
I played it cool and then broke up with her a few days later. \ Oh, that happened WHILE you were still dating? Man.. good call. The nerve of some people, and how immature they can be. I don't get how that wouldn't make someone cringe.
Went on the very first job interview after graduating. I was nervous, but I felt like it went fairly well. They said they would contact me soon, but it's been a week. I'm not sure what I should do at this point, but I'm staying positive. \ They probably have to interview everyone else but it sounds promising!
That's true.. I guess I hadn't thought of that. I kind of just framed it as, "Aren't I good enough? Then your search should be over!" But it would be dumb not to explore all options available. But this waiting is rough... \ I bet it is! and I am sure you ARE good enough. Plus the way I see it if one door shuts another opens you know? Keep your head up 
My baby boy just moved out to be on his own this last weekend. \ Aw it must so hard to let them move on to their own. 
It is.  It is the very thing we raise them to do, but it is so hard to let go.  After we got him all moved into his new home, I returned home and opened the family photo album to reflect on all of my 4 children.  I'm proud of them all, but I sure miss the days of their presence in my home.  \ I completely understand. My little baby just went off to college and although I miss him terribly, I am also proud of him.
Ahh, the joys of visiting home. My mom fixed me 3 course meal of my most favorite dishes!  \ That sounds amazing!  Mom's food is ALWAYS the best.
I agree, always! I felt so content that I instantly fell asleep and ended up staying overnight! \ Wow!  That sounds like an amazing visit.  
i have done a very bad thing and feel terrible about it \ Oh no, what did you do?
i have been unfaithful to my spouse and have been lying about it. everything just came out \ how did they find out?
i ate my wife's leftovers while she was taking a nap \ haha. has she found out yet? i bet she was mad
nah she hasn't yet but she is going to be pissed \ i would be too!
Our home was broken into right after we moved in. I was so mad! \ That sounds like a nightmare! Hopefully no one was hurt.
It was. I am so thankful we were not home. \ Did they take a lot of things?
I'm signed up to go sky diving soon for the first time. \ That will be fun. I went for my 18th birthday and it was exciting.
Nice. I'm nervous about it but also looking forward to it. \ Get the video, It is worth it!
I remember when movies actually focused more on the plot and acting rather than the special effects. I miss those times. \ I completely agree. It used to be about the story line and the character development. 
Hopefully it goes back to that, after all the special effect hype dies down! \ I hope so, too. Meanwhile, you can just watch old movies.
I'm supposed to be on a diet, but today I ate a bunch of Hershey's Kisses. \ Ah, couldn't resist? Just make up and eat well tomorrow!
Absolutely. I don't know why I even have them in the house.  \ Yeah, you should hide them at least!
I am going to my favorite restaurant tomorrow i cant wait  \ That's cool. What are you gonna eat there?
Shrimp and fried rice. It is a Japanese place \ Oh sweet is it one of those where they cook it in front of you?
Something nice happened to me yesterday \ That is nice, what happened?
I got a birthday card in the mail from an uncle I haven't heard from in forever \ That is awesome, hopefully yall can continue your relationship
I remember when I was in 8th grade, I had to sing the national anthem at my middle school graduation in front of hundreds of students and parents \ It must have been nerve wracking! Did you do well?
I was so nervous that I actually started choking up! Good thing people thought it was the microphone malfunctioning! \ Ha! When in doubt, just blame it on the microphone!
So yea, last night my brain decided to replay a moment from high school when I forgot my lines in the live drama. \ Oh gosh! That must have been embarrassing. What happened?
It was! I just completely blanked and started stuttering and mumbling. Eventually another actor came to the rescue and queued me back in. \ Thank goodness for them! Did you not study your lines enough? Or you were just too nervous?
One day after work, I was sitting at a table with one of my coworkers and my boss. I was 14 at the time and we worked in a bakery. I said something about brown cows and chocolate milk. That was when i realized that chocolate milk didnt come from brown cows.  \ Haha too funny! Wow 14?! Suprised you didn't learn it earlier haha 
I know! I felt so dumb. We all laughed so hard.  \ I bet, thats a great memory! lol
I love my husband! He has been so sweet this week! \ Aww! That is so cute! Has he done something special this week that made him extra sweet?
He knew I had a rough day today so he brought home my favourite wine and Taco Bell! It's the little things :) \ That is so sweet of him. Its definitely the little things. 
i feel lost without my dog! \ I am sorry, they are sweet animals
yea my dog ricky! from the secret life of pets \ That is adorable
I felt real bad when my mom got sick bad. I had to take care of her \ oh i hope she got better
She did eventualy \ well thats great news!
i have to give a presentation on Monday, I don't think I'm ready \ is there anything that you can do to help prepare yourself?
i think i'm ready but it is the waiting  to give it , I just want it to be over \ yeah i can understand that!! id want to get it over with too. the sooner the better
i was going to order some tshirts online,but the website is from the ukrane and seems pretty sketchy \ i agree with you there, I do not trust those eastern bloc countries.
it just did not seem like a safe pay site. so even though i cannot find these items anywhere else, i decided not to buy \ you made a wise choice, not only will you not get your t-shirt most likely they will steal your credit card information and use it
My boyfriend thought it would be funny to stand behind my door and scare me. I shrieked. \ My husband does that all the time to! Must be a guy thing haha
So mean!! I had coffee in my hand he made me spill it on the carpet. He takes advantage of how much of a scaredy cat I am! \ Wow, I hope he cleaned it up for you. I would be pissed hah I take coffee very serious.
It's been a great week!  \ Good! What's been going on?
I got a promotion at work that I wasn't expecting!  \ Woo! Congrats on that! That's always a nice surprise. What do you do?
Man.  Only a couple weeks to go!!! \ That's a loaded statement.. Can you unpack that for me? What are you so excited about that's coming up?
The family and I are going on a vacation to Florida.  So pumped!! \ Oh, right on. Do you guys not have school starting already though? Maybe you guys have kids that aren't school-aged. Anyway, I've only been a couple of times, to go to Disney World. Is that where you guys are going? If so, I hope you have a good time!
My cat dragged a freakin OWL into the house through the dog door the other night. I came home at midnight to a pitch black house, went up the stairs, and something flew over my darn head. Turned the light on and he was staring back at me... \ hahahaha that's so funny.  Did you get it out of the house?
Yeah, my brother helped me. Made up some contraption with a fishing net and tying some wire around the netting, so when you pulled on the wire, it snapped the netting opening shut. Then we transferred it into a trash bag and let it loose. That thing was so spooky man. Cats... bleh. \ Dang that's creative!!
Its been cloudy all day and I think it will rain heavily pretty soon! \ Rainy days are perfect for being lazy.
I agree, I think I will just sit back and listen to some good jazz and read a book! \ That sounds relaxing.
I got lost in an unfamiliar part of town. \ Oh my, it must have been scary for you being in an unknown area,
I was, luckily a stranger was able to help me get back on track. \ What a good Samaritan! Be careful next time and carry a phone with you just in case. 
My friend just bought a car that I have been trying to afford for months! \ What car is it?
Its a Tesla. I am beyond envious of him. It might take me another 3 years before I can buy one. \ Those are nice cars, but keep working, it will come in due time
I am really excited for the new super smash bros, it looks awesome so far! \ I agree, looks like a great game to play with friends! When is it coming out?
It comes out December 7th of this year! \ That is actually not far! I can see what I am going to be doing over the holidays! 
I know my wife will be there for me, good or bad. \ That's awesome, thats a kind of woman every man needs in their life.
Yes, I got married later in wife. So I am lad I waited for the right women. \ I'm happy for you, I'm sure she feels the same about you!
I'm in high spirits with my new job, I have a feeling I'm going to love working there.  \ What new job did you get?
It's a graphic design job, something I've been doing a while but I really like the vibe at my new company! \ That is great news, hopefully it goes well.
Music is a powerful thing. Sometimes it feels like it can transport you to another time and place. You know what I mean? \ Yeah exactly!  Music is awesome.  
Who can deny it? My dad passed away 2 years ago. Sometimes I put on his old records and imagine what it would have been like to hang out with him in the 70s. \ Yeah he sounds amazing.  Sorry for your loss friend :(
My neighbor is so luck \ Oh yeah, what makes you say that?
lucky**    Because a large meteor landed over there on his property and he gets to keep it!! \ What an incredible stroke of luck! I hope he lets you check it out, really get your hands on it!
I wasn't too sure I got the right hairstyle but today a stranger complimented me on my hair!  \ What'd they say exactly?
They said it looks beautiful and unique. I feel so much more confident now! \ What kind of hairstyle was it?
A few of my co-workers said they'd be absent next week \ Oh my, I hope that doesn't mean more workload for you.
Yeah, I hope we don't get a ton of work while they're gone \ Maybe you should ask for overtime pay just in case you do get more work!
watching old black and white western tv shows really brings back good memories of my grandparents \ That must make you feel good. Any favorites? 
it does. i really dont have a favorite, i never paid attention to them too much as a kid. but i do rember bonanza \ Ah yes that is a good one. Where you close with them?
My ex and I went to Branson a few weeks ago. It was so much fun! \ i have never gone. was it really that much fun going with an ex though?
well we broke up afterwards lol. But the trip was still fun. There are some cool things to do there depending on where you live.  \ maybe i will check it out. i have heard good things about Branson
My tooth has been killing me lately. \ Why is that?
I don't know, but I have a dentist appointment next week. I hate going and I really don't want to. \ That is good then, I hope they can fix it for you!!
I get sentimental about my girlfriend, she means a lot to me \ That is really sweet. It sounds like you really love her.
I sure do, I hope things work out! \ It seems like you know what to do to make it work.
So my first day of college my girlfriend decided to break up with me. This is after 3 years of dating. \ Why did she break up?
Said she didn't love me anymore. For 2 weeks i didn't do any homework didn't even go to class half the time for those weeks. \ Did she give you a reason why she didn't love you anymore?
I needed to use my car to drive somewhere, but couldn't \ What happened with your car then?
My car was hit while parked \ Ugh! that stinks! Did you found out who did it?
I was feeling kind of down so I ended up snuggling with a stuffed rabbit I have. It brought back a lot of good old memories.  \ Never too old or too manly to snuggle a stuffed animal. My mom said I used to carry this blanket with me when I was a toddler, everywhere I went. I wish I still had it. If I did, I'd consider using it again, or at the very least passing it down to my own kid. What's the harm, you know? If something gives you comfort and doesn't bother anyone else, there should be no shame.
Awe yeah thanks. He's pretty soft even though he some derpy eye that point in opposite directions. Brings me a lot of comfort and reminds me that someone cares. \ Well, if I were you, I'd keep it up, whether or not my spouse laughed at me, or a new girlfriend/boyfriend, whatever. It's not childish to me. Life is stressful enough. Let us snuggle what we want.
I spent this entire summer thinking I was going to lose weight, that I was going to be good on my diet and workout. I did neither. I stayed inside, played video games, ate horribly, and got grumpy ate everybody who reminded me of my promise. Now winter is coming and it's going to be even harder to motivate myself. \ Oh no, I'm sorry that sounds awful disappointing. If it's any consolation I think it's easier to diet than to work out. THe old phrase "can't outrun the fork."
I had never heard that phrase before, but I like it. Yeah, I'm throwing myself a big pity party right now. It's all my own fault though, no one else to blame. My wife tries to cook healthy meals, and encourages me. I just have to not let stress get me to overeat. We'll see how the winter goes. \ I'm sorry. What has really helped my friend has been not keeping any snacks in the house and cutting out most bread. HE really struggles with bread and sugar though.
I have to take a plane trip next week, I'm not looking forward to it and I have to take a plane trip next week, I'm not looking forward to it. \ Yeah, flying can be scary.
i know, just the idea of being in a plane up in the sky, scares the bejesus out of me \ Hopefully it isn't a long flight.
My friend just bought a new Range Rover. \ that sounds cool, they are a great vehicle
I know, I am so envious of him. \ you shouldn't be, it just a material object that has no lasting meaning
I left my young daughter with my friend. I totally trust her though, she will be a great mom someday! \ thats awesome that you trust her
yeah she is a great person.  she is a little younger than me. \ its hard to find good people you can trust with your kids nowadays
my grandmother passed yestserday. she was the one who raised me \ oh im so sorry! it hurts when our parents leave us.  my uncle, who was basically my father, died in april.
yeah. i was fine yesterday but today has been hard. i usualy dont  show much emotion but i cant help it. \ it's ok to feel however you are feeling. it's normal. you never get over it, but you do learn to live with it.
My dog got hit by a car. \ Aw! That's horrible, I'm sorry to hear that.
He did not live. I've never felt so sad before. \ That's so sad, I don't even know what to say!
I'm very disappointed in the pizza I ordered. It was pretty much burnt with no toppings! \ That's awful. Are you going to complain to the restaurant?
Yeah, I already did, they gave me credit but overall its a very disappointing supper! \ What kind of toppings did you order?
Every time I watch baseball, I think of my grandpa. \ Why does baseball remind you of him?
Cause we use to go to the games together. \ Those must be great memories.
I have to build an IKEA dresser tomorrow. \ That must of been no fun.
It's not fun but I am sure I can build it. \ Prepare to spend hours on it, the directions are always bad.
I bought all the ingredients, learned the recipe, and now its time to make a pizza! \ Yum! I had pizza as well tonight, although I didn't make it.
You must have ordered it. I usually like homemade pizza on weekends like today! \ Yes I did, I need to learn how to cook one by myself!
I came home to a huge pile of dog poop, it was absolutely disgusting. \ Ugh, do you know how it got there?
No, that's the worst part! I don't even have a dog! \ Oh my goodness! Do you think an intruder got in and used your house as a washroom for his dog?
Some random guy was in my backyard, I didn't realize before I looked outside that I was missing pants. \ Oh no! That is really creepy, why is he in your backyard?
Turns out he was the cable guy fixing a wire. Still mad he didn't ask permisson first.  \ Yeah, that's illegal I think, they need to at least knock or ring the door bell!
I'm worried about my job interview tomorrow, I really want this job. I hate this feeling! \ I'm sure you will do fine! Just be confident, what is the job/
It's for a graphic design job, I've never worked in the field but it has always been a passion of mine. \ Oh wow that sounds exciting! I'm sure you'll do great, just express that passion!
So the new paper boy tried to toss the paper over the fence and ended up breaking my window. \ Haha i am sorry to laugh. Is it an expensive window to fix.
I suppose its funny now but I was furious in the morning! It might cost me a couple of hundred to get it fixed!  \ Damn, I am sorry that happenened.. did you talk to the paper boy?
My dog and cat can't seem to get along. \ Sorry to hear that. Have you tried encouraging them to play together?
Yes everything. My dog is too stubborn. \ Oh no, is he territorial? He will warm up eventually when he realizes the cat is a family member.
I was so sad when my hamster died recently due to a heart attack. Maybe I shouldn't have fed him so many cheetos. I cry every day thinking about him. \ Oh I am so sorry. It's OK, it probably wasn't the cheetos that got him - rodents just don't have a long lifespan. I hope you feel better.
Thanks for the kind words. I really miss him so much. I will never find another pet quite like Bubbles. \ Rest in Power bubbles. You were, I'm sure, a hamster among hamsters.
My family is still hasn't recovered from the untimely passing of my father two years ago. \ I am so sorry to hear that. It can't be easy for you and your family.
My siblings and I are managing, and have found some peace. My mother is a different story. It was just so sudden and unexpected. \ No doubt it will take time to process. I wish your family the best. Stay strong my friend.
I'm terrified of meeting my girlfriend's parents tomorrow. She said they never like her choice of boyfriends! \ Do you think you can impress them?
I'm going to do my best, she did say she thinks they will like me unlike her past boyfriends. \ I believe in you, just project yourself confidently!
Driving is such a scary thing for me, it was my first time. \ It definitely can be, just learn to drive defensively!
I just don't quite know how to steer the car. \ You will learn with experience and I'm sure you will be a great driver!
I heard a storm was coming and I got really scared! \ That's bad. I feel sorry for you 
I am glad it wasnt as bad as they predicted \ Oh god. Thanks. I feel care for you. 
OKay. I care for everyone \ well you sound like a good person
Thanks, I hope I am. You sound like one too \ why thank you!
I have to make a brisket tomorrow. \ Are you prepared? Do you have all the ingredients?
I am so ready to do it.  I have everything. \ Nice. I am sure it will taste great then.
I went through an old photo album that I didn't even know existed when I was cleaning out my attic! \ Did it bring back good memories?
Yes it sure did. It hit me with a wave of nostalgia and brought back some great moments. \ Sometimes it's fun to look back.
its so hard to find a reliable person to babysit nowadays \ I can understand your frustration.
yeah,there are a lot of creepers or malicious people in the world \ I am sure you can find a friend to help out.
I lost my credit card and someone charged 500 dollars on it. \ did you call your card company?
Yeah, but it's a big hassle.  I am so angry about it. \ i dont blame you. that is a very annoying thing to have to deal with
Halloween is scary stuff that's for sure. \ Do little kids dressed as witches and ghosts frighten you?
No we went to a haunted house and I got chased often. \ That's understandable. I've always been too scared to go to a haunted house. I get spooked easily.
I've got a week off from work. Time to sleep in and binge watch my favorite shows. \ What shows are your favorite? That must be nice.
I like It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. I'm rewatching it for the third time \ Must be nice, got any nice snacks?
The policeman was nice bringing me home. \ That is a very nice thing for him to do. Where did he pick you up?
I crashed my dirtbike so he drove me home but i was scared of him. \ Wow were you ok? Lucky you didn't have to go to the hospital!
I just gave my best friend a key to my house. I have known him my whole life and I feel safe with him having access to my home. \ Why did you give him access to your home though?
He is a good friend so I wanted him to be able to come by when I am not there and check on things. Also if he wants to hang out for a while. \ That makes sense, you guys going to hangout soon?
I hesitated before getting on the rollercoaster because it looked so scary!  \ im terrified of rollercoasters
Same. But the thrill that you feel is worth the terror and tension!  \ i agree, i just get on and close my eyes
tonight i tripped while out at dinner, total clums \ Oh my, I hope you weren't embarrassed about it, if it was a good trip?
Yes, i totally was! \ Nice! I would love to go on trips except that my boss wouldn't like it if I did! 
I recently came across my old high school year book.  \ Did it help you rewind the old times? 
Yes, definitely. Was a great trip down memory lane. \ I agree, thats why I always keep my old year books around when I feel like I need a break from the present.
I already booked my flight for vacation before requesting a leave from work! \ Oh no! That's exciting and terrifying. Do you think it will work out?
I sure hope so! I am quite hopeful that I will get my holiday approved since I have worked overtime for 3 months! \ In that case I'd say you very well deserve it! I hope you get it.
I remember when people used to be more courteous. \ How so?
When strangers would say hello and good morning.  Those were the good old days. \ Ah yea now everyone is stuck staring at there phones.
I have a flight coming up and i absolutely hate flying. \ Yeah, flying is the worst.
I think im going to take some sleeping pills and attempt to sleep. \ You can also have some drinks too!
I accidentally didn't confess all my sins oops. \ Oh you left some out then? Were they worse ones?
I sometimes disobey my parents. \ Ah I am also guilty of that one. I believe we all are in some ways.
I'm a bit let down by my workplace recently \ How come, what are you doing wrong at work?
Well we had vacation we were promised, and I planned for, but then due to an emergency it all was cancelled. \ I'm sorry to hear that, you must be so let down.
I love my wife so much! \ That ig good to hear! How long have you been together?
We have been together for 10 years.  I would never cheat on her. \ Aww that's a significant amount of time.
I accidentally hurt my dog pretty bad. \ Oh no, what happened?
I accident closed the car door on his tail. \ I hope your dog makes a full recovery!
I have a job interview coming up! \ How exciting! Do you feel like you are ready?
Yeah I'm pretty sure I got this!! \ It is great to be confident. I am sure you will knock the interview out of the park!
There is nothing I can complain about. I have a nice house, a great family and a decent job. Life is good. \ Hey that's awesome!  Any plans this weekend?
Not at the moment. I do count my blessings every day. I realize how fortunate everything has gone well for me. \ Yeah that's good that you're keeping a level head about it.  And realize that anything can happen at a moments notice.  I tend to appreciate what I have in my life as well.
I felt alone one summer. All of my friends were away it seemed \ I felt the same way. 
Its not a good feeling \ Are they coming back soon?
I have to pay out of pocket for school now. Its gonna take forever \ That is never a good thing to do
I can only take a few classes since I work and have kids. Its really sad \ You will get through it
I was really stressed out and grad school and had no choice but to drop out to keep my sanity. \ Good choice. You're health is more important than some grad degree. 
That is what I was thinking at the time, but I've been having a really tough time finding a job where I can advance into a higher position. I always seem to get positions with no mobility. \ I think nowadays employers just want experience. So it should be easier once you have that. 
Last month I found out my son decided to drop out of college without telling me. \ Oh no that sounds terrible. Hopefully it's not as bad as some of those stories I have read about where they go so far that they fake having the degree.
Its worse. He decided to use my tuition money to pay for his drug addiction. I am so disappointed in him. \ Oh my gosh that sounds so awful. I'm sorry. Maybe you can try getting him into rehab, I hear it's hard for someone to stop once they start.
My mom has taken on my brother's two children in the interim while he deals with social services, for getting in trouble with the law. She's in her 60s, and she's handling a 2-year-old and 7-year-old, while working full time. I'm proud of her. \ Your mom must be a strong woman.
I love her. She has so much patience to deal with it all, and she does it all with kindness, and tries to be as loving as possible to the children. But I wish she were harder on my brother. Sometimes I feel like she enables him, by how much she helps him, and prevents reality from slapping my brother in the face. Either way, she's a great woman. \ That sounds so troubling.  You should get on your brother's case.
I accidentally bounced a check today. \ What a bummer. Did you have any sort of coverage for it? And how did you do it accidentally?
No, I thought my deposit had cleared but it won't for a couple more days.  I am so upset I did that. \ Hopefully you can get through the rough patch in the interim. 
I work as a self-employed transcriptionist. I told my client I'd have work done this week, but my university classes also started this week... and things kind of got away from me, and they won't be done. I'm worried he's going to just tell me he'll have someone else do them, and I'll lose his business. \ Yeah well you only have so much time to work with. Time management is one of the most important skills you can learn.
Yeah, definitely. And it's one of my worst skills. I don't really have an excuse. I have to get better at handling stress. \ The most important thing is to realize you need improvement. Some people like to blame everything else but themself!
It was so awkward when I realized I had worn my wife's dress to work the other day. My first clue something was wrong was when I felt I was wrapped like a stuffed sausage. \ Maybe you unconsciously wanted to wear it. Maybe you have some hidden desires your subconscious wanted to explore for you? What if you went and did it again the next day, to see if you liked it?
That thought crossed my mind but my wife didn't want me ripping her clothes. Luckily I had another suit in the office I changed into. \ It's time to go online and buy some summer dresses for yourself. Explore your femininity, man. It's 2018. Anything goes. Bruce/Caitlyn Jenner, etc. Summer isn't over. Put those hairy legs on display and strut your stuff in those dresses. Get flowery ones, too!
I felt good about my job interview, I think that I have a good chance to get the job \ Whoop Whoop! That's awesome! I hope you get the job.
Thank you, I appreciate it! \ No problem! Is this a career like job?
I won tickets to my favorite show! Yahoo! \ What show is it?
A music show, its my favorite band. \ What band is it?
I'm back in my old college town for the first time since graduating. It's weird how many memories flood back from just physically being in a space. I'm seeing all the places I used to eat, my old apartment, my campus, and my friends here and there... makes me wish I could go back \ Yeah, it's weird going back to college.
Definitely. And also seeing the people. Some grow up, some don't. Some want to be the same kind of person that they were in college, and drag you down with them when you see them again. Have to make sure I avoid those. \ Oh yeah, bad influences.  When I look at my student loan payments, I don't miss college.
I saw a grown woman pick her nose and eat it earlier.  \ Okay, so I never understood why people ate it. What is it about it that makes them want to do that? I just flicked mine. And I thought it stopped at a child's age. Really interesting.
I was so grossed out by it.  I think it has to be a oral fixation or something like that. \ I've heard of oral fixations before, but only in the context of like chewing fingernails and smoking cigarettes, etc. But I guess if I think about it, a lot of people chew fingernails, and I'm sure that's just as bad bacteria-wise. Maybe the booger eaters are on to something.
I was traveling last month and the airplane smelled like it hadn't been cleaned for months. \ That must have been unbearable. Did you complain to the staff about the smell?
I did because I was disgusted by it! Safe to say, I am never flying American Airlines again!  \ Good, I would avoid that airline too.
I tripped on some steps in front of a whole bunch of people on my way to class. \ Ah, I hate when that happens! How embarrassed were you?
It was pretty humiliating. I fell flat on my face. \ Sorry to hear that. Hopefully you're not seriously hurt! 
I kept thinking I had left the front door unlocked whilst I was on vacation! \ That is a terrible feeling. I saw a movie where a family actually left their kid at home. That would be the worst.
Sounds like Home Alone! Yes I was so anxious the entire time that I could not even enjoy myself. \ Well I hope everything turned out ok. Maybe you can send a friend to check your door.
I am so looking forward to the next Avatar sequel. It seems like I have been waiting forever. I am growing impatient. \ Avatar the Airbender or James Cameroons Avatar?
James Cameron's Avatar. I love sci fi and cant wait to see what happens to the Na'vi next. \ Ah yes it has been a long time since that movie came out! It has some of the best CGI ever.
I am upset the Eagles lost yesterday, they lost to the worst team in the league, and got shutout \ They just didnt play like a team and its no surprise that happened.
I guess not, but they will put it together soon \ I hope so, they shouldnt be getting beat like that. 
I woke up and saw someone staring at me in the middle of the night! \ Who was it?
It was just come creep from next door! It was still very terrifying and I had to tell him to leave or I would call the police. \ Uh I would have called the police, did they have a reaon?
I am worried about my upcoming court date. :( \ I wish I could relate, but I've never had to go to court. I hope it goes smoothly for you. All I've ever heard is to dress appropriately and to speak as respectfully as you can as possible. 
Yea that's what my attorney keeps telling me. I don't want to have to pay a large fine. \ I hope for your sake that you don't have to, either. But this doesn't have to define you. How you respond can, though. If you're mentally tough, it will be a bump in the road. I guess do whatever you can to maintain healthy focus.
I was.. at home alone.. doing some self-pleasuring, if you will... and my roommate almost walked in on me. I managed to jump into my closet while pulling up my pants before he could see me. So happy I didn't have to have that awkward conversation \ Haha good timing by your roommate. Does he not knock?
He did.. and I said, "Hold up," but I guess he heard something else? I mean... c'mon man. It's annoying. I wish my door had a lock, but it's some old 1950s apartment complex and everything is old. I guess people from the 50s didn't need to lock their doors. Lucky them. But I guess they had lamer porn back then, too. \ Hahahaa that's funny. I am sure you can install a lick pretty easily if the door is wooden.
I love going back and playing Pokemon Emerald, that game was a massive part of my childhood \ I bet it brings back lots of great memories.
It sure does, I played that game for 600+ hours \ I do nit think I have heard of that game. Was it pretty popular?
My husband is training a new female employee at work. \ How does that make you feel?
I do not like it at all. He takes her to lunch everyday and I think it is wrong. \ I am sorry, I am sure he is just being nice for the sake of not getting in trouble!
My girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. I am sure that nothing shady will go on between them. \ Surely not, do you trust her. 
At first I was scared, but she has done nothing to make me worry about her in the past.  \ Then I wouldn't be worried, you can't live your life that way. If someone wants to cheat, they will find a way. 
The day my son was born was one of the best days of my life.  \ Congratulations! It must've been a very happy day for you and your family.
Thank you! It was a feeling like no other.  \ I could imagine. I one day hope to experience that feeling.
I have to go to a doctor's appointment on Monday. \ That is always a drag. I hope it is routine and nothing serious.
Yeah, it's just a checkup but hospitals make me so nervous. \ Oh yeah I know what you mean about hospitals. They are always so busy and you see lots of sick people.
My best friend got such a pretty girlfriend. I don't know how he does it. I look better than him but he gets the pretty girls. \ I totally know what you mean.
I wish I had the game he has. I think I need to cut my hair like him to get a better chance with the ladies. \ You also need some good pickup lines.
I don't know if you have experience with small children, but when my daughter was 3 years old, she spoke her mind all the time. \ Did she ever embarass you out in public?
Numerous times!  The most memorable was when we were checking out at the grocery store.  The cashier was a man that had an earring.  She promptly (and very clearly and loud) told him "Boys don't wear earrings and you need a haircut" \ Yikes, I hope they did not take that to heart too much...
I am ready for the new pokemon game, I am super excited, it looks like an amazing game! \ My girls seem to like the Pokemon Go game - is this a new one?
It is new, it integrates with pokmeon go actually! \ Tell me more about it - maybe it will be something my girls will like also.
One time my cat got ran over by a car \ Oh no! Thats horrible. Were you driving?
No, it was some person driving recklessly! \ Oh Gosh that is horrible. I am so sorry that happened to you.
I saw this amazing dog on the television the other day. \ Wow! What was the dog doing or what was the show about?
He was going through an obstacle course and it was suprising. \ Nice, I love watching cute dogs doing cool things!
I found a little girl that was lost wandering around the mall. I took her to one of the stores so they could call security. Her mother finally found her. \ That is crazy, how did they get separated?
No idea. Her mom was very appreciative I made sure that they were reunited. She gave me her number and I got a date with her tomorrow night! \ Oh wow, best of luck with that!
I am hoping I will get promoted at my job soon enough, that would be great \ I am sure you deserve it for all the hard work you do. I will send in my recommendation.
Haha, thank you, I appreciate it \ Sure, I wish there were more employees like you with such a strong work ethic.
I made the luckiest choice investing in bitcoin. \ How much money did you make with it? I assume most people would have sold before the peak out of fear of it crashing
I made thousands. enough tolive comfortable for a whole year! \ Holy cow, congratualtions, that sure is smart of you!
It was more luck :) \ Well still, it takes bravery!
5 \ Interesting...lol
I am not happy with how the Eagles played yesterday, they lost to the browns of all teams- by 5 points, 5-0, what a lame game \ I can't believe i made this much money with bitcoin.
Last year during the spring, our area got record rainfall. My basement ended up getting flooded and destroying many of my childhood things and keepsakes. \ That's the worst! Because now you'll be freaking out trying to think of the things you may not even remember whether or not could have been there. That must be an anxious feeling. 
It really is, it just sucks losing all of those things. They were like my connection to the past. \ Yeah, I'm not quite a hoarder or a packrat when it comes to those things, but I do get sentimental with some physical objects. If I lost them, I'd feel like it would be an itch I couldn't scratch, because I couldn't replace what I lost. Hopefully you can work past it somehow.
My mom is starting to develop dementia early. I feel like I'm losing such an important figure in my life much earlier than I should, even though she's still alive. Like, she struggles so much with daily activities and remembering who I am \ I am so sorry. I just recently lost my mother after years of her having alzheimer's. I wish there was some way I could help you, it is such a tough road.
Yeah, I'm not looking forward to going down it. I'll just try to carve out as much meaningful time with her as I can. I feel selfish sometimes though because there are times when I don't want to be around her because it depresses me how she's changed. I need to get over it. \ You are completely fine needing some time. There is nothing fair about something that takes your best friend and turns them into a stranger. Be there with her, but you have to take time to recharge yourself. No one can be strong all the time.
I am not happy with how the Eagles played yesterday, it was not good \ That game was suprising. The browns of all teams lol
I know, it was a shame, but it is only preseason \ Yea true and they used their back ups moostly. Foles is having a rough start.
I went for a ride on a roller coaster the other day and it rattled me. \ What coaster did you ride?
The mamba in KC. \ I have never heard of that, is it twisty or a big drop?
Just bought some luggage bags.  Getting ready! \ I just got done traveling myself! There's no better feeling than the anticipating of traveling. I love airports, especially, because of all the people-watching and the general atmosphere. I hope your trip goes smoothly!
Hey thanks!  I've never flown before.  We're driving down to Florida in a couple weeks.  Should be about a 9 hour drive! \ Oh, gotcha. My mix-up. Driving and road trips can still be just as fun. Kinda stinks if you're the only one driving, but at least you can come up with games to play. Plus.. it's cheaper. that's always nice.
Spent the entire summer with my long distance girlfriend, and now I'm back at home for university. Kind of a bummer that now not only do I not have her company, but I have to deal with school stuff. From one extreme to the other. \ Oh man I bet summer went by quick for you then.  Did you have fun together?
Yeah, we went to Estes Park, in Colorado, and hiked at the base of the Rocky Mountains. First time I ever saw mountains. Pretty cool experience. I had to drive the whole way to Colorado though, so I can relate to the road trip thing. \ Yeah.  That sucks you guys are apart now :(    I'd love to do a mountain trip like that though.
I am scared of how work is going to go, it is the start of our busiest period of the year \ It'll be OK :) How long does this busyness usually last for?
That period probably lasts about 2 months \ Oh that's not tooo bad...can you take your vacation during that time?
I moved to a new area and feel isolated because i don't know anyone. \ Why did you move?
A new job. \ oh, well it will come!
I am jealous of my coworker, he is very smart and athletic \ Some people have better cards then we do in life. It's how you play your cards though.
That is true, but I still catch myself wishing I was better \ Humans can't help that. But its what makes us strive to be better!
My cat is buts. he meows all night long. Its getting ridiculous. \ Why did you get a cat?
I love cats. They are sweet animals. \ They are, I hope yours behaves better in time
I was happy when i found my dog! \ Oh? How did you find him?
He came back on his own! \ Oh he must be a good boy then or girl.
I made a pizza the other day. Let it cool off but when i came back it was gone. \ what happened to it?
Ends up my brother stole it. Was so mad he did that. i even would of shared it. \ that stinks
I have had enogh of this summer heat. Cmon autumn! \ I agree. I love autumn.
It gets do hot in memphis. My daughter is ready for school to start back anyway, \ I love Memphis.
I was content with a B on my exam. \ It is a passing grade. I would be fine with it.
Yes I studied hard to pass. \ A guess an A would've been nice then since you worked so hard.
I stole money from my son's piggy bank. \ Why did you do that?
I need money for beer.  I feel so ashamed for my behavior. \ That is terrible, I hope things get better for you both
I am scared of this upcoming season wiht Wentz being hurt, the Eagles might be in trouble \ He should be recovered by the early part of the season.
I think so, but you just never know, and other players are injured as well to worry about \ Yeah, the Foles injury is more worrying.
I am scared of how work is going to go, it is the start of our busiest period of the year \ It's hard for me to empathize since I'm just in college right now. But my girlfriend is in a line of work that is the same way, and I hate to see her get so stressed out and all of her time eaten away because of work. I try to give her her space and to be understanding. Hopefully people do that with you, too.
Sometimes they do, it is tought though, it is way busier than it has been the past few months \ Well, if there's any way you can give them insight to what you're dealing with, so that they better understand, I would do it. My girlfriend spent 10 mins one day explaining to me what she dealt with, and it went a long way for me to not bother her as much about it
My classmates at university are so gossip-y. They get so catty with one another, and spread rumors behind each other's backs. We're in a small major, so everyone knows everyone in this group of 50 students, and a lot of them dislike each other for no good reason \ I get that, I have had jobs like that, some people just thrive on drama, they do not enjoy anything more than that
It seems like it, right? The things they chirp and fight about seem so pointless. Must be because they're bored, I dunno. I just stay out of it. \ I understand that, that is a great move by you, do not get sucked in
I won a small contest. So, my friend was there when I entered the contest, and he was the one that encouraged me to enter. Now that I won, he says he deserves some of the winnings because he was the one that made me enter. I disagree. But he keeps bothering me about it. \ Eh give him a dollar and tell him to enter the contest himself.
Yeah, I don't think that will fly. I won a prize and he wants to split the prize. He knows the odds are small. So since I won, he wants to forget about trying to do it himself, and just wants what I got. \ He doesn't sound too reasonable if you ask me.
I lsot my job the other day and am pretty lost myself. \ I hate sayings, but the one that goes, "Tough times don't last, but tough people do," really applies. Life is long. You have plenty of time to change your fortune, and you seem self aware enough to do it. I hope you can work your way back up.
Wow thank you for the kind words. I will do my best :0 \ Of course, but it doesn't really matter what I say, or what I think. You already knew all that stuff anyway. Everyone has to have confidence in themselves. Someone else's confidence makes no difference. But as long as you're alive, you've got a chance.
Wow what an absolutely amazing day! \ Why is it a great day?
My mother got me a new puppy, his names Jim. \ What type of dog is it?
A blue eyed husky, he's so jumpy and active. \ Wow, that is so cute, I hope he gets trained quickly!
I felt terrible when I broke our television a few weeks ago \ How did you break the TV?
a football :( \ Did your parents get mad at you?
My boyfriend is sick. He can't eat much so I made some soup for him \ You're sweet, what kind of soup did you make him?
I made chicken noodle soup.  \ I love chicken noodle, he must be so grateful.
Seeing my house burn down was so scary. \ Wow, I can't even imagine. What caused the fire?
The fire department said it was spontaneous combustion. \ Were you home when it started?
I just took a very hard test in math. Tomorrow I will see how I did \ Did you study for it?
Yes and I know I did really well. \ Great then! You can ace any "hard" test as long as you put in the work and time! I hope you did well.
I always get so happy during the holiday season. It's coming up soon \ Me too! What is your favorite part?
The Christmas lights around the neighborhood, the cold, the jazzy music, and everyone coming together and sharing presents and time with each other! It's an excuse for everyone to come home! \ I agree with you. I cannot wait. It is such a fun time
My best friend is coming to visit me tomorrow.  \ Cool!  What are you all gonna do? 
We are going to go clubbing! I am so happy to see her! \ That's awesome!!  I hope you have fun and be safe!
Man. This printer is GETTING ON MY NERVES!! \ I know right, some printers are just terrible.
We just got a new one at work and I swear I'm about to throw it outside \ I can feel your frustration. 
I had a meeting last week where I gave a presentation over the wrong documentation and no one said anything until after the meeting. \ I bet that was a little embarrassing.
After I figured out what I did, I sure was. Ate at my cube ever since I don't even want to make eye contact with anyone. \ I am sure it was not as bad as you think. 
We are supposed to get severe thunderstorms tomorrow. \ Oh wow, I love thunderstorms.... though I know they make some people really uncomfortable. 
I enjoy them if they don't get dangerous. I put together a storm emergency kit just in case. \ It's always good to be nice and prepared for anything. Better safe than sorry they always say. Good for you.
Today when I was walking home from the park a pit bull chased after me. \ Wow...Are you ok?
Yeah, it only wanted to play but I was scared for my life. \ Oh haha when you say pit bull i immediately think it could be a violent occurrence. I'm glad you are ok:)
I recently started dating again and i just can't wait to see her again. \ I hope it works out for you!
Thank you! I am glad i have something else to look forward to now a days. \ Be a gentleman and you will be golden.
Someone keyed my car at work today. \ Yikes!  Did you find out who it was?
I have no idea who, but I just got the car last week! \ Man that's awful.  Did you file a police report?
I started cleaning my attic yesterday \ I bet you found some cool stuff
Yeah I found my old NES!  I remember those days! \ Oh wow! Those were fun. Did you play it?
I am so happy eith the way things are going right now. \ Why are you happy
Everything is working out. Im working, in school, kids are healthy. Its just going well. \ That is nice to hear
It really hurt when my dad died randomly. It was the hardest thing I have been through \ I'm so sorry to hear that.
Yeah it was tough \ I lost my grandmother last year. It is a rough thing to go through.
I am at peace with myself after taking a nice hot shower \ Oh man, thats the best feeling in the world. Getting out of a shower especially if its into clean freshly laundered sheets.
Yes! I feel like a new person! \ It's such a wonderful feeling, I should take a shower soon too.
I have a really big meeting next week. I have rehearsed what I am to go over all this past week and plan to practice a little more this weekend.  \ Wow! What kind of meeting is it?
It's a meeting presenting a new product to the board. Big stuff and big money for the company. \ Dang! I hope you have successful meeting then!
I had to go to Walmart the other day to get my nephew a birthday present, he wanted Legos! \ I love Legos! They have gotten expensive though.
They really have!  I was standing in the aisle looking at all the options and it just hit me, I don't have Legos all over my living room floor anymore.  Talk about crying in the middle of Walmart because your kids have outgrown Legos! \ Yeah, thinking about old toys makes me somewhat sad.
I saw a man eat a 3 foot sub sandwich. \ WOW!  All by himself in one sitting??
Yeah, it was very inspiring to me. \ Are you hoping to do the same thing???!
I caught my boyfriend texting his ex \ Oh no, was it romantic texts?
It was definitely a bit flirty. I think he misses being with her \ That's sad. I hope you are OK.
I was shocked to see a well known good team defeat another well known bad team in a football game last night. \ Haha. Which one were you rooting for?
I am an underdog lover so the bad team. It was cool to see. \ Were you disappointed that they lost?
I know I broke up with my ex, but I can't help but feel irritated when he talks about going on dates. \ That must be weird to talk to your ex still.
We actually get along really well and are much better friends than a couple. I guess I still just get a littler territorial, i think he does too.  \ You must have feelings for him that are lingering.
I lost my wallet and someone found it and returned it to me. \ Oh that's quite luck and fortunate for you, I've never had a lost wallet returned.
I know right! I am so thankful for that person. \ I don't blame you. 
I can't believe my 'ex" best friend". he sarted dating my ex girl friend. \ Yuck!  I hate when friends do that!
I have never experienced something like this before. I can't help but feel rage. \ Yeah I don't blame you.  Time to find some new friends!
My appointment is coming up \ Are you nervous?
Not too bad.  Getting a colonoscopy done.  I hope it's going to be okay. \ Oh that's a standard prcedure. Have you ever had one?
Not yet.  This is my first one.  I'm hoping things will turn out okay! \ Everything will be fine:)
I was starting a new job and could not sleep the night before. I was feeling extremely anxious about the decision to change jobs. \ Did you ease your nerves?
Not really, but after the first day it was a lot easier and I knew that I had made the right choice. \ I'm glad everything worked out for you!
I had to go to lunch by myself today. \ Sometimes solitude can be a good thing. Were you hoping for company?
Yeah, I hate being by myself.  It makes me sad. \ Call me next time and I will go with you.
One year i filed false tax forms and i feel really bad about it. I feel like i cheated on society. \ have you been contacted by the IRS?
No but i want to somehow fix my mistake. \ well id say no news is good news
i went to the grocery store today and i saw a kid walking around alone crying \ Awwww, that's so sad. Was he lost?
yes. he could not find his mom. so i helped him find her \ Good job! There need to be more people like you in this world.
My favorite football team lost tonight. \ American football or soccer?
American Football.  When they lose I feel so unhappy. \ Yeah I bet.  Are you a Browns fan or something?
Man I bought this stupid new printer.  I paid a lot of money for it. \ That sounds like a bummer, what brand?
Brother.  It's a laser printer.   For some reason it don't work. \ Too bad you don't have a pond you can throw it into.
This lady at my grocery store was obssed with asking me my political party. I had to almost run away from her. \ shees! some people just dont understand some things others just dont care to talk about
I felt strange afterwards. I lost a little hope in society.lol \ it happens everywhere. some poeple are just too dense to realize . 
i was at a bar yesterday and a pretty girl was near and looking my way and started talking to me \ Wowza...how did it go?
well, turns out she wasnt talking to me but was talking to the person standing behind me! i even answered her and everyting \ Oh gosh....that is embarrassing. Were you able to recover? lol
This past wednesday, I left my class very late and there weren't many people outside, and a random car pulled up to the curb where I was. \ What happened?
I'm not too sure, but it was just dark and empty, and my first instinct was to just run, and that's what I did. The car didn't follow me thankfully.. maybe it was just random. But it was sketchy.  \ It's smart to play it safe. Sometimes we are unable to predict what other humans are capable of.
Exactly! It was really scary, and I would rather be safe than sorry.  \ You seem very smart;0
I love my dog. he will do anything for me. He scared home invaders away the other night. \ What a loyal dog! They are such good creatures. We humans don't deserve them. 
Haha i agree. We are too lucky evolution provided such wonderful cute creatures. \ I'm glad he was there to protect you! Hopefully it doesn't happen again because that's very scary. 
My grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. I don't know how to process this! \ I am very sorry to hear about your loss. take you were very close.
We were very close.  She live with me growing up with my mom and is like a second mother.  We talked everyday. \ I am sure she is in a better place now.
I am sue I will get a promotion at work. \ That is great to hear!  Part of being successful is being confident, and you sure sound confident!
