They have people coming in and out at all times of the night. Our doors are like 4 feet apart \ That's horrible - can you complain the complex or HOA?   Or figure out a way to cut their power is always an option?
I've got this big tote of photos that need to be organized.  But I can only seem to work on it for a few minutes at a time unfortunately. \ Thats going to take forever
Yep, but every time I start I get stopped by the tears that come when I see the pictures of our girls when they were small. \ Aw. I do that too. I still have my old cell phones with videos of mt babies doing nothing lol
I have my first acupuncture appointment tomorrow and do not know what to expect.  The idea of someone stabbing me with needles for an hour seems stressful \ hm is there a reason you are going? have you been experiencing chronic pain?
I have been having back and neck pain and my doctor referred me to try it out \ That sucks. I hope it helps!
Just me and my cat living the life \ Pets are great companions.  Mine follow me around everywhere and I am sure you cat does the same thing
hahaha My cat isn't that attached to me, but he somehow knows when I need him for comfort. \ Animals are pretty intuitive.  That are great at picking up people's moods I have found
There's this Japanese restaurant I keep passing on my way to work. I'm finally going to check it out this weekend \ Oh yeah? Was it any good?
Not sure yet. I'm trying it this weekend. \ Oh I see. What made you finally decide to try it out?
I don't think I will go outside in the dark ever again. \ uh oh. did something happen?
Yes, I was robbed at gun point while walking home from work. \ That must be traumatizing. Most people wouldn't want to go out alone after that. It's understandable.
I'm really happy with my life right now, I don't know if I want to add kids to it \ well that is def a big decision to consider
Yes, having kids is a huge interruption, I don't think I'm ready \ it is a life changer for sure. it will change the everyday activities in your life
i cant wait for my new car to be delivered to me tomorrow! \ That's exciting! What car did you get?
i got a 2018 subaru wrx \ Great car! I love Subarus, my favorite is the impreza with turbo
My girlfriend is the best \ Aw, that's so sweet. Why would you say such a thing?
I was sick all last week. She went to my classes, took notes and taught me everything I needed to know. \ Sounds like a great girlfriend. I am sure she will be around for whenever you need her like you did last week.
I went skydiving today. \ Oh sounds exciting! How'd it go
It was very exciting! It was very difficult jumping out of the plane...Never been so scared in my life. But afterwards, it was a blast. \ I should try it one day! Were you afraid of heights?
Last year, my brother gave a speech on independence day \ Oh what was it about? Was it for an event?
Yes for the event. It was about how he served his days in the military. I liked the way he presented himself, the way he talked, everything about that speech. I was very much influenced by my brother. \ That sounds like a touching moment. How wonderful for you!
I dropped my 5 dollar ice cream as soon as I left the store \ Ohh that's bad. How did you feel?
Just the worst, it was one of my favorite gourmet ice creams too, salted caramel flavour \ Ohh I am so sorry. That one's my favorite too! But, I feel bad for you.
I have been pacing waiting to hear back from Walmart after my interview.  \ Do you think you will get the job?
Not sure, but I really need this job to support my kids. \ I hope you end up getting it!
I took money from my daughter's piggy bank. \ I am sure you had a really good reason right?
I needed money for alcohol.  I feel so ashamed for doing it. \ Oh wow, I hope you get some help soon.
I was very grateful when my dad got me my first glove. It was for baseball and just very glad he got it for me \ Parents can be awesome sometimes. Do you still play baseball?
Not in a long time, I just watch it \ Who's your favorite team?
Just got back from a job interview. I was able to answer all the questions and the recruiter seem impressed. \ Thats a great way to start
Yep. It is! \ good luck going forward
When the Falcons won the game I was excited. \ What game did they win?
The NFC championship. \ Really? I don't recall that at all. I remember them choking. I could be wrong.
There was a big storm here last week. \ That sucks. Are you ok?
The power went out for about 15 and scared the crap out of me, but other than that we were fine. \ Thats good. Did the clocks all reset?
I wanted to buy some egg rolls from the store, but they no longer sell my favorite ones \ ah that's so sad. You would miss your favorite one. i think you need to find something else
Yea, I do. They're so expensive, so I've got to do it at one at a time. \ You will definitely will 
I lost my mind and temper, when i have been told i won't be promoted \ That must've really upset you. Did they explain why?
yeah it did, it was deserved one but they didn't explain and i am so angry right now!! \ Definitely take some time to vent out your anger. It's totally undestandable.
When i was cleaning the basement. I found old video game which i used to play when i was young!! \ Wow! What platform was it for? Nintendo or Atari or Sony?
Nintendo. It brought up lot of good old memories!! \ Sounds like you had a great childhood, you can try playing it now by downloading an emulator haha, I tried that and it was great
I really like to ask my friends for advice \ thats nice of you to rely on a friend.
Yeah I trust my friends to give me good advice \ then you got good set of friends. Don't lose them for your life!!
I am so over my sister in law, I have absolutely no use for her. \ Alright, I can get behind that. Sisters-in-law are usually angry messes of human beings anyway, so I'll back you up on that. What did she do though?
She's a special ed teacher (good person right?), but can't take any time out of her life to actually raise her two boys. \ Yeah that's pretty unacceptable. As a former teacher myself, I can assure you that as much as I loved those kids, my kids would always come first no matter what.
Speaking of kids in school, I just found out my son got a B in his world history class at the end of the previous school year. I can't believe it. \ That's great!!  History is so important I think and so few kids really grasp it well.  Congrats to him for a job well done!
No no, see, it was the first grade below an A that he's ever made. I honestly thought I had the next Einstein on my hands. Now I guess I'll have to settle for...above average, I guess. :( \ Oh, I see what you are saying!  Did he get upset about it?  And you never know, he could turn it around next year and blow you away!
I have never had a decent car \ That's too bad. In all fairness, no one really needs a good car. I have a beater, but it's get me from place to place. That's all that really matters.
mine doesnt get me anywhere anymore but I am saving for something nice \ I am sure you'll reach your goal one day. I do hope you get that brand spanking new car.
A strange man was staring at my girlfriend at the carnival today. I was so furious! \ did you say something
I certainly did! I beat in his clowny face. Serves the ingrate right. \ did your girlfriend like that
I have been studying for my final math exam all week long. \ I hope you do well on it! Do you feel prepared?
I feel so prepared! I am confident that I am going to crush it and get an A on this thing! \ That's great! Make sure to check your answers twice!
I really like summer time and going to the beach \ I do too! Love going out and swimming in the ocean. Why do you like going?
I like to relax by the water, sometimes I like to go on a boat, but it gets a little pricey \ I love doing that too and the price is totally worth it.
I went to the bowling alley all by myself today. It was terrible. \ Being alone or going bowling - or both?
Both. My friends ditched me. Some friends they are... \ I'd get some new friends that's for sure!!  It stinks when they don't stick with you!
I've got to get an MRI and I've been waiting for the appointment for almost 3 weeks. \ Oh man, what are you getting that for? I hope everything is okay.
Just some headaches we can't seem to figure out.  I mean, I guess it's good that it's not an emergency, but it's sure nerve wracking not getting it over with. \ I am sure. I do hope that they find the cause.
he give me a gift to me in unexpected time \ what was the gift ? i can imagine it was something wonderful.
yes it was wonderful, he give a my favorate mobile \ was it colorful or did it play a tune ? 
yes it was colourful, we can play a many tunes \ Are there any favorite tunes that it plays ?
I entered my car, sat down, only to find ANTS coming out of my visor ! They were everywhere \ did you try clear it?
i sprayed the sun visor with some ant spray. It seemed to work for a little while \ okay do it continue, it will clear
Sometimes I cry when I watch sad movies \ I can relate.  What's the saddest movie you've ever watched?
hmm... that's a good question, maybe some romantic movie like notebook \ Yea, that's a really emotional one for a lot of people.  I see that one mentioned a lot for tear jerkers.
I like to watch all the music and guitar covers on YouTube.  There's a lot of talented folks out there nowadays. \ Oh definitely, Youtube is a great platform for these talented people
Yeah, it never ceases to amaze me the kinds of things you can see on YouTube.  Endless content to discover. \ Yeah, my favorite is watching short comedy videos of my favorite drag queens
I'm scared that my neighbourhood is unsafe, there have been a lot of breakins \ That's terrible! Are the police doing anything about it?
They try to patrol our area, but we live near a transit hub, so it's hard to keep people out \ Oh man. Well, be careful out there. Wouldn't want anything to happen to you or your family.
I was so scared to go to sleep at night as a little kid. I always thought monsters lived under my bed. \ Me too, sometimes I still get scared to stare into mirrors in the dark
I know right?!?!? It's so spooky! I always think that there is someone in my room when I do that. \ Hahaha, me too definitely
My dog pooped on the rug today. \ Yikes, did it take long to clean it up?
It took quite awhile. I was so peeved! \ Well I hope your dog is feeling better, it would be bad if he was feeling sick or stressed
I'm looking forward to presenting to my client, I spent a lot of time on that powerpoint \ I am sure you will present a stellar product. What is the powerpoint on?
It's on the real estate market in my area, I'm trying to introduce it to an investor \ Sounds pretty cool. I am sure he will end up investing.
I like to look at my kids baby pictures for hours on end. \ Why would you do that
Because they were sweet when they were babies. \ I guess we all were though
I was devastated when my aunt passed away. She helped raise me so it was tough \ I'm sorry to hear that. Losing family is always tough
Yeah, I got used to that unfortunately \ I recently lost my grandmother. I thought I wouldn't get through it at all.
I am still waiting to hear the results from the doctor. \ do you think there something wrong
They think I may have brain cancer. I can't seem to even sit still waiting for that phone call. \ oh no thats terrible Im sorry to hear that
I cant wait for my new show to come back on its my favorite \ Oh yeah? What is the name?
this is us \ Oh ok. That is a realy good show. I watch it too.
The time of year makes me miss being a kid watching football with my dad. I do miss him \ That's too bad. Do you have any friends or other family that you can do that with?
I do, but its not the same so far \ I am sure. I do hope you find peace with your football watching and your good ole dad.
Mr dog pooped on the rug today. \ Thats gross. Did you punish the dog at all
I did indeed! I put her outside for doing such a dastardly deed. I was so angry. \ Poor dog, I hope she learns from it
My son said his first word today! \ Really? What was his first word?
He said "artichoke"! I was so impressed! \ That is a really complex word!
My wife is the greatest person in my life. \ That's really great to hear. I love my wife too. What does she do that make you appreciate her every day?
She cooks and cleans.  I am so thankful to have her! \ Mine does the same! It's nice coming home to a clean house everyday.
My sister sent me a letter from france. I had not heard from her in awhile and I did not even know she was on vacation \ Ah that must have been surprise for you
It was a nice surprise by her for sure \ You should also reach out to  her
When i see old people on roadside begging. i  have tears in my eyes. \ I do feel bad for them as well, its tough to see
yeah indeed, why there is nobody to look after them? \ People have to look after themselves
I'm going sky diving this Sunday but I am a little scared \ Wow, that's amazing! I'm insanely jealous! I think it's pretty normal to be scared of that though. After all, it wouldn't be nearly as much fun if it didn't terrify you, right?
Yeah that is a really good point actually! Being kind of scared could be a good thing for me. \ Exactly! Embrace the danger. Become the danger. Do like 800 flips while you're falling through the air, but do yourself a favor and don't vomit okay?
So I have some amazing news. I recently discovered that my dog can speak to me! Isn't that incredible? \ Wow, is that true? That's pretty amazing! I'd say science should know about your dog.
I'd say you're certainly right about that! He's got the best Cockney accent though, and won't shut up about philosophy. It's all he wants to talk about! Like okay, we get it, you're suuuuper into Immanuel Kant, cool. \ Wow, that surely is incredible! Even the accent too? And intelligent! The full package!
I ran over a dead deer today. It was pretty gross. \ ah thats really gross!!. I hate it road authority do not clear dead animals from the roads asap
I know! They never do it around here! They need to get these gross critters off the road! \ We need to do an online petition and raise a complaint against authority!!
I bought a new house and i will register it this monday \ Nice! Is it your first time buying?
yeah, i trust all my documents are in order \ Good to hear. I hope the house warming party is banging.
My dog pooped on my new chaise rug today. \ OMG. I think I would have passed out.
I almost did from the rage I had! She always does this! Maybe she just doesn't like fancy rugs... \ Did you take the time to walk her outside?
I am waiting to find out if I really won the lottery. \ Me too! I bought about a thousand dollars worth of tickets last night!
Wow. I spent $500.00 myself. I hope it pays off! \ You and I both! No matter who wins, let's promise to split the pot.
Today was my favorite co workers last day, I'm going to miss her \ ah thats so sad. why did she is leaving her though?
She's moving to another state sadly \ i am so sure you will miss her. Keep in touch with her though
I was completely devastated when i heard my father died in car accident \ Oh no I'm so sorry to hear that
my life took different direction from then onwards!! \ I bet, stay strong!
I had an interview last week that I thought I did really good on \ Nice! Did you get the job?
I didnt and I cant believe it \ Wow...I am really sorry, friend. Any other interviews lined up?
My dog pooped on the rug today. I was so peeved! \ I hate when that happens and I dont even have a dog
It is a terrible thing. That pooch needs to stop doing it or I am going to have to get rid of her...which I really don't want to do. \ are there places you can take the dog where they teach them not to do that
I was weight lifting at the gym today and I accidentally farted. I'm pretty sure some attractive girls nearby heard me... I don't want to go back now. \ I'm sorry.  It happens to all of us.
Yeah, I know it's only a natural thing. But I still felt super uncomfotable. \ I am sure you can go back.
My friend has the nicest house I have ever seen. \ Yeah? Is it decorated well or just very large?
Both, I am so envious of him! \ Wow, I bet. He must make a lot of money!
I left my wallet home and went grocery shopping the other day. \ What did you get
I had to go home and then go back to store. \ I understand, time is important
I was proud when my brother finished college. He deserved all of it \ That's awesome. Was he the first in your family?
He was the first to finish \ Did he get a god job?
I will be going on a once in a life time trip tomorrow. \ Oh nice, where are you going?
I will be going on my first cruise.  \ Wow, I've never been on a cruise before. I think it sounds like a lot of fun
I don't like it when kids bully each other \ I feel the same way. I never thought kids could be that mean!
Yeah, they bully everyone and everything, like they don't develop a filter until they reach adulthood \ It is so sad. I worry everyday about my school age kids.
I am such a failure, I didnt even climb to the top of the ladder \ What kind of ladder was it
Just to the top of the roof, so nothing crazy, I just felt so weak \ You can always try again tomorrow
I am a little envious of my brother in a good way. He is getting married to his best friend \ thats amazing, and also i would be a little envious, I just want love.
Yeah, love seems to be something hard to find these days \ I believe its out there for all of us, we just gotta find it.
My dog ran away today. \ Oh no!  hav you been out looking for her?
I have! I put up signs all over the neighborhood. I do hope somebody returns her soon. \ Did you put your phone number and things on the sign?
Every time I use my new CD player it randomly skips. \ That's too bad. Maybe you should get a new one?
Im thinking about returning the one I bought. \ I certainly would. How can you jam out to all the NOW CD's without it?
I feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. I just did not feel like going anywhere \ Why didn't you want to go anywhere?
I was just tired and stressed \ Well, in that case it's better that you just relax.
I was walking home at night. \ Yeah, what happened next?
I think I was the only one outside so I guess everyone was sleeping. \ Why were you not sleeping
I've been hard at work studying for my math final all this week. \ have you taken the test yet
I haven't; it's tomorrow! But I am sure I am going to knock it out of the park. \ if you studied really hard then you should
I think my boyfriend is seeing someone else \ That's terrible. Have you confronted him about it?
ormation \ I'm not sure what that means, but you should talk to him about it!
I have my final physics exam tomorrow and have been studying for it all week. \ Good luck with that. Are you well prepared?
Thank! I am! I've never studied harder in my life. I'm going to pulverize it! \ Cool.
I went out to a bar with a guy that I have met in a party. This guy was so cheap that he was asking the barman if he can bring his drinkings from home. \ I would do that too. It's a waste of money if you don't finish it!
I was shocked. I wanted to hide. \ I am sorry you felt that way.
I can never thank my mom enough. \ Why? What did she do?
She helped us pay off our house so it didn't go into foreclosure.  \ She is a special woman.
I didn't pay my taxes this year. \ On no. Did you get a letter from the IRS?
Not yet, I'm afraid I'm going to get audited. \ Yeah I would to if I was in your position. 
My cat pooped on the rug today. \ Oh my! What a smelly situation. Were you able to clean it up and get the smell out?
I was! But I was so irritated while I was cleaning it up. I hope she doesn't do it again. \ Is her litter box full? My cat does that when it is too full and I neglect to clean it.
I accidentally locked my keys in my car recently. Luckily my friend was able to bring me my spare keys! \ That's such an awful feeling! I at least do it twice a year -_-
Right?! It is the worst. Especially if you are not anywhere near home and your friend takes a while to get to you. \ I feel you. Last time I did that I was late for work...I hate it when it happends.
I stole some candy from the store yesterday and now I can't sleep at night. \ Hmmm, maybe that's because you ate it and you've got a sugar rush. I wouldn't worry! That usually fades in a couple hours. 
I hope so. I've never stolen anything in my life. I feel somewhat bad. \ Eh, it's okay. Don't beat yourself up about it. It's truly a victimless crime. There are much, much worse things you could have done, I promise.
I mean, let's be honest. I'm the Major League Eating world champion. When I saw that my next closest competition had only ever maxed 40 hot dogs, I knew I had that thing in the bag. \ Dang, that's a lot of dogs. Cleaned out the pound, you did. But that doesn't hold a candle to the 100 I ate yesterday.
Ah, I see you are a man of culture as well. I would relish the opportunity to eat alongside you one day at the troughs of battle. Be warned, however: only those with the strongest of stomachs have ever dared to challenge me! \ How dare you question my intestinal fortitude?!? I would watch out, friend. I may just slip some cyanide in your relish if I ever have the chance to challenge you!
My upstairs neighbors had a huge party last weekend and were playing music until 5am. \ I really hate when that happens
Yeah, tell me about it. I had to work in the morning. I asked them to turn it down dozens of times, but they were too drunk to care. \ next time call the police
there was trash all over the parking lot this morning \ No way, that's gross. What happened?
I guess someone missed the dumpster but it looks like they didnt even bother to try to clean it up \ That's disgusting. Some people are pigs.
I worked so hard on a project, and someone stole it and presented it as their own. \ Wao, how did you felt? did you work hard in that project?
I really did. I'm furious! \ IWhat was your project about? it was for school or something?
I have to go to confession at the church... i was a little mean to my mom, sometimes its difficult to be always nice \ Yea, I am like that, too. Did you apologize?
Well yes when i shouted and i inmeaditelly apologize but i feel really bad \ It happens. Like you said, we can't all be perfect.
I ate 12 Big Macs last night. I felt kinda bad about it while I stared at a group of homeless folks. \ Oh wow. Do you think you might get sick?
Nah, I do this every other day. I figure if I gorge myself one night, then I don't have to eat at all the next day. \ I don't think that 's very healthy. 
I am not sure how to address to my husband about how I feel about him getting a phone number from another girl. \ I would be downright furious. Start by smacking him across the face randomly at dinner. That should be a good segway into the conversation.
That is how I feel. I don't think he understands how it makes me feel inside.  \ Oh, he certainly will when he feels the hot, guilty tears running down his face from that strong, independent, jealous filled slap!
My sister called after years. We never talked due to some big fight between us. I was pleasantly surprised when i got her call !! \ thats nice family should not fight forever
yeah you are correct !! that call made me realize that!! \ you only get one family
I just found out my friend took her ex boyfriend back \ You must be happy for her!!
not at all hes a terrible person \ ah that sucks!! but you can't help it. It's your friend's decision
My mother in law does not know how to mind her business, I don't understand why she has to be so undermining to us. \ What a jerk! Why is she always in your biz?
I don't think she has any idea how nosy and irritating she is.  She continually will tell our girls how their father and I are doing things wrong. \ I would get up in her face and show her who's boss. Break out the broom and crack it across her old, measly back!
I ate 20 pizzas today. I've never felt so disgusted with myself. \ 20 pizzas!!!  How did you fit that in your stomach without it exploding?
I have no idea! It may be because I consume that many pizzas on a daily basis. Maybe I should go see a doctor. \ I think I'd look into entering some eating contests if I were you!
I've been having a rough relationship lately, so tomorrow I plan to break up with my girlfriend.  \ Oh no... I hope it's for the best
Well, I know how I feel and why it's not working. So I'll simply tell it like it is, it shouldn't be too bad. \ Good luck :)
I can't believe I ate so much pizza today... there goes my diet \ It's okay to have cheat days sometimes! Start again tomorrow!
I will, thanks! \ What type of diet are you following?
I am still in shock at the damage yesterdays flood caused.  \ Was any of your stuff damaged?
Yes, our whole house was swept out to sea. \ Oh wow! I am sorry to hear that. Maybe you can go find it and sail it to go kill Moby Dick to make up for the damages.
I went rock climbing the yesterday. \ That is interesting. Did you have a good time?
I did! Although I was so afraid peering down from the top of the mountain. It was unreal. \ I bet! I would be too scared to even try!
I've been having panic attacks at work lately.  I'm supposed to go see the dr tomorrow about them. \ I hope you can get treated.
Yeah, me too, I hope they have something that can help me when I get the attacks. \ I am sure you will get better.
I accidentally passed gas in front of my mother in law. \ Oh no!  Did she say anything about it?
She told me I'm a disgrace. I felt so humiliated.  \ I think that as a bit harsh!  It wasn't like you did it on purpose thinking it would be funny or anything.
I let out the noisiest, moistest, and smelliest fart in front of all my co-workers the other day. \ Wow, did that bother your co-workers?
Oh, it sure did. Two scampered away in disgust, three fainted, and one was sent to the ER. I was so mortified and I don't think I will ever live it down... \ You might want to find a new job
I was sick in bed with the flu. My boyfriend took care of me though \ That is so nice of him. Are you feeling better?
Yes, I feel much better now. \ That's good to hear. I hope I meet someone that will do that for me.
I was leafing through my old photo albums this morning and ran across a picture of me and my mother. I really remember her fondly. \ That would bring the tears. I love looking at pictures especially old ones.
Yes, it definitely did. It reminded me of a simpler time, before she abandoned our family to join the local nudist colony. Oh, I do miss her though. She was just the best! \ Sounds like you are conflicted. She ran off but she's the best? Are you being sarcastic?
I was looking through my old school yearbooks. It had been awhile since I saw them. It really brought back a lot of memories \ Ah, I certainly know the feeling of bringing back old memories. It's fun to go back and remember the people you shared all those classes with, isn't it?
It's amazing what you have forgotten until you see the pictures and then it all comes flooding back. \ I know exactly what you mean! All the old flames, the old rivalries, everything is like it was yesterday. It's a pretty cool feeling.
I know I got this job, just waiting for the conformation.  \ Exciting! Are you moving to a new company?
No, this is the first job I have ever had just out of high school. \ Oh fun! I'm so excited for you. Try to learn as much as possible from this job and ask for career development opportunities!
I'm very happy with my boyfriends' cooking skills, he's definitely improving \ Awesome. Is he learning to cook for the first time?
Yeah, he used to burn the food, but recently he's following the recipes closer \ Oh wow. Well good for him! I know that makes you happy!
Game of Thrones only has one season left \ Is that a favorite of yours?  I've never watched it.
it is my favorite the last season will be bittersweet \ I know how you feel. I've had shows that I've loved that have ended and it's like losing a best friend.  I'm sorry it's ending.
I  had to go shopping for a toy for my nephew's birthday and literally ended up crying in the Lego aisle. \ why what happened
Well it just hit me all of a sudden that my girls are quickly on their way out of our house. \ oh I only have a few more years with mine too
I went with my sister and cousins. The experience was frightening but exciting at the sametime. \ Where did you guys go?
To a haunted house. \ That's cool! I thought they'd only be around for Halloween.
I applied for a promotion. I hope I get it. \ I hope you get it also! What type of position is it?
It's a supervisor position. I'll be making 10k more. It'll help out a lot with the bills. \ That's great! how soon until you hear back?
I was so scared to go to sleep at night when I was a kid.  \ Yeah? Me too, I used to be afraid of aliens. What were you scared of?
I was afraid that bigfoot was under my bed. I think he is still there...watching...waiting... \ Yes he could be! Maybe you should check under the bed right now. He could be watching you.
My brother always calls me to ask to borrow money. He doesn't even work, he's just lazy. \ What a jerk. Why doesn't he get a job at McDonalds?
Because he's lazy! It pisses me off so much. I can't stand to hear from him anymore. \ I would remove him from your family tree. That will show him.
I was furious, my wife went into my bad and took my card! \ Credit card? That seems like an invasion of privacy
I agree 100 percent, she has no right to be going through my things! \ Yeah, maybe have a talk with her. Or maybe think positive, she might be getting you a gift? Haha
Sometimes I'll have a song stuck in my head for hours \ Story of my everyday life. I swear I ear a jingle for hours
Hahaha, me too, I'll hear something on the radio and then when I get home I'll be humming it for hours \ Ugh, Its such a weird brain function.
I ran over a skunk yesterday. The smell was horrendous. \ I bet! You may have to wash your car to get that smell out!
I am taking it to the wash tomorrow! Dang skunks need to stay in the jungle. \ lol. Hopefully that will be the last one you run over.
I never thought I would see something this gross ever! \ Oh geez! What on earth was it!
I saw a guy pick a piece of chewed gum off the sidewalk and put it in his mouth. \ That is FRIGGIN revolting!!! I would have lost my lunch right then and there!
My dog pooped on the rug yesterday. I was so mad! \ What did you do?
Well, I didn't do anything. I was pretty mad at first, but realized it was my fault that I didn't train her right. I put her outside for a bit and called it a day. \ It's good that you went easy on her.
In one of my classes at school someone was making fun of me. \ That's terrible! Did you confront them about it?
Yes I tried to ignore him but at one point I couldn't take it so I shouted at him. \ Sounds like the right move. Good on you for standing up for yourself.
I was so afraid of sleeping when I was a kid. \ How come? Were you scared you wouldn't wake up?
I was scared that there were monsters under there waiting to snatch me! Luckily none ever came.... \ Aww, that's sad to hear. I hope you didn't lose too much sleep!
I sprain my ankle really often. I'm not great at basic walking \ That's too bad. Have you seen a doctor about it?
No, I think I injured it when I was really young, so I must have weakened it \ Ah, makes sense. Just drink milk everyday and it should be fine in a week.
I tried to buy a part for my furniture but they changed the sizes and left the name the same \ That's pretty dumb. Did you eventually get the part?
No, I have to return it and ask about it again \ Ah. What a terrible inconvenience!
My dog pooped in my wig today. I was so mad! \ Oh no! How are you going to clean it out?
I have no idea! The worst part is that I found out when I was trying to take it off...that thing wouldn't budge! No wonder my co-workers were giving me disgusted looks. \ Yikes! That must have been terrible
I want to the store in my pajamas today \ Nice! How did that feel?
I was comfortable until I saw my high school crush \ Oh, how did she look? Still pretty?
I couldn't believe my friend won the lottery \ wow how much
Six thousand bucks! \ thats a nice chunk of change
I was in McDonald's drive thru to place my food order. When I arrived home, I noticed they gave me the wrong order ! \ That's really annoying. Was the wrong order any good? 
It included a strawberry shake (I'm allergic to strawberries !) French Fries (I have high cholesterol) and a Coke (I am a diabetic) . Nothing good from my perspective ! \ Hm.. judging from your conditions, maybe McDonald's isn't the best place for your to eat anyway! 
My good friend has been overweight his whole life. Just yesterday he signed up for a gym membership! \ I think thats a positive thing. Motivation is the key. Do you think he'll follow through and actually attend the gym ?
Yeah I think so. I'll be helping him along, I'm very happy for him. \ you will be a great motivational coach. Such positivity !
Today, was the worst day ever! \ No way. What happened? If honestly, almost all my days are like this. So, worst has become normal for me
That is so sad. I was turned down for my promotion at work to someone with less experience than me.  \ Don't get it personally. Good performance will always catch other's attention. Just continue doing your work
Me and my friend planned to go hiking last Sunday morning. However, i overslept and the whole plan was blown away. So ashamed of myself \ On no. Dont be too hard on yourself. You must have needed the rest.
The thing is, i forgot to set up an alarm before going to bed. Such degree of irresponsibility is unacceptable \ I understand. But you are human! 
My dog pooped in my shoe today. I was so mad! \ That's awful! Were you able to clean it off?
Nope! I wasn't able to get my shoe off because it's now glued to my foot. And what a charming thing for her because if I could get it off I would certainly beat her with it! \ Oh no, I hope you can get the shoe removed from your foot.
My dog pooped on the floor after I let her in the house. \ That's a tragedy! What ever did you do?!?!
I told her she was a bad dog and had to clean it up. \ Serves her right! These animals can't go around thinking they can poop on our things!
We walked, we ate ice cream, we rode a bike, we laughed a lot, we enjoyed the outdoors, we were exhausted \ Who did you do all those things with? Sounds like a wonderful day!
I had time that I did not share with the children and that was something that was pending in my soul \ They must have been really happy.
I lost my job and was in danger of losing my home to foreclosure. My family loaned me money and saved me from that. \ Well ... I put myself in your place and I admire you because it is something very emotionally tense
thank you. I appreciate that. \ Now you must take the corrective so that it does not happen to you anymore
Honestly? I have a pretty special nephew. He just solved the Navier-Stokes existence and smoothness Millenium Prize problem. \ Holy moses, he must be as smart as me. I solved that thing in five minutes last week. Child's play.
Child's play is right, the kid is only 6 years old. And you couldn't have, because the Clay Institute says the million dollar prize is still at large, which I'm sure he will be blowing immediately on Tropical Sprite and cocaine. \ Yeah, that's what they tell everyone because, in reality, they blew all the prize money on the very same thing themselves. I was pretty peeved that I couldn't even get a dime bag and the sleeziest of hookers.
My son said his first word today. My breast filled with pride as my ears were graced with that beautiful word. \ Aw, that's exciting! I think I would swell with pride if a swear word were my kid's first word too!
Indeed. He said "Josef Stalin"! How zany and cooky is that??!?!?!? \ WOWAOEAOEAEOHHHH, now that was unexpected! Are you at all concerned that you're raising a Communist, or have you decided to embrace the hammer and sickle and seize the means of production?
When I play tennis I think about my tournaments in high school \ Were you any good in high school or was it just fun?
Just for fun, I was a champ at swimming, but tennis was more laidback for me \ Oh okay well that sounds nice. I haven't played much tennis but I miss having more free time to do similar hobbies.
I've been trying really hard to get a promotion at my company but they just hired someone to fill that spot from outside of the company. \ Ahh, that's too bad, did you mention it to your boss?
My boss is pretty temperamental and doesn't like people questioning his decisions, probably a bad idea.  \ Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe next time!
I am pretty happy with my life right now. \ That's awesome! Always good to be content with life.
It took a long time. But I always tell people to plan for the future!  \ It's good to be prepared for anything because you never know what could happen.
My puppy graduated at the top of his training class! I was so happy to see that. \ Awesome! What breed is your dog?
I have a little toy poodle. They are such a smart breed! \ How sweet. I might get one myself then.
When I listen to smashmouth I remember the 90s and Shrek \ Hey now, you're an all star! Did you know they wrote that song with the hopes of giving their fans more confidence? 
Oh that's really nice, yeah I love that song when I was young. It was really cute and upbeat \ Yeah, they're a great group. Very fun and uplifting.
I love the new SNES Classic system. It reminds me of when I first played SNES as a kid. \ How fun! I remember the good old days with those games you didn't need a monthly subscription to
Yes, a lot of newer games you need to buy a lot of extra things don't you? I prefer to good old day. \ Yeah they're all pay to play, I think you should be able to play the whole game the first time you buy it...
My cable bill is so high it's ridiculous. \ Why don't you change your provider?
I don't have a choice.  It makes me so mad! \ Why you don't have a choice?
My neighbor keep doing too much noise during the night. \ That must be annoying.
Yes, he is a student and during the week he is having some parties late in the night. \ You should call the police on him.
Many of my friends go to medical school, they will be very successful in the future \ Well, they deserve it. Medical school is not easy and they spent unimaginable effort and hard work to finish it
Yeah, they have great work ethic, I would not be able to do those 24 hour shifts \ I truly respect and admire those people. They are the most beneficial members of the society
One of my classmate shamelessly asked me to copy my homework and submit as his own. So disgusted at his behavior \ Well maybe he trusted you as a good friend, next time try to help him with his homework instead
We are not that close and that is the thing that he dared to directly ask me for it. Plagiarism is unacceptable no matter what \ Oh yeah, that's not great. Next time make sure to say no directly to his face
I never knew I would feel this much love having kids. \ Definately! I have one daughter and twins on the way... I foresee love overload. How many do you have?
Congrats. I love every bit of motherhood. I have 3 kids. They are 7,5, and 2 \ Thanks, Motherhood truly is amazing
I have a presentation at work that I'm sure I'm going to do great! \ I am sure you will! Did you make sure you took time working on it?
Yes I've been carefully working on it all week \ Then I know you will do great! Good luck!
I'm so ready for fall to come around, I love layering and scarves \ I love boots fall is best for fashion
Yes! I'm excited to start wearing some nice leather booties \ now you have me excited too
my best friend swore that she would be single forever \ Is she still single? Some people don't like to be in a relationship
she just got engaged \ Hahaha, well she found the "one" I guess
I saw a man put mayo in his milkshake. \ Yikes, that sounds horrifying
It was really gross to watch! \ I would be grossed out too
I'm pretty happy with my local representatives, they represent my interests well \ You are lucky to have that in your community.
Thank you! I think so too. I think it's important to have good representation in your local government \ It is good that you care about that too.
I just finished another college semester and now waiting for grades to post. \ Thats the worst part, I just finished one aswell, ended up doing pretty well.
I know I did well too, but I just need that confirmation. \ yep, its the not knowing that gets to you most.
I worked so hard to make it up to her and its wasnt enough for my wife \ Uh oh. I am sorry. What happened?
I wasnt a good husband, and i was too demanding, I tried to make up p but it just wasnt enough  \ I am sorry. At least you tried.
I was late for work today. It wasn't my fault. \ Oh no. What happened?!
my uber was super late. I was written up too. \ I haven't tried uber for important places. Not I know to be weary. So sorry to hear that.
My department just got shut down. \ Oh no. Did you lose your job then?
Not yet. We're supposed to go in for a meeting first. I'm terrified. \ Maybe they can put you in a different department.
My cat pooped on the bed the other day, I threw away the sheet \ Do you have a pet
Yes, I have a cat that lives with me \ Did you gave any pet name to your cat
Do you felt sad or emotioned during your work \ Not really, do you?
Some time I felt disgusted with my work \ Oh I'm so sorry to hear that, i hope it picks up for you, maybe listen to a little music to lift your spirits
I didn't think I would feel this bad for stealing diapers. \ Oof, sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do I guess
I felt so bad I brought them back. I am happy I wasn't arrested. But it was only half a pack I brought back. \ Well you tried to make things right, you're still a good person
I hate it when people cut me off in traffic \ Oh yeah me too. They can be so rude. 
Yeah, I think being a great driver means you pay attention to your own actions too \ You are right. Some people should never drive a car again!
I feel so alone in this life. Like no one could possible undertand me. \ I understand that feeling sometimes.
I just need one good friend I can spill my heart out to. \ You can tell me anything.
I threw away all my children's toys. \ whys that?? were they growing out of them/
They had bad grades.  I feel so ashamed about it. \ wow, thats slightly harsh, but they have to learn some way.
I love it when I get free samples at Costco \ I like that too
It makes my shopping experience so much more enjoyable haha \ I wants had a smoothie that was terrible there
my sister is having her first baby \ What a wonderful time for your family! Is it a boy or girl?
its a girl there only boys now \ Oh fun! A little girl will be a great addition to the family
Donald Trump really disgust me as a person. \ But america is so great now! look at all the great things that are happening and are great
So, that gives Trump a free pass to call woman dogs?? \ No, he truly is lower than a dog himself
It was raining earlier and lightning struck nearby and my power went out. Luckily it came back on a few minutes later but I was quite shocked at first! \ Really??? A power out does not sound that scary
well sometimes a bad strike can leave the power out for days in my area \ Now, that is scary!! Without power for days would be a nightmare 
I don't like people that take the HOA too seriously \ Why and what's HOA?
Home Owners Association, they like to monitor things like grass on your front lawn \ The thing I don't like is that the HOA monitors that type of stuff.
One day I didn't have an umbrella when it was pouring rain. \ Did you get really wet? I hope you didn't catch a cold
I had a meeting that day so everyone at the meeting noticed. \ Oh well I'm sure they didn't judge you, it could happen to anyone
I stole 5 dollars when i was kid!! \ I think we all did lol
Yeah, but now i feel guilty about it \ that had to be a long time ago
its too quiet now the kids are back in school \ yeah may be kids changed nowadays!!
I get kind of bored \ then you should instigate something in school!!
watching old western movies always reminds me of being a kid and staying with my grandparents \ Do you like old western movies
i didnt like them too much as a kid. i do now \ That's ok, I did not know much about it
Do you feel that you are satisfied with your work \ i can say that i am satisfied with where i am what i do and what its done for me. are you?
Great! I am very happy with work, I am loving it \ im glad to hear that!
I would be in bad shape if I didn't pack extra clothes. \ What are you packing extra clothes for? Did you go somewhere did something happen?
We went on vacation. And we all ended up with the stomach virus so you can guess from there lol \ What are you packing extra clothes for? Did you go somewhere did something happen?
My roommate's cat passed away last week. There is a heavy air over the household. \ I bet. That is so sad. I am so sorry.
Yeah hes really lost without her. It was unexpected.  \ I bet! I hope they can find peace soon.
I want to get a dog, but my cat would hate that \ Ah, new version of Tom and Jerry. You would  be thinking whether to get or not!!
yeah, I think I would have to wait till my cat passes, she's pretty old already I don't want to stress her out more \ You should then wait for it. Not sure how much time it will take though!!
I am having an operation and i hope it will go well \ I hope so too, what kind of operation is it?
It's  angioplasty, i have put my hope on god!! \ I don't believe in god, but I hope you have a good doctor
School about to start. We have been ready for weeks. \ Oh wow. Are you a parent?
Yes. Of three super students. They couldn't wait for summer break to be over. \ You must be proud.
I finally paid off the car. \ That's great!
I know. Just gotta pay off the house, and no debt. \ That is a real blessing. Being debt free is gonna be sweet!
I live away from family. When ever i see kids on road. I think about mine \ Oh that's so sad, how often do you get to visit them?
2 months once. I already miss them, while taking about it \ Maybe video chat them a bit more, talk to them daily to let them feel your presence
I'm happy with my cooking skills, I make great pasta \ That's great. I should visit you once for your great Pasta!!
Thanks! I make it fresh from scratch with flour and eggs \ you are so skillful!! you should start your own brand!!
I want to go to a concert this weekend, it's a singer I liked a long time ago \ Who is the singer?
A folk singer Regina Spektor, her voice is light and her songs are very pretty \ I am a huge fan of hers too!
I remember playing house as a kid. \ Fun, did you play with your siblings?
Yes, those were the good old days! \ Ahh, I don't have any siblings but I bet it was a great time
I broke up with my boyfriend last week, and nothing is the same without him. \ Time will make it better. You just have to move on.
Yeah, I know but we were planning to start our lives together. We were moving in and now I have to rethink everything. \ Better to find out now then move in and invest your time. Trust me it's worse.
I stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. They gave me the wrong order. \ Oh man, that's so disappointing when they do that. Starts off the whole day wrong.
That is so true. It's sad but I really look forward to that drink. \ Yeah small hint of peace in the morning before your hectic work day starts and all those meetings.
I really want to look like those girls on instagram but it's not attainable \ I know what you mean. I feel the same sometimes but honestly it's not realistoc
yeah, they all have a million filters on their pictures \ That is true. They probably look way different in person
I don't like that my boyfriend works with females at his job. \ How come? Do you not trust him?
I do but it makes me insecure \ Oh don't think like that, it will only make things worse. Just be supportive and focus on yourself
I really enjoyed my time in Tokyo, it was a great experience \ Oh I bet! Did you just go on vacation? 
Yes! The food was great and the culture is so interesting \ Wow so happy for you. I have always wanted to go myself.
I am still shocked my husband bought tickets to the concert. \ What concert is it? Are you excited to go?
Super excited to see Taylor Swift! He knew I was a fan. \ OH MY GOD, I'm so jealous, she isn't coming to my city this time. You're gonna have a great time
I lost my wallet the other day, I think I left it on a bus \ Oh no, that is terrible.
Yeah now I have to cancel all my credit cards, it's such a hassle \ I'm sorry that happened to you.
I am going to a concert this weekend. \ Fun, what concert is it?
It is Fallout Boy. I can't wait to go! \ Whoop! it's gonna be a fun time!
It couldnt be true, I know that wa my mom, but the man she was with wasnt my dad. \ Wow! Did you confront her about it?
No I just ran and hid, I didnt want to believe it \ What a horrible thing to witness
I've spent all day packing.. I think I'm ready for vacation! \ Yay! where are you going? are you excited?
We're going to the beach down in FL... It \ wow, you are so lucky, I love the beach
I'm scared my dog will run away, he can't see very well \ Aw, that's a shame. Is he a house dog or an outside one?
He lives in the house, but sometimes he goes off leash and I'm scared he won't come back \ I would be as well. I would just keep a close eye on him whenever you can. Be his eyes.
So I forgot my dad's birthday. I feel kinda bad about it. \ Oh well you can celebrate it a couple days late, it's fine
Yeah, I don't think he's too bothered about it. I'm mostly angry at myself for forgetting. \ Don't worry, just appreciate him everyday
I miss my two dogs that live with my parents \ awwww..its tough leaving lifelong family pets
Yeah, but I wouldn't move back in with my parents haha \ i dont blame you. i moved out at 17 and i couldnt ever move back..
i took my pharmacy certification exam today. i felt really good and prepared for it \ I hope you pass! You tried your best
thank you . i sure did try hard \ You should celebrate when you hear back!
I spilled some coffee on my lap and now it looks like I wet myself. \ I have done that way too many times,  maybe use the air drter in the bathroom?
I had some towels nearby, but just waiting until it dries like this before I get up and someone notices. \ thats hilarious and terrible at the same time.
I wish I could have some company on my nightly walks. \ Do you just walk alone usually?
yes, and its nice and relaxing, just wouldnt mind company \ Maybe you can invite someone every now and then, like a neighbor or someone you trust.
I was cheated on at one time, but I stayed true to him and myself . We worked through it and are good now. \ I'm glad to hear that. If you can get through that, you can get through anything together.
We have been through worse. He was a drug addict for years, but now has 4 years clean. \ What matters is that you both learned from it.
I caught somebody stealing a package from my front yard on surveillance. \ Oh wow! I have heard of that happening to lots of people. Did they get arrested?
Not yet. People these days just don't care. They steal anything they lay their eyes on! \ Yes they do. It has gotten really bad around here with car thefts. It's no wonder are car insurance rates are so high.
My mother has been there for me no mater what I need. \ She sounds like a good person.
She was my best friend, i would do anything for her. \ You also sound like a good person.
I played dodge ball at summer camp one day. \ did you do good? or get smacked around alot?
Because of how much people we had left midway through the game I knew we were going to win. \ Thats right! they didnt wanna to see the slaughter anymore.
I love my dogs, I get to see them when I visit my parents \ How sweet. What breed is the dog?
They are mutts, we picked them up off the street \ Oh ok. That is so nice of y'all. That does not happen often enough.
I just found out I was having twins. I already have 3 kids. \ Wow, that will be a busy house
Yes, I agree. I was super worried, but decided to think more positive and I know I will be able to handle it. \ That's a great attitude, I hope you and your family stay happy and healthy
Some days I listen to sad music at work \ Really? Why do you do that?
I just feel more emotional some days than others \ Yeah I understand that. I hope you feel better!
I feel so blessed to be born in an area of the world without many major natural disasters.  \ Me too, I am very lucky to have moved. I used to live in a place with a lot of earthquakes and hurricanes
Wow, that must have been terrifying. I'm glad you're safer now. It's really a godsend to wake up in the morning and not feel afraid of where you are living. \ Yes, it's a traumatic experience to be in an earthquake
If I ust believe it hard enough in my heart then its mine! \ That is a good way to think.
thats right, I try to be as confident as possible. \ I like your positive attitude!
I went to eat lunch by myself. \ Where did you go? did you enjoy yourself?
I went to Subway.  I hate being by myself so much! \ why?? its good time to think
I did not get the promotion this year. I feel little down \ Oh I am sorry to hear that. You will get another chance I am sure
yeah i know, but i am just bit disappointed \ Don't feel too hard on yourself. I am sure you did your best.
I just realized that I don't have many friends here. \ oh why not!! quality is better than quantity!!
Yes, that's true. I haven't lived here long so I guess I just haven't met enough people yet. \ ah that is also there. You will make new friends!!
After all of this training, I still cant use my leg \ Oh no my dear, what happened to your leg?
I broke it in a car wreck! \ Oh wow. Was it a bad car wreck?
I feel so bad lying to my husband. \ What did you lie about, are you going to tell him?
I might as well since I feel so bad. I pretended to be sick because I didn't want to spend 3 days at my in law's house this holiday weekend. \ HAHAHA if anything that is excusable, noone like inlaws!
I am attending a movie themed costume part this weekend. I bought my Darth Vader costume weekend in advance! \ Good for you. Socializing through such ways is a great way to enjoy your time. And besides, I am not Star Wars fan and have not watched any of the movie series
Okay, I mainly prefer the original classic trilogy and am not a big fan of the never ones. But I'll so ready for the party and will hopefully be very impressive!  \ Costume parties are very fun to attend. If i ever attend one, then i will go in iron man suit. I just love that character and its personality
I consider myself a loyal Apple customer and seeing its recent break in $1 Trillion in stock market cap, just makes me feel great and proud of feeling attached to this company \ It sounds like you are a loyal customer! How did you feel about them taking your headphone jack from their cellphones?
I think it was quite innovative approach to even more modernizing the cell phones. The long cables were annoying anyway \ I suppose that's true, although I heard a lot of people were not happy with it.
I think we are way too far in the woods we should turn back! \ That sounds scary!
I was so scared, I turned around and ran for my life. \ Good thing you didn't get lost!
I can't believe I dropped my phone on the way to going to buy a phone cover.... I hadn't even had it for more than 2 days \ oh my god, just your luck huh,  thats crazy.
Yes I'm not very good with phones lol \ Me either, I have broken every phone ive owned!
I lost all my money in one of my bank accounts. \ WHAT HAPPENED?? DID YOU EVER GET IT BACK?!?
No the bank told me there was no way to get it back. \ did they have an explenation on what happened?
Tomorrow was the day i was getting my favoirte nose piercing! \ Are you excited?
yes!!! i have been waiting so long for it! \ How exciting! Hopefully it doesn't hurt too bad.
I was shocked when a huge bat hit my window last night! \ Wow I bet you were surprised!
It was a total shock to my system haha \ LOL a bat, how random
I tried a new restaurant down the street from me and WOW it was amazing. Totally wasn't expecting it \ That's amazing! I love finding new places like that.
Me too.. it's been a while since we got a new restaurant around here. I bet it's going to do great \ I hope it does and you can KEEP going there! haha
y friend just dumped his girlfriend for a prostitute. \ Oh wow. That is not something you hear everyday!
yea. Not many people would make a stupid decision like that. \ Your friend must really like the woman. 
I just got back from buying a few groceries at the store.  \ Oh really? What'd ya get?
Just stuff for dinner. At the checkout, a guy took my receipt! \ Why did he do that?
I was visiting my friend's new place, and I felt so bad about spilling red wine while they weren't looking. \ Did you cover it up or tell them about it?
I actually just moved over the couch a bit while they were in the restroom. \ Now that is what I am talking about!
I ate an entire gallon tub of ice cream earlier. \ Whoa! How are you feeling from it now?
I can't move.  I feel so guilty for my lack of self-control. \ It's okay to give in to cravings every now and then.
I ate an entire cheesecake to my face in one night \ Wow you were able to do that?
yes...sadly I can eat copious amounts of food. \ you should reduce the intake!!
i think i will lose my tooth, i am afraid \ Whys that?! is it rotting out?
its rotting and shaking \ thats gross, go see the dentist please!
why is it everytime im up in life something brings me down \ Unfortunately, it happens to all of us.
I just wish for once I could get ahead in life! \ You will if you believe you can!
I went to Applebee's for dinner tonight. \ What did you order?! was it delicious?
I had the fiesta lime chicken.  It was a decent meal if I must say. \ thats awesome, I love applbees, I like to drink there alot
If my friends hadnt picked me up, id still be at rock bottom! \ True friends can be tested at such situations. Good for you to have such friends. It is very rare to have such ones
I try my best to only associate with the best of people. \ I have only 2-3 close friends with whom I closely associate. I think that is the ideal number one should have
I am very disappointed at the way the political discourse in our country is going. The major parties are so openly hostile toward each other \ I agreee, and I see no point in it, This is all our country we are all one here, why fight.
To be honest, my disappointment during this last year has piled up to a level that my future hopes for our politics seems bleak \ very bleak, maybe we will have some sort of saving grace candidate.
I cant believe how much dog poop i see around my apartment.  \ I could imagine, we have a whole mountain of it around my apartment building just randomly lying around.
ugh thats so gross, why gte a dog if youre not going to clean up after it! \ Exactly! I'd like to pick it up with a scooper and throw it in their faces.
I caught my husband messaging another woman on facebook \ oh my god! did you confront him about it?
Not yet. I'm going to make him squirm first. \ Perfect, make him think you dont know, or dont know everything.
I caught my husband chatting with another woman. \ OMG I'd be so upset. Did you confront him about it?
Not yet, I'm thinking of how to do it. \ I wish you all the luck!
My car got rear ended at a parking lot and I have no idea who did it. People are so rude \ Oh no! Did they even leave a note of any kind?
Nothing. Just found my bumper half hanging  \ I'd be livid! Some people just won't let us have nice things, I swear.
i had a job interview last week, and i felt like i knew i was going to get the job after i left \ that sounds great, I hope you get it!
thanks! yeah, i felt so prepared and wasn't really nervous at all! \ I'm always nervous at job interviews!
A storm came through earlier and scared my dog. He ran to me and I was quite shocked! He can be a 100 pound baby sometimes! \ oh no, were you able to calm him down?
oh yes he just needs to be near me with the lights on \ i'm glad he was able to get some relief from that storm anxiety 
My girlfriend dumped me last month. \ i am sorry to hear that. was it a clean break?
No, it was terrible.  I hate to be all by myself. \ i can understand that. it is hard at first but then it gets better. 
my mother passed last week. i have been very down and have not left my house all week \ I'm very sorry for your loss.
thank you. i know the pain will never full leave, but eventually it wil all get better \ I hope you will be at peace soon.
My little brother just got sentanced to prison \ Oh no! What was he accused of?
He stole a car... and got caught driving it. \ Well maybe this will teach him a lesson and he'll come out of prison a new man.
I have a doctor's appointment in the morning \ uh oh, is everything okay? are you nervous? 
I am, I feel okay but you never know what might be wrong. \ thats true, its always good to get testing and precautionary procedures. 
I thought I was gonna get a raise at work today but I didn't get it. \ darn, Have you been working towards one lately?
I have, I really felt like I deserved it this time around. \ have you been passed over it before?
My father was the one who taught me about being a man! \ Really! I bet he was a real manly man then!
Thats right he was! He was exactly what I needed. \ It's always nice to have someone show you things. You're very lucky.
My best friend just left for Europe. She'll be gone for 4 years \ I'm sure you are going to miss her.
I am. It'll probably will take time to adjust to not being able to hang out with her. \ Will you be able to communicate through social media?
My nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose \ What situation?
He would drink bleach. That really made my blood boil. \ Oh wow. Kid is crazy!
I was impressed with the new Tesla that I test drove. \ I bet that was rather fun, how fast did you get it going? 
Over 100mph. \ Wow! You are crazy, ha ha - i probably would have had a panic attack at 90MPH. :p
I managed to change the oil in my car on my own without breaking anything... \ Thats great.I  change my oil all the time.
I havent changed my oil in years since my dad taught me so... it was an achievement for sure.  \ Yes my dad taught me also.
I applied for a new position at work, similar to mine but better pay. I think my interview went well. \ That sounds great, were you nervous about the interview?
A little bit, I don't like being on the spot, but I have a feeling it turned out very well \ I hope you get the job!
My dog always listens to me whenever I call him or direct him to do something. He's a very good boy. \ That's good. Dogs are the best but an obedient dog is even better!
Indeed, I have had lots of dogs but it's best if they respond to commands well. Some just need work but all can be good. \ I can't wait to have a dog. Maybe when my daughter is older..
I have to put together a 1000 piece puzzle by tomorrow. \ oh that much, Will you be able to do it?
I am sure I will do it. \ that's the confidence. I am sure you will do it
When i see old people on the road. I feel bad and i just feel i like i want to take care of them \ I know exactly what you mean.
yeah, it's the people's nature. We can't help it \ I'm glad that you care about others.
my buddy decided it would be funny to pants me at the bar while the band was playing \ LOL!! im sorry about that,  did you get him back?
oh i did a few days later. my face was red but it wasnt that big of a deal \ hahaha, thats true, thats not the worst outcome
I tried to be cook and do a flip and ended up splitting my head on a cabinet! \ oh man!! i hope you are ok. please tell me someone recorded it
HAHAHA no I had to go get stitches, I was horrified! \ that sounds like a crazy day
I knocked my whiskey cup all over my keyboard. \ Eek! Hopefully your keyboard isn't acting up!
Not yet I instantly turned it upside down to rest! \ That's a good idea! Or use a vacuum if you can.
I went to the grocery store to stock up on food and water. The weather could be bad this week. \ better be careful! the weather has been bad here lately too.
Yeah, it's better to make sure in case a tornado or bad thunder knocks out the electricity. \ nothing worse than being unprepared for a disaster 
This job is everything I could possible ask for. \ Oh, what job is it?
I am the director of IT at my company. \ Wow, that is very high position!
I watched a man eat a 5 pound ham. \ oh my god, thats alot of ham, Did he throw it up after?
No, he didn't.  I was very inspired by the act. \ Thats a real eater right there, big belly.
There have been more tornadoes in my area this year so far than any year in recent memory. We have spent a lot of time in the basement. \ How scary! I'm terrified thinking a tornado could pass by here
It's so much worse when the power is out and all we have is a few candles and flashlights. \ Well I hope nothing crazy happens and you guys stay safe!
My son said mama for the first time today... I couldn't believe it \ Aww, I can remember the first time my son said daddy. I thought my heart was going to explode.
Such an amazing feeling, huh? \ It really is. kids can sure bring a wave of emotions upon us.
I got a huge raise at work today! \ That's amazing! You must be so happy
I am! I wasn't expecting it at all! \ Hard work pays off
Today my husband kept asking who ate the last piece of cake he was saving... I felt so bad saying it was me LOL. \ I do that all the time lol hey, if it's in there it's up for grabs!
That's what I said... Oops! \ He should have eaten it sooner!
There have been so many mosquitos this year. \ yes there have been.i live in south texas and they are bad here
I'm thinking I need to buy more torches and citronella candles. \ yeah those do help.set up a perimiter
my job transfered me to a new state and i know nobody here \ I'm sure you'll make new friends really soon. 
i hope so . i am going to look on facebook for local groups and activities \ That's a great idea! Maybe go to the park too and meet people there.
My dog was hit by a car today and we don't know if she's gonna make it. \ Oh how horrible. I'm sorry sorry to hear that.
She's been my puppy for 10 years, I really hope she pulls through. \ Aww I hope so too. Dogs are precious and they aren't here long. We have to be happy for our time with them no matter what.
I just finished a very hard exam and I feel good about it. \ I'm sure you did amazing, did you study hard for it?
Yes, very much. Fingers crossed it all turns out well. \ When will you find out your scores?
I bought 10 tickets to win a new cars. I am hoping I'm lucky this time! \ That would be great! It would certainly save you from having to buy a new car for a while.
Yes, there are not many tickets being sold either so I think I really have a good chance to win! \ What kind of car can you win?
my husband threw me an unexpected party for my birthday! \ Wow, that's very nice of him! Was there a lot of people there?
Yes almost my entire family! The only one that wasn't there was my son. He couldn't come because he had to work. \ That's too bad. I hope you had a blast!
I failed my final exam. Now I'll lose my scholarship. \ Oh man, that must be a horrible feeling.
It is. I don't know how to pay for school now. All my work money goes to rent. \ There is always next year champ. Im sure you'll try harder next time.
I studied really hard for my math test last week, so I knew I would ace it. \ Math is a tough subject. Good for you.
I know, I feel like I can solve math problems that even Einstein couldn't solve. \ Being good at math will open lots of opportunities for you. Keep at it.
I was outside playing with my dogs earlier. We were throwing the ball around and I felt great! \ sounds super fun
It was indeed! Do you have any pets? \ yea  have a cat, i like him
someone almost cut me off today \ That sucks, I hate when that happens!
yea it does \ Did you return the favor at all so to speak?
I met a guy on a dating app a few weeks ago and we're really hitting it off. \ That's good! Have  you met in person?
We haven't, I'm worried to meet strangers off the internet. \ Totally understandable... I'd be a bit apprehensive too
I tried a new lasagna recipe and it turned out amazing! \ Really! That's awesome! Was there something new in it you don't usually use?
Yeah quote a few ingredients and a littlr e more work but totally worth  it \ I think lasagna is one of my favorite things to make
I really like getting drunk, especially like tonight when I get drunk with my friends. \ It can be a fun thing as long as one doesn't go overboard.
Yeah definite, going overboard is a bad time. \ Yeah, I have had some legendary hangovers. I try to moderate better these days haha.
I'm going out to a picnic like thing with some friends next weekend. Fingers crossed the weather stays nice. \ That sounds really relaxing and nice.
Yeah that is exactly what I am hoping it is! haha \ Well hopefully it doesn't rain or anything.
I can't believe I snapped at a customer today.. but they were being so rude \ its understandable, they are so annoying
Yeah working retail is not easy \ yea i hate it
i got cut off today \ oh no im sorry to hear that
yea i was quite mad \ it'll get better in time
2 people escaped from jail in my town tonight! \ thats insane stuff
I know right? And the last sighting of them was in my neighborhood! \ man thats really disheartening, you should type faster  tho
i finally got to go on vacation \ That's great! Wheer are you gonna go?
south padre island texas \ That's a fun place to go. You'll have to be sure to take lots of pics!
I brought my car to the garage for a simple oil change last week. When I went to pick it up they had done $600 of repairs. I can't believe it! \ You can't believe they did it without asking or that the car needed the repairs?
The car was a 2014! I didn't think it needed much of anything, I told them they were crazy and that I wasn't paying it! \ Wow I hope everything works out for you!
It's supposed to storm more later this week. It's been hailing recently and I really need it to stop already! \ Wow, that's crazy. Is it very cold where you are living?
No it's been mostly warm lately \ Interesting you say that. Here it's warm as well and we had a big rain storm and got some large hail as well!
My coworker is a good person. I am really appreciative that I can depend on them. \ thats quite nice of them
Yeah, it's nice to know they can cover for me when I cannot make it. It works out well for me. \ yea i bet that feels good
 my cat vomited on my rug today \ Oh no! Hope your cat is feeling okay.
yea bit i was mad at him \ That's the thing about pets, hard to stay mad at them!
My daughter won the spelling bee. All her hard work paid off! \ That's so impressive!
Yes she's only in second grade. i hope she keeps it uo \ Hopefully, she seems really smart.
I was really surprised by my friend since he never had any responsibilities and then he suddenly had tons. \ that must be so hard to deal with 
Not really, he was just so irresponsible before and then he got a job and a girlfriend too. \ He seems to be on the right path now then
I went to the bathroom and walked out with my skirt tucked into my underwear tonight and didn't notice. \ Wow did anyone let you at least know?
No! And I was on a first date too! \ Wow that is super unlucky, did she notice at all?
I just made the most delicious pie \ Really? What kind was it?
It was apple pit,  I let it cool to room temp and ate it with ice cream it was so good. \ Oh I love apple pie with ice cream, it's such a good combination
i had to send my food back at the resturaunt today \ thats really annoying to deal with
i usually dont complain my chicken was really under cooked. it was pink and raw \ still tho thats dangerous
my cat died last week \ im sorry to hear that. loss of a pet is tough
yea i was very sad \ are you planning on getting another pet?
I ordered a hamburger from a restaurant and it was raw in the middle. \ That's so bad. You must be feeling bad
I took it back and they had the nerve to ask me if I wanted another one \ I am surprised at their behavior. Did you ask for a refund?
The world is very beautiful \ There are so many spectacular views on this planet
Exactly. Look at the beautiful scenery around you. Nature at its very best. I am surprised people don't notice \ It's a shame that people are letting these marvels pass them by.
I've been waiting to hear back from a job interview I feel went quite well. \ How long do you have to wait?
a few days I think \ Good luck! I'm sure you did great.
I can't wait until Friday to know if i got the promotion... the wait is killing me\ \ Oh wow, how long has it been since you got last promoted?
A year \ Well I hope you get it!
i have a test this week and im scared ill do bad \ Are you prepared for it? Did you study?
yea but its still worrisome \ I know what you mean. I think you'll do great though.
I have a dental appointment for a root canal tomorrow. \ sounds quite hard to deal with but good luck
I'm afraid it's going to hurt a lot. \ yea i would be too
I really hate public speaking, so it doesn't help that I had to recite a poem in public way back in like 6th grade. \ I definitely understand that feeling.  It took me forever to sign up for my Speech Communications class because of speaking in public.
Exactly! I just really don't like speaking in front of people no matter what. \ I actually took it late evening class without too many students and even was scared and only had to speak in front of the professor.
I really wished my dad would do the proper introductions and bring all of my siblings together. \ What do you mean by that?
I have a younger sister that I have never met to reach out to me and I'm somewhat at a loss of words.  I'd like to have my dad to be present I suppose. \ That's fair, having a father figure be present is really important.
I was so scared during the new shark movie. I had to look away several times! \ I hate shark movies too. That's why I refuse to swim in the ocean.
I know, I always get freaked out when I go to the beach! \ The only way I'll get in is if I'm too drunk to care if I get eaten lol
I worked hard and finally got a promotion today! \ Congratulations! That is great news to hear!
Thank you! It just proves you can do anything you put your mind to! \ Yes! It is always good to have a positive attitude.
My friend used to be such a nobody until he got a job and a girlfriend out of nowhere. \ Life can have some sudden turns. But these are very little chances to count on and hope for
I feel you. It just really came out of the blue, honestly. \ Good for him. But do not count on such things happening in life. They are very rare unless you put hard work to get them
Recent debt accumulation had my credit score see a significant decline. I am afraid it would hurt my chances of applying for a new credit card \ That sucks, hopefully you can come back from that
To be honest, i have invested considerable amount in cryptocurrency market. I am hopeful for them to lift me out of financial burdensome \ That is usually pretty unlikely but I'm rooting for you.
Next month we are finally taking a family vacation. It's been so long, it seems! \ That sounds nice, how long has it been?
Maybe a year and a half... It's nice to  have a little getaway \ Indeed, enjoy your time away!
I was playing a game recently and a reminded me of childhood. \ What kind of games?
board games, chess and backgammon mainly \ Oh I enjoyed board games when I was little too
I was camping last weekend and I kept getting bitten by very big deer flies. It was so annoying! \ oof sounds so bad
Yeah, they flies are so fast too and incredibly hard to kill. It was very bad. \ i bet it was
my pants dropped last week from getting hooked on a table \ Oh no, that must have been embarrassing! 
yea i was so mad at myself \ Did anyone see it happen?
I was on my way home last night when a large speeding truck came flying under a red light as I passed under it. Damn near nailed me! \ Wow, that must've been really scary!
I was shaking after it happened. I nearly had to pull over on the side of the road just to calm down. \ I'm sure I would've been shaking as well!
My girlfriend at the time seemed to be so much more passionate when talking to one of her friends. \ What do you mean exactly? She doesn't have the same passion when speaking to you?
She just seemed to be so much more energetic and engaged when she was talking to him. \ Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that. That must hurt.
someone almost crashed into me today \ wow. are you ok? that can be really unnerving 
yea i was so mad \ i would be to. people need to be more aware on the road
i have a box of baby stuff from my twins that i have kept since they have been babies. they are 25 now \ thats very cute to do that
it always reminds me of when they were little \ yea i bet it does
Sitting outside watching a storm arrive on my back porch I felt quite at ease with the world! \ I love watching heavy storms with thunder and lightening!
As do I! It is a great time as long as the lightning doesn't get too close! \ Yeah, as long as it is loud but not too close I usually love it!
When my rabbit died years back I was really upset. \ That sounds terrible, I hate losing a pet...
It really was, I loved that rabbit so much at the time. \ Did you end up getting another ever?
Paid off all my debt. Took 10 years. \ That is quite an achievement! How did you do it?
Worked whatever I could and saved a lot. \ I bet their were struggles and you learned a lot. Do you have any tips for me?
I took my daughter camping in Catalina last weekend. I could hardly contain my excitement planning her first camping experience. \ That's exciting! How old is she?
She turned 2 and a half on Sunday! \ Oh my god. She's so little. I hope she'll enjoy it.
I had a really fun get together tonight with all of my coworkers and my boss. The night went fantastic! I'm feeling very happy and optimistic about life right now. \ That's great! It's such a good feeling working with people you actually like..
I couldn't agree more. All of my coworkers feel like family to me. So it was a very relaxing and enjoyable get together. \ I hope you have more nights like it!
I feel good. Everything finally seems to be working out. \ That's great! What are some things you're enjoying about life right now?
Finally having a steady job and no work on weekends lol \ Oh man, having weekends off is such a deal breaker for me too. 
My younger 5 your old cousin was visiting last weekend for dinner and he kept crying to his mom to make him Kraft Dinner. \ Kids are sweet. They will do everything to get what they want. So, did her mom made him Kraft Dinner eventually?
She she did unfortunately. I made a delicious chicken dinner and he wouldn't even eat it. \ Don't be upset about it. Kids do not yet have conscious ability to think concretely in terms of other's feelings
My partner has some work related issues lately. I am trying to give her emotional support by taking her out just to distract her from work \ That's very nice of you. I hope she gets the issues sorted out!
I hope too. She is very distressed and frankly, seeing her in this situation makes me feel very sad \ Yes, I can imagine it must be hard for you as well. I wish you guys all the best.
I dropped my plate of food in the middle of the busy break room at work.... I wanted to disappear! \ that is terrible. nevermind being embarassed i would have been mad and hungry!! 
I was all of the above lol  \ i dont blame you
im feeling positive that i got the job. it would really help me out a lot \ That's a good sign you did great then@
yes it is . im really feeling good about it \ Good luck! I hope you get it.
I went through the drive thru at a fast food place, and the cashier would not give me a receipt! \ Oh no! I would have asked for the manager! What did you do?
That's what I did actually. The manager was apologizing to me. It was just frustrating. \ I can't imagine why that person would do that! So unreasonable.
There is suppose to be a huge storm coming. I went to the store and got supplies so i am ready. \ That's a good idea! It's always smart to be on the safe side.
We usually don't have horrible storms so i never do it, but i have heard this one is going to be a bad one.  i just want to be ready \ I've done that as well where nothing ends up happening but I bought all this stuff. You never know what could happen though.
Recently I knew that my friends were going on a trip and I really wanted to go. \ Was there any reason you couldn't go? Did they not invite you?
At first I thought that there wasn't enough room, but then there was! \ That's wonderful! I hope you had or have a great time!
I was outside playing with my dogs earlier. Throwing the ball around, they got so playful and ran around as fast as they could! \ That's so cool! I really wish I had a dog!
They are the best! Cats are also great though \ I really like cats but I want a dog at some point.
my cat vomited on my rug today \ Ugh, I hate when that happens. Do you think the cat ate something bad?
not sure but it was really horrible \ I bet. Poor kitty, I hope he/she feels better soon.
When I was pretty young, I witnessed my cousin fall and break her arm. It was completely disfigured and bent in odd ways. It grossed me out so bad I nearly vomitted. \ i bet it did i would be too
Good thing she had no permanent damage though. But that memory is scarred into my brain! \ i bet it is, good luck with tha
I really do not like being around rats, they scare me. \ Oh yeah I hate rats too actually.
I once was in an elevator and a rat was in there. I thought I was going to have a heart attack. \ Oh wow that sounds so scary! I might have done the same actually!
Truth be told, I am quite afraid of snakes these days. \ I am not a fan of snaked either.
The venom that can kill worries me the most. \ I once was bitten by a snake, luckily it had no venom.
My husband is out of town for work. This sucks \ Sorry to hear that. Must feel quite lonely for you.
Yes I don't like being home alone at night \ Luckily you can always contact your husband to see how he is doing and hear his voice.
The other day I was backing out of the parking lot at work and scratched my coworker's car a little bit. \ Oh no, did you tell them?
No, I feel really bad that I haven't told them about it. I don't know if I should. \ If it's not bad,, I wouldn't tell them
I met this girl on Tinder one time and she gave me such mixed signals. \ haha, welcome to Tinder! It's the app of mixed signals. Did things work out finally?
Not really, but I got used to it ahaha. \ Yeah, usually you just move on. There are plenty more fish in the sea!
I watched Friday the 13th for the first time tonight. I'm in my bed under the covers and don't think I can leave! \ I know what you mean, scary movies really terrify me!
Yeah, I think I will stay here for a while and look at cat videos. \ That's always a great way to make me feel more at ease!
I hate when I get accused of something that I didn't do at all. \ Same here, who accused you?
My brother and my mom accused me of cursing when I said frick. \ Frick isn't a curse word.
I really get nervous when I have to drive. \ Same here! What makes you nervous>
I just always fear I will get into an accident. \ Yeah that's the same reason as me.
My neighbor's house burn down. We can't find where the cats went. \ Oh no, that's awful. When did this happen?
Last week. The cats are nowhere to be found. We even called the shelter. \ I hope the worst didn't happen to them, that's so sad.
The other day I was cleaning out my closet and found a ring I thought I had lost! It used to belong to my grandfather and it made me so happy to find it again, I miss him. \ Wow that's really nice. Are you going to wear it?
I am, it'll remind me of the great memories I have of him. \ It must've been a great guy.
I am so mad, my landlord is selling the house so I have to move. \ that is bad news. my mother is going through the same thing unfortunately. landlord became widowd and now is moving with her daughter in anothe state so will be selling the house
Biggest issue is finding somewhere to live that allows dogs. \ that is tough. my mothere also has her little dog. but more than likely she will move in with my family
my twins will be born tomorrow morning! i wont be able to sleep tonight \ Double the fun, are these your first children?
no ,luckily they are not..otherwise i think i would be terrified. haha.. \ Congrats, you should try to sleep some thou.
I am looking forward to going on vacation in october! i need a vacation \ Where are you going on vacation?
My husband and i are going to the smokeys.  I have been but he hasn't.  \ That should be fun, what do you plan to do there?
I know that I will be the youngest billionaire ever. \ You sound very confident! how will you make that happen?
I am starting a business. \ great! I wish i could find a profitable business.  i don't like worker for other people.
Have you noticed the trends with engagement proposals and save the date YouTube videos?  I find them to be so romantic. \ I have not seen those but that sounds cute. Are you married?
No and have no intentions of getting married.  However, I don't have any problems with celebrating with those who make that choice.   \ Yep there's nothing wrong with either of those things!
A storm came through earlier and lightning struck very close by and the power went out! I was worried as sometimes the power can go out for days but luckily it came back on an hour later this time. \ I hate those kind of storms for good reasons.  We have lightning storms all the time in Georgia.  The power is more than likely to go out.
Yes it is the worst when it happens! \ Yes indeed,  I've had to deal without power for 48 hours the last bad storm.  Almost three years ago, I was actually struck by lightning while in my home. 
My brother got all A's on his report card. I was blown away. \ thats so cool, nice job of him'
Yeah I was really happy. Never happened before. \ thats great good for you.
my friend got promoted at reasors \ Oh that's great news!
yea i was happy for him \ You are a good friend I think
I am so ready for the weekend, I get to drive a NASCAR. \ Really? That's insane!
Yes, I paid for a NASCAR super weekend. That is the highlight of the weekend. \ Cool, that sounds like a great weekend!
I met this one girl on Tinder before knowing she was gonna lead me on. \ I do not like Tinder. What did she do?
She made me think that things would work out but they didn't at all! \ That is too bad, don't give up hope thou.
There was this scary crashing boom in my garage.  \ Oh that is pretty terrifying! What caused it?
I thought it could have been an intruder or something, but it was a raccoon instead! \ Oh that's a relief though!
I got invited to a party in a shady part of town but I went anyway. \ That could have been a scary situation. How was the party?
It was great, contrary to what I thought. \ That's good. I guess you never know what to expect sometimes.
We leave early tomorrow to Disney World, Woohoooo! \ I love Disney World, who are you going with?
/husband and I are taking daughter for the first time \ Hopefully you have enough time to see all the parks.
I am so mad at myself, I made my team lose the softball game. \ Oh no! Don't blame yourself. It happens
Yes but I made four errors in the game. \ Better luck next time!
There is a chance of storms tomorrow and I hope we don't get anymore as we have been close to having floods recently! \ thats a fair point
Thanks I think so as well, it's quite annoying when it floods! \ yea i bet it is
i studied for days when i had a math test \ That's great, how did it go?
good i was very sure i would do well after all that \ Yep that's the way to do it!
I really wish I could singer better, like Michael Jackson. \ that would be cool. do you have singing experience ?
No, I am terrible at singing. \ so am i .im a guitar player, not a singer
i didnt think i was going to be able to take my pharmacy tech certification test. the fee was $350.. \ Did you figure out a way to pay it thou?
yes i did. my aunt offerd to pay it for me, as a birthday gift since my bday was the following day \ That was very nice of her.
I felt so bad when I got home from work because I saw a huge mustard stain on my shirt! \ Aw that's the worst, especially when the clothes are new!
Yes! I couldn't believe that none of my coworkers were willing to let me know about it. \ That's pretty annoying that nobody told you!
My friend was quite the nobody until he got a job and a girlfriend seemingly out of nowhere! \ Wow, that's good for him. What do you think changed for him?
I guess he just decided to get his life in order and it worked so well for him! \ That's cool! It's always good to hear when people decide to take a good step forward.
I won a 500 gift card for answering a question at the site on a vendor we use at work today! \ Wow nice! What are you going to do with it?
I haven't decided yet.  I should have it next week though.      Not a bad phone call to get on a friday. \ It is a lot of money. Take your time deciding on what to do with it.
My friend lost her cat on Monday. We called the shelter, and they say they might have a cat that matches our description. \ That's good news.  Is her cat microchipped?
No, unfortunately not. We hope that's her. \ How long has the cat been missing?
My friend used to be such a nobody until he got a job and girlfriend out of nowhere! \ Are you happy for him?
Absolutely, I'm glad that he is happy! \ Do you have a girlfriend?
I am so ready for the Life Is Beautiful Music Festival \ I've never even heard of that before!
It is a music festival in Las Vegas. \ Oh cool! Sounds like fun!
I pray that America will be great again. \ why do you say that? are you worried about the current state of affairs?
Yes, and I am worried Trump won't win reelection. \ He may not.  He has certainly made a few enemies.
I was walking through walmart and noticed people staring. i went to the bathroom and to check my clothing and i had a huge brown stain on my rear! i sat in chocolate, i was moritified \ That must of been horrible.
I can't stop thinking about it.  I keep replaying the scene in my head, it was so bad. \ I am sure people forgot already.
My grandmother is in the hospital after being in a car accident. The doctors are taking good care of her so I feel she is in good hands. \ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that about your grandmother.  I'm close to my grandmother so I would definitely need for the doctors to provide the best of care.  I'm sure you are looking for a speedy recovery.
Yes, she is a strong woman and I am confident that she will recover well. \ That's a great position to take especially when something like this occur.  It puts so many things in perspective on what's important.  I'm glad you have good doctors so you can focus on just being there for her.
I swear as I get older I need to take my time in getting dress. I'm afraid I'm going to be on one of those Walmart meme.  I've left home and before you know it I realize I have something on wrong. \ Oh no! I always like to pick out what I'm wearing the night before. Maybe that would help?
Funny you say that.  I just told my mom she needs to pick out her clothes for the week and church on Sundays to avoid being frustrated.  I think I should take my own advice. \ It really could help. I heard Einstein used to wear the same clothes everyday because it would help him stay focused on his studies! 
I am embarrassed that I skipped school to go to the concert. \ eh its worth it tho
Yes but now I have detention for a month. \ still worth it imo
my friend helped me move the other day \ That was nice of them, did you pay them?
no iwas happy they helped \ That was nice, you should help them next time.
I finally got my dad's birthday present. \ What did you get him?
I got him a new gas grill. \ Does he grill a lot?
I was the one who stole the painting from the museum. \ Why would you do that?
I was mad at the owner for not paying me for my work. \ Oh so it was your work? That's understandable then.
My partner took my car last Sunday morning to visit her friend. She did not even ask me or let me know. I had plans too with friends. And I was stuck at home \ Wow that doesn't sound like a very good relationship. Did you talk to her about it?
I did. But she does not listen to my concerns at all. She lives like she is the only one in that house \ Wow I'm sorry I hope you can figure something out!
I recently was worried about a job interview even though I think it went well. I hope I get it. \ Good for you. I had couple of interviews couple of years ago. Was very nervous, but thankfully they all went well. My advice, just try to hide your nervousness and show confidence
Thanks, I'll take all the advice I can get! \ So when are you expected to hear back for final decision on your hire?
my brother moved out of the apartment and it now feels really empty \ thats understabled i get it
yeah. he was always doing something ,saying something..hahah.. \ i get what you meam
someone almost killed me the other day \ what?!?! how? what happend if you dont mind me asking
car almost hit me, was scary \ wow. glad to hear you are ok
I cried the night I found out my girlfriend moved. \ Oh no! Did she move away from your city?
Yes to another country. \ Well hopefully you feel better about the situation. It will hurt for awhile.
I went to my nephew's high school graduation. \ You must of been so proud of him.
Yes, I was really happy to see him at the top of his class, too! It was a cool moment. \ Will he be going to college?
At one point last semester, I realized I really needed a B in one my classes to get the GPA I wanted! \ Did you get the B?
Yep! I knew that if I studied like I did that I could do well! \ That is great news, good job.
I am so angry I didn't win my school election. \ Oh that sucks. What role were you applying for?
I was going for president. \ Cool, sorry to hear that you didn't get it.
One of my friends used to do so bad in school until he turned his GPA around out of nowhere! \ How did he do that?
