I really miss my puppy, we got her a statue for the backyard to remember her always. \ Thats sweet to have such a memory of her. Did she pass away then? 
Yes, she was very old. It was a great tribute to her life. \ Im so sorry, pets are like children 
I had an interview a month back for a great job. I went in there extremely nervous, but ended up with the job!  \ awesome! congratulation.  So you are enjoying the job now?
I am, it's been tough to prove myself there but I think I'm finally starting to feel comfortable here. \ Keep doing what youre doing!  I think youll keep moving up that company ladder in no time
Do you ever just feel trapped.  Its so aggravating \ I have felt that. It always sucks feeling like you can
They are repaving my street and I cant leave the house becasue we arent allowed to drive on it.  I need to go to work later so they better let me drive on it eventually! \ That's the worst. How do they expect people to get around?
Hello, I have not seen you for a long time \ Like ever before.
Hahaha how are you? \ I'm well mostly, but ready for Fall to come.
I happened to walk up on a snake in my backyard a few days ago. \ and what happened next?
I killed it, and burned it. \ why? He did not do anything bad to you.
A coworker just knocked all the documents on my desk to the floor. It was an accident but they didnt even bother to help pick them up. Very rude I thought. \ Wow I would say the same! Accidents happen but come on pick them up. Im sorry! 
He didnt even apologize. Just shrugged his shoulders and kept going. Unreal, some people. \ It really is unreal, but you know people are getting worse and worse these days,. 
I quit my job due to the employer always lying to me, and they didnt even seem to care.  \ Wow how unappreciative they sound. You will be better off at your next job I am sure.
I know it was too bad tho I had expectations of them but obviously they are fake!  \ Im sure your next employer will be much better. That is no way to treat an employee.
I don't play the lottery, ever, but a friend recently gave me a scratch off ticket. \ I buy those like twice a year and never win.
I won $200! \ Wow! That's awesome! What did you do with it?
I blew it on online video games, lol. \ Hey, why not? It's unexpected money!
That is always the best kind.  I still won't be buying lottery tickets, lol. \ Yeah I feel like you get lucky once then it's all downhill from there.
I recently got serious about working out again and I was so nervous and apprehensive my first day in the gym. \ I bet.  It can be intimidating to start a new regime.
It was sort of. But it ended up not being too bad. \ I should start back to working out.  The older I get, the harder it seems to begin.  Do you have any advice?
Just come up with something you enjoy and you'll love to go. My  motivation is the 2 free hours of childcare! \ Lol, that would be awesome to get some free childcare.  My kids tend to drive me nuts at times.
Oh yes. At least school is starting soon. \ Yes, thank God that summer is finally over!
When I went to college I tried to make things work with my high school sweetheart. A few months in I found out she cheated on me and my stomach sank. I never talked to her again after that. \ How long ago has this been?
about four years ago. I'll never forget the feeling. It was like getting hit by a truck. \ It never gets too far out of your memory. but it will fade over time. I doubt you'll still be feeling like this when you're in the nursing home.
It's about to rain here. I hope the power doesn't go out. \ Does that happen often?
about 20% of the time we get a storm. \ And that usually knocks out the power?
I consider myself an animal activist now. I recently went to a protest \ Very cool of you to take a stand on something you believe in.
Someone hurt my neighbors dog at a boarding house and it really bothered me \ Oh wow. That has to be hard to see. It's great they you are actually doing something about it.
I cant believe that I won $100 on a scratch off ticket. I think I am going to buy a new pair of shoes with it. I cant wait to go cash it in. \ $100! I have never won that much!
I was super pumped up. I cant wait to go get those shoes after work today. \ I wouldnt even know what to do with an extra $100
Do you like to go through old family pictures? \ Yes, I think they offer a great bridge to the past. Do you?
Absolutely. I love to hear my mámá tell me stories from her childhood trapping nutria and trawling with her family. \ That's great. It sounds like a very good situation to be in.
I recently found out that the woman of my dreams like another. I am incredibly jealous of him. \ :( I'm very sorry. Have you tried telling her how you feel? That could affect her decision.
I have not told her as much as I need to. I am trying to build the courage. \ I know it's hard to build the confidence needed to do something like that, but you don't want to keep them to yourself. If you really think she is the woman of your dreams then you have to try
My friend asked me to borrow some money and I let him.  \ How did that end? 
IDK yet still waiting to see if he actually pays me back. I didnt want to really do it but I did.  \ Well we give in to our friends. Hopefully he pays you back and not ruin your friendship.
MY best friend and I have worked together for ten years. \ Wow thats a long time to work together did yall meet at work? 
We did. Now she is leaving and moving away \ Thats sad. Im so sorry to hear that! 
I never seem to get lucky in love :( \ I know what you mean
Theres this girl at work that I like, and I just saw her eating lunch with another guy and now im kind of sad \ There are other girls
Ihave ebery thing my kids have ever made me. \ Thats awesome that you have saved all of that.  I bet its heartwarming to look back at all of that stuff
IT is, but there is so much I don't know what to do any more \ You should get some good storage totes and pack it all up so its safe
I remember graduating high school. It felt like I had my whole future in front of me, so many possibilities to choose from. I sometimes wonder if I made the right decisions. \ I know how you feel. One small decision could make everything nowadays different for you.
Exactly. I turned out okay, but I sometimes wonder if I would have been happier had chosen another college or a different job. \ If you wonder how things would be different you'd drive yourself nuts.
The first time I went to a haunted house I was so scared. \ Did you see any ghosts?
It was one of those where people jump out at you. \ I've been to one of those. They sure find ways to get you!
I am staying positive that my blood results will come back okay. \ what are you being tested for?
My health in general. I havent had a check up in 10 years and have been feeling off.  \ Well I hope you are okay? Did the doctor hint at anything?
Another one of my neighbors got a new car. \ Oh yeah is it nice? 
Who cares? I want a new car too. I think I am the only one on my block without one now \ I know it sucks when people get what you need and its out of sight but I hope you get one soon! 
my son is teething and he is so cranky! I gave him tylenol and got some teething toys. I don \ Teething is a hard period for babies and moms
it is! his molars are coming so he is inconsolable! Doesn't sleep good, doesn't want to eat. poor little boy \ Poor baby. I remember my kids teething too. It was horrible
My kids are only 4 and 5 now but ther are so smart! \ that's great! I bet you are very proud of them!
I am. I know they will all want to go to college. I hope Im not jinxing it lol \ you're not! :) I'm sure they will go to college and end up being very successfull
I won a raffle for a hunting trip. \ Congrats! When are you going?
I don't know. I just got the call that I won.  I've got to set a date. \ That sounds really exciting. Are you taking someone along?
I am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. \ Congradulations. Is this your first time moving in with a boyfriend? 
It is, but I keep wondering if it's the right choice. \ What are you worried about?
My girlfriend and I were at a party Friday night. I couldn't find her anywhere, and got worried. \ Where was she?
In a spare bedroom with her ex, laying on the bed and kissing him. \ Does she have a new ex now?
I'm glad it's raining here today. \ I think I would be mad, too.
We've been kinda dry lately. \ This chat has three people in it, it seems.  I am talking to two separate Worker_2's.
I planned a trip with a friend not too long ago to see the solar eclipse. We were going to go on a road trip. The day before we were supposed to leave he told me she couldn't get off work, and I ended up bored at home. \ ah thats sad. You must have look forwarded to the trip
I was! I had already bought solar eclipse glasses and everything. I ended up watching on the TV \ There's always a next time.
last week, my pet dog died. His name is Jack. \ I'm so sorry! It's always sad losing a friend. 
Indeed, he was family. It felt terrible like losing a soul!! \ I remember losing my childhood dog. They always stay in your hear.
She sure does. I am not putting up with that, lol. \ I would not put up with it either 
I love the rain.  It makes everything feel fresh. \ i love when the rain his the soil in the open field , the smell of wet dirt is just refreshing
A few weeks ago i went to mcdonalds for lunch i waited 20 minutes no food, i went up and asked for my food since i only get 20 minutes , they said an error occurred and gave me my food within 20 seconds i was so mad \ It has been really dry here, as well.  We are in a severe drought for the third time in four years.
what ? are you talking about  \ 5
I finally get to go school shopping today! \ That sounds like a lot of fun! Where are you headed to? 
Thrift stores. That's wher you find the real bargains \ I am a sucker for some good deals! 
I cant wait for my last paycheck to come in from my previous job.  \ Did you find a new job or retire?
Yeah I did find a new job. :)  \ Congratulations I hope you like it
I am so proud of my husband.  He just got a huge promotion at his work this week! \ Wow getting a promotion is always an awesome thing. You guys must be so happy! Will you guys be celebrating this success?
Well we did go out to dinner last night to celebrate.  We can't do too much because he has to keep going to work every day. \ Fair enough, that is very reasonable. Maybe you guys can celebrate on the weekend when you guys don't have work.
One night when I was crossing a road, a car didn't see me and almost hit me! I was so scared. \ I hate when that happens.  I wish more people would be more cautious when they drive!
Yea I was shaking for such a long time after that. Next time I will try to be more cautious and make sure the driver sees me. \ Yes.. it is best to be a defensive driver and keep yourself as safe as possible since there are so many crazy drivers out there!
i was trying to sleep train my son but i failed. i didn't it's gonna be that hard. I think we will be co sleeping till he goes to college \ Ha ha, I'm sure he'll get the the hang of it eventually. It takes some children longer than others to get used to.
I hope so, i miss sleeping in a comfortable position without baby feet in my face \ I'm not looking forward to it when I have a kid! I can't function without a good 8 hours of sleep.
The first time I asked a girl out, it was way back in middle school. My heart was beating out of my chest. She said no, but I learned that rejection isn't the end of the world. \ her loss :) i'm glad you didn't get too stressed about therejection
Your emotions are so heightened at that age. It seemed like a big deal at the time, but it's funny to look back at it now. \ it is. i remember all the drama from my teen years and how i was stressed and crying over really stupid stuff :) 
One of my favorite movies of all tyme is pans labyrinth by guillermo del toro , but the ending is a bit depressing even for me \ I've never seen that movie, why is it depressing?
the little girl has a hard life, but in her head she is in a story , at the end she gets killed  \ Oh wow, that is very depressing. I hate movies like that.
All of my friends abandoned me and I have no idea why. \ now thats more depressing , cheer up you eventually find better friends 
Maybe but what's the point if they will abandon me too? \ not every person in the world is the same , we are all different  i am confident you will find someone 
I've gotten a raise that'll start in February. \ Congratulations!  Are you going to celebrate?
I just did, by telling you...lol. No, I'll be too broke till then. \ Why does it take so long to kick in?
I have been seeing pictures of friends of mine traveling around Italy. \ How does that make you feel ?
I wish I were with them.  I love Italy \ I've never left the US. I've never been north of Kentucky.
Oh wow!  You are missing out.  I love traveling and seeing the world. \ I've spent my life turning my home into where I want to be, instead of where I want to leave.
My daughter was feeling a bit under the weather last night. \ That's too bad. Is she feeling better today?
She's at school so she wasn't too bad, but I'll have to wait to find out this afternoon. \ I hope she feels better. That's never fun for mom or child.
I woke up to a loud noise last night. \ Were you able to find out what it was?
Someone was trying to break in. My heart was racing and I was panicking.  \ Be safe, they may come back.
My friend showed up at my new house in a completely different state!  \ Were you expecting them?
Not at all!  \ What a surprise! I love when friends go above and beyond like that, it shows that they really care
I wish I had a bigger house, I see people with these nice houses and feel envious.' \ I know I hear you... maybe one day we will win the lotto. 
We can hope! \ Well I hope one day you get what you want :) 
I went to a football game the other day and had a blast! \ Did you have some good food?
I had some nachos! My favorite team ended up winning the game! \ That is awesome!
I have a great day and news to go along with that! \ What happened today? :)
My sister done called me. She will pay me a surprise visit this week! \ Thats great! What will you guys do together?
I remember ordering tattoo machines , then was given the the date of delivery it was going to take 5 weeks that put my anxiety through the roof \ Being helpless when waiting for things is the worst feeling. There's nothing you can do but you need to do something!
thank you , long story short the machine did not even work an found out it came from korea \ yikes, that sucks. Hopefully you found one that worked eventually.
My girlfriend's friend died in a car crash a few months ago. She took it really hard. It was terrible seeing her go through that. I stayed with her that whole week. \ Your an outstanding mate and great friend, she must have had a hard time my child hood friend died in a car crash and i felt dead inside for a long time
I've never lost anybody that close to me, I can't imagine. She still cries about it sometimes \ yes i still have dreams of my friend , and he passed 12 years ago , i will never forget him
I found out in the last year that both of my parents have dementia. \ Thats so sad! Im really sorry. :( Have you been researching about it? 
Yes, they've already gone pretty far. My dad thinks that I'm half my age. My mother only knows who I am about half the time. \ I cant even begin to imagine how hard that must be. Stay strong! 
My mother in law came to visit for the first time and fell so hard on ice. It was scary.  \ Did she break anything ? How old is she ?
Shes older so thats was it was so scary. She did end up injuring her hip.  \ Hopefully no breaks.
One day I will have everything I want out of life, that makes the hard times easier to live now. \ I agree, it is good to have something to look forward to. 
If there isn't, what's the point of life? \ I completely agree
A situation happened to me earlier this week where my faith was tested. \ What happened?
A woman approached me on the street and wanted to sleep with me, but I had to tell her I was married. I stayed true to my loving wife. \ But did you even hesitate and think about it?
I just received a raise at my one year evaluation. It is so nice to know that they value their employees. It makes me want to continue to do well at work. \ That's good to hear.  Is there any chance of promotion in the future.
I can definitely see upward mobility. This raise makes me want to stick around and work to achieve a higher status. I really appreciate them. \ Are they hiring? I could use a new job. 
I have to run an errand after work so i'll catch traffic and its going to take me an extra 30mins to get home. \ That is annoying. I wish public transportation was better in the city.
Yeah its pretty awful. It basically doubles my time to get home. \ Maybe see if you can do your grocery shopping to. Maybe that will save you from having to do it later in the week.
I thought my friend would never find a girlfriend, but he really proved me wrong recently and it makes me pretty proud. \ That is greta. Is she really nice?
I haven't met her and technically she isn't his girlfriend yet, but they seem really into each other and they are going on a date soon! \ Ok, so it is early days. When is the date?
I think it is tomorrow! \ Well let me know how it all goe!
How long? \ I'm not quite following. Anything you want to tell me about?
About what exactly? \ Well did you have any story or anything that you had in mind that you wanted to tell me? I told you a story of mine before so you owe me haha.
I was listening to pandora and an old song came on that reminded me of my parents.  \ What was it ? I'm a music lover.
Johnny B Good! A solid gold oldie! Brought back so many memories.  \ That is one of the tunes that is on the gold record flying out of our solar system on the Voyager probe.
I'm getting scared because both of my parents will not be with me too much longer. They've both got dementia. \ Thats terrible to hear... :( When did you find that out? 
About a year ago. They hardly know me anymore, and I'm an only child with no real connection to my extended family. \ Ugh I dont even know how to respond to that other than to tell you to hang in there. Lots of positive and love your way. 
So I have been traveling around by myself.  It has been getting to me this week. I miss my friends. \ What sorts of places have you been going? Alone time is always great but then sometimes it gets to be too much so I understand.
I just got to Vietnam. There is no one in this hostel so I havent met anyone to hang out with. Maybe I should move to a different city. \ You could always do that but maybe exploring on your own can give you a different perspective on things.
No one will watch my Youtube videos and it's frustrating. \ Have you tried sharing it to your friends on social media?
I have but no bites. I don't get why people won't give me a chance. \ Just keep cranking them out. YOur videos will get better and your channel will grow. I know it can be annoying at first.
I just took my final exam at law school. \ How do you think you did?
I am pretty sure that I did really well. I find out next week. \ I think you'll do just fine.   Do you still have to take the BAR exam after?
I won first place in a mountian bike race last weekend. \ Congrats! That is so cool!
Thanks its the first time I've won one before. \ That is really something to be proud of!
There would usually be four of us playing per round. The person who came in last had to take two shots. The person who finished third had to take one shot. The person who came in second had to take one shot. The person who won the round didn't have to take a shot. It was a fun game.  \ That does sound like fun!  What is the came called?
Super Shot Brothers We would play using the Nintendo game "Super Smash Brothers" \ That sounds amazing!  You all must have really enjoyed playing it!
My internet keeps going in and out and it is really bothering me! Why can't it just work like it is supposed to! \ Are you on wireless, or a wired network?
It is wireless.  I keep on having to unplug and then plug back in the router and modem!  Very frustrating! \ Wow, that sounds terrible. I really do hope you fix your internet problem.
Im starting my new job in 2 weeks and counting day every last second!  \ Congratulations. I bet you cant wait.
I cant honestly I am so ready for it!  \ You are gonna do great. Enjoy your time before you start work.
So I got my final grade back. Even though I studied a lot I still failed. Now I have to take the class over the summer. Im so bummed. \ Ugh I would be bummed too. Dont give up tho! 
It just ruins some summer plans I had. I was supposed to go on a trip but now I wont be able to make it. \ I know, but you will have so many more summers coming up you got this 
My friend bought me lunch today \ That was nice. What did you have?
I had a nice burger and fries \ That sounds good. I bet it was fun to hangout and eat with your friend.
I have big tests in three of my classes this week! \ Wow.  Have you studied for them?
A little, but I'm not worried about it. I'll do fine. \ That is great!  What classes are they in?
I'm dreading the loss of my parents. they are 88 and 85 now and both with dementia. \ Just enjoy as much time as you can with them , losing loved ones is never easy
They're kinda already gone. You can't talk to them, they don't remember more than 30 seconds at a time. \ thats sad to hear 
i stated running recently 2 miles a day, the other day i increased it to 3 miles and did not even break a swet i felt really good \ That's fantastic. How old are you?
im 31 and in a few months ill be 32 \ Keep up the good work.
I hate flying. Something bad is going to happen, I feel it. I don't want to get on this flight. \ oh no, why do you think like that.. All should be good
Because, plane crashes are awful! \ ah ok. If intuition tells not to fly. Lets not take chance. you should skip the flight
My exam results are up next week. Result is so important for me this time \ I'm sure you did great, do you have doubts that you didn't?
No , I think it well. But however i have butterflies in my stomach already now \ It sucks having to wait for something like that, I know, but it will be here soon enough. Try to relax.
im stoked to go to the park later today \ I bet you are. What are you going to do? 
take my dog to the park and meet up with some friends! \ sounds like a real good time i hope you enjoy it 
My neighbor is so loud at night. Everynight after 11pm shes out in the parking lot, in and out of her vehicle making noise.  \ that must be pretty frustrating
It is honestly especially when you have to work in the morning  \ maybe you should have a talk with her
I had a very nice stranger do something for me today at the grocery store. \ Oh really? What did they do?
I was $4 short on my grocery bill and they stepped in and paid for it. I was very thankful! \ Wow! That was really nice of them.
I hurt my foot at work the other day. Kinda ruined my plans. \ How did you hurt it?
I tripped over something. It really sucks because I was planning on going to the park with my daughter. \ That really sucks, I hope you feel better and can take her another day!
I cannot forget my 25th birthday even if I tried. What an AWESOME day it was! \ That sounds crazy! What happened?
You would never believe it but my friends pretended to be kidnappers and nabbed me, so you could imagine how petrified I was, only to be taken to a room and hear surprise!! \ That sounds like it would give me a heart attack.
I had never had tea thinking it was going to be awful but I recently had some and liked it a lot. \ I am sure that was quite a delightful experience, especially since you were not expecting to enjoy it. Was it regular tea or flavored? 
Just regular green tea. It was iced and not hot though, since it's the summer \ You had an invigorating tea, delicious! Would you have it again or was this a one time encounter with tea?
People need to stop letting their dogs poop in my yard! They aren't even respectful enough to clean it up! \ that is ridiculous! that's annoying when people don't clean up after their dogs! I love going to the local park with my son and there is dog poop in the grassy areas
It's so gross! It can attract all sorts of bugs and rodents! \ It is, plus it's so antisanitary
my neighbors had a party last night, so freaking annoying! I could barely sleep. I went to talk to them but they didn't care \ You should've called the police if they didn't listen to you
I did call police later on. I didn't wanna do it but i had no choice \ It sucks that you were forced to
I ran into an old high school friend while at the store. It was a shock!  \ Has it been a long time? 
Yup about 15 years! I also live in a totally different state than the school we went to!  \ Oh whoa. That is pretty crazy. Hopefully yall can become friends again.
When I was at the store the other day, I slipped in front the cute girl that works the register. I feel like such an idiot. \ I would have been feeling the same way too. Oh well maybe she thought it was cute. 
I dont know if I can go back there again. I looked pretty stupid. \ No way! Come on. You are a champ walk back in there. 
Both of my Daughters have performed well in school so far. \ That is great, do they enjoy it?
Yes, I think that they do. They don't usually dread school like a lot of kids do. \ That is awesome, I am sure it makes you happy
One day my son broke my facorite lamp \ Oh no. I bet he felt really bad about it.
He did and thought I was going to hit him \ Is it repairable at all?
I hate when people pull in front of you, especially when it's clear behidn you. \ It is very annoying! I hate it too
Had to slam my brakes. I don't get people at all. \ Some people should not be allowed to drive! We were rear ended 2 times last months! Can you believe that
I know i'm an adult but I'm very scared of the dark. i have a good imagination so i always see something creepy \ That;s ok, everyone has some kinda fears that make little sense to others.
That's why i can't sleep alone or if i'm alone i always keep the light on \ Hey, I can't sleep without socks. It's no big deal.
First day of work at a new place \ Congrats! How is it going?
I knew they hired me for my skills and talent so I knew I would succeed  \ That's great, I'm glad you are transitioning to something new so well.
My neighbor watched my kids at the last minute when I was in a bind, she's awesome. \ That's great, how did you repay her?
I haven't yet but I think I'll treat her to a musical she wants to see that's coming to town. \ That would be a nice gesture
On my 29th birthday my wife invited all my friends without me knowing \ a surprise party that is awesome - did you have fun ?
Yes I did, It was such a shocker! \ im really happy for you 
The thing the bugs me the most at my job is really lazy workers , they only work when management is around and as soon as they leave back to being lazy \ Well thats part of being in the workforce, work when everyone is looking, hang out when they are not. Most people arent paid enough to care
well i do care , and if i every become management again im firing everyone slowly \ Sounds a bit harsh, but business is business
I was a bit nervous on my wedding day.  \ I could imagine. Its a big day you both waited so long for.
Biggest thought in my mind was : Would my wife really only be with just me for the rest of my life?" \ Im sure once it was over you realized that you would be okay with that.
Last time I visited my parents I passed in front of my old highschool. It was cool to see the old football stadium still there. \ Old memories are the best. Do you plan to go back again soon?
I wont be back until Christmas. Maybe then Ill pass by my old friends house to see if it looks the same. \ That sounds good, hope you have a great time
My wife has owned her own business for 3 years. \ Thats so impressive! You must be proud. 
I am, I am really impressed with her \ I would be too. Thats amazing. Good for her! 
I fixed my AC all by myself. Pretty impressive if I do say so.  \ Awesome, You saved yourself a ton of money by doing that!
For real! I was impressed by what you can find on the internet now a days.  \ Yeah I could not imagine life without the internet
i felt bad about sleeping in today \ Why is that 
i fell behind on things i needed to get done \ You will be alright buddy
now that I am married I no longer feel I don't have a companion \ im sure that you will find another soon
Well, I don't feel lonely anymore because I just got married buddy \ im sorry, i read that wrong. i am very happy for you!
I experienced the grossest thing this weekend \ What was that?
I was at a theme park and someone got off a rollercoaster and they threw up right in front of me.  It was so gross, i thought I was going to be sick \ Yuck! I don't think I'd be able to hold back my own puke if that happened to me.
Reading about the Mandela effect always gets me thinking about and missing my childhood for some reason. \ I know what you mean.  Theres some crazy stuff out there about it too!
Do you have a favorite one? \ The Berenstein bears one i think is crazy
so i am trying to type fast right now and my cat keeps moving on my lap. \ i love cats, just hold it between your arms, it will be okay
yea she finally decided to settle down so i think I can type good now. \ thats better, but sorry for the disappointment she had caused
i am excited am goint on vacation next month to Paris. I have been waiting for this period and cant wait to be there \ wow that is amazing I went there back in 2000. You are in for a big treat. Make sure to get french bread.
yah, french bread is on my list, will definitely do it \ Also the mcdonald's taste way better there than in the US if your looking for good cheap food. 
Something really gross happened to me last week \ What was it that happened to you?
I put my garbage out on garbage day and an hour later a bunch of raccoons had tore it up and it was everywhere. \ They are hungry little beast.
I am getting lunch today and it will be great! \ Where are you getting lunch?
I am ordering the nachos from a new restaraunt! \ That sounds fun! Are you going with anyone?
Last week my wife left me. \ im sorry that is awful
Yeah, I felt like I had nobody after that \ eventually you will feel better again
i feel like a have accomplished a lot this summer \ What have you done this year if you dont mind me asking?
ive gotten a lot of work done and spent time with friends and family \ That is great, well there is still time to go this year!
My oldest daughter had a violin recital a couple of days ago. \ I bet that will go in the record books. How old is she? 
she's 13 and has been playing for a little over 3 years now. \ Thats amazing. You must be proud. Good for her! 
 My wife has been so stressed out lately but I have been taking care of her.  \ What's it all about?
Everything, not able to find a job, we just moved, too much going on. ugh  \ Sounds like she just needs some time to settle in, and catch her breath.
My son was accepted into college the other day! \ Congratulations! thats awesome.  Does he know what hes going for?
He is going to be an engineer! Although I told him it is ok to change paths once in school and you get a feel for it \ Wow, so he must be really smart then.  Make sure he doesnt do too much partying like I did.
I felt like I was living in a real live sports movie over the weekend, it was pretty cool \ What happened?
My son had a soccer tournament and his team won.  The craziest part was that he scored the game winning goal. \ That is so awesome, you must  be so proud!
Just the other day it was my sons first birthday! \ That's so sweet. How did that make you feel?
I was so happy, it is crazy how quickly a year goes by \ Yes! We will be planning a second birthday soon! I cant wait!
It was such a great day. He came so quickly! Ready to meet the family! \ Who are you talking about?
Two years ago when my son came. I still get nostalgic thinking about it. \ Oh awesome, yes childbirth is an amazing feeling
My uncle helped me out with $1,000 when moving out of state recently. \ thats awesome i bet you were very thankful
Yeah, for sure. I'm not sure I could have really done it without some help. \ thats what family is for
i am happy about the beautiful weather today \ I love it when it's nice out. Are you going to do something outside?
yes, im going to the park later this afternoon! \ That sounds great. A nice long walk in perfect weather. There's hardly anything better.
My daughter won an award at school. 1 out of 1000 kids could win and she won it for art!  \ That's awesome! I bet you're really proud of her.
I am very proud of her and still cant believe that she won! So amazing.  \ I really hope that you continue to encourage her! She may have a future as an artist.
My brother just bought a new car... \ Are you excited for him or jealous? lol 
Well, I can't help but feel like he only did it to make me feel inferior. \ I feel you! I know its hard having siblings sometimes! Go buy a toy car and park it on top of his. 
I studied for 1 whole year for the S.A.T. \ What was that secret? 
Study everything you can and take practice tests! \ All the best for your exams!
My grandma becomes too old and depend on others for her needs. \ You need to take care of the elderly, I am sure she has cared for you your whole life
My neighbor lets her cats use the bathroom outside in our yard, and of course I stepped in some.  \ Have you talked to her about this ?
Yeah and she doesnt seem to care.  \ Then use her yard as a garbage can. That's what she does to yours.
I like to work on my old truck in my garage sometimes. Makes me nostalgic. \ I am sure it does. What kind of truck is it? 
It's a 1968 chevrolet. \ sounds super cool! 
Hi, Do you like to go on the hiking trails? \ Hey! Yes, I do actually especially when it's nice out.
Me too!!! What do you like to carry your water in? \ I carry it in my nalgene wide mouth water bottle. What about you?
My former roomate left her cat keychain here. We fought a lot, but I kinda miss her now. \ Is she far away from you now?
Yea. She's going to grad school across the country now. \ Oh, can you go across there and visit her?
I give my neighbor my house key so that i do not lose it. Can you do that as well?  \ No I don't know my neighbor that well but my best friend lives close so she has my spare key 
That is good. Do you think it can be wrong for me to do that \ If you trust your neighbour it is fine
I started a new job a few weeks ago I want to get promoted quickly \ You need to be patient. Getting promoted at your work place takes patience and perseverance 
I have a good chance though it is a very small department  \ Your hopes are high. It means you have a good chance of getting it. And i hope you have the requirement too? 
I was lost in a neighborhood I didn't know, when some guy came up to me and quietly asked if I needed a ride. \ Please tell me that he was friendly and nothing creepy! 
I wouldn't know. I defnitely didn't want to risk it and declined the offer! \ Thank god! LOL I was like please tell me this was a positive experience... 
So this is going to sound crazy but, one day I am going to win the lottery.  \ That would pretty amazing. What will you do with the winning?
Pay off my debts from moving number 1, and then buy a house! What would you do with the money?  \ I think the same really. Making sure everything is paid off, having a roof over your head, etc... is what most people would want to take caer of first.
Something really great happened when I was eating with a friend earlier. \ Oh yeah what was that? 
When we finished eating my friend gave me a gift as a token of our friendship. It was really sweet. \ That is super sweet of them! So nice. 
My brother promised not to tell my parents my secret, and of course he still did.  \ That was not very nice of him. Did your parents react well?
No, and He really shouldnt have told. He promised me.  \ What a mean thing to do.
I told my wife my deepest darkest secret.  \ Yeah, I'm taking care of her for the last few months. 
Ok good for you \ yeah i should
 My grandma becomes too old and depend on others for her needs. \ Could you help her out once in awhile?
I'm taking care of her completely. \ Well that is really considerate!
I spilled all my coffee on my shirt in front of the cute barista. I dont think I can return. What an idiot. \ Haha, you could have played it off as cute and clumsy and maybe they would have been into it
Oh man I dont know. I feel awkward. Maybe Ill go back next week and make a joke about it. \ Yea thats a good idea.  Be like, hopefully I dont spill this one on me too
Im pretty nervous, and i need some positive thoughts sent my way. \ What do you have coming up? Ill keep you in mind.
Ive been talking to this girl that I like and I think I’m going to finally work up the courage to ask her out on a date.  I think that she will say yes! \ Just have confidence. It sounds like you already know the outcome. If she says no just dont make a big deal out it.
I was feeling really courageous today and did something that I normally wouldn't do. \ What was it that you did to feel so courageous?? 
I went up to a girl I liked and asked her out. She said yes! \ That is well worth taking a chance on since the risk of rejection did not happen and the payoff was a good outcome. She said yes! 
I like to help at the animal shelter walking the dogs. They get a chance to get out of their cages and be with a nice human like me. \ That is really nice of you! I am sure they appreciate it
They do. They get to smell the grass, they play they get their exercise, they get to have fun, they get to be a dog!  \ They get to enjoy themselves and have a good time! :)
For some reason, when I turned ten I demanded a surprise birthday party from my parents. To trick me, they ended up planning the party for the day after my birthday. I was extremely disappointed on my birthday, but they sure got me the next day! \ ha ha ha thats a good one tho! Your parents tho omg. Thats funny but I am sure it wasnt in the moment. 
It sure upset me at the time, but I appreciate it all the more now! \ I know I would have been super upset in the moment. 
 It was storming the other night and the power went out.   \ Was everything okay? Did it take long for the power to come back?
It was out all night and it was super scary. I heard a noise from the kitchen.  \ That is scary! I hope nothing came inside
I just barely passed my math class.  \ Are you pretty bad with math?
Yes I am, which is why I wasnt too bummed when I didn't have a high grade. \ Well maybe you will get a good overall grade and pass!
I am in a storm right now. \ Is it a hurricane or something worse?
It's one of them thunderstorms! \ Oh no, stay indoors for sure!
I won a car in a contest recently.  \ That's awesome! What kind of car is it?
It is a chevy malibu. What a great feeling \ Yeah, I'm jealous. You're so lucky!
I got a threatening phone call... and now I'm scared. \ Can you report the caller?
I should be able to. I recognized the voice, it's someone that I used to know. \ Be sure to do it, otherwise they could keep harassing you
When the Las Vegas Shooting happened, I was so emotional and sad. \ I know it was terrible. Are you from vegas? 
I have family there  I hate when stuff like that happens. \ ugh well i hope no one in your family was affected 
I got one of the jobs I have been wanting for years.  \ That is great I am so happy for you, what industry are you in?
I do sales work! Not the best but pays the bills!  \ Thats all that matters, and your happiness 
My grandfather was diagnosed with cancer recently. \ Oh my God, that's terrible.
Yeah I have been visiting him every week and spending time with him \ Well, I will pray for you, and I hope our advanced medicine and doctors can cure him.
I'm pretty broke, I'm not in my home state anymore, I'm unemployed, and I don't feel as though I have a future ahead of me. \ Keep your head up and ask around if anyone has oppurtunites for you
Yeah, I've considered it, it's just that I'm also recovering from some medical issues that got me here in the first place. Overall, 2018 has sucked. \ It will get better, its always darkest just before the dawn
I answered wrong for the easy question in quiz competition. \ That happens sometimes.  How did you end up doing in the end?
I lost the competition. I feel shame about it. \ Don't sweat it.  There's plenty of other competitions that you can try again at.
I was really looking forward to the birth of my daughter, but that feeling when I saw her for the first time.  Nothing like it at all. \ Yeah, It's priceless moment. Being a mother, I can understand your feelings.
I would think it wouldn't feel the same with my second daughter, but no, it felt the same way all over again. \ Each birth is special irrelevant of first or second. I am happy for you though
I'm so happy with all my achievements i have made in life. \ Wow! It looks great that you feel achieved
The most outstanding achievement is when i was able to graduate with my Doctoral degree by the age of 30 years. \ Congrats Doctor!! your parents would have been proud of you
I became a great cook. I learnt lot of dishes \ Nice, like which ones to be specific?
I am very good at teri yaki chicken \ I love delicious foods more so teri yaki, so yummy.
I'm glad I left school.  I would've probably ended up taking a job I hated. \ What are you doing now?
self-employed freelancer making $2000 a week \ That is awesome, good for you!
My best friend stole my car last week \ Are you serious
Yes, I had a bad feeling about him but I trusted him anyway, I want to find him and beat him up \ Does he still have your car
I cant believe how fast time flies.  It feels like just yesterday sometimes \ YEs it does, take advantage of the time you have now
I found an old box of photographs so ive been looking through all of them.  Seeing all these people I knew and was friends with makes me wonder what they are up to now. \ Reach out to them and see how they are!
On my birthday my parents give me a decent sized check \ Thats awesome. I love getting money as a gift.  Then you get to spend it how you want
It helps pay for bills and debt, I am so appreciative of it \ Paying off debt is where i am now.  its hard work, but so worth it
i have studied and i am ready to take my test soon \ What class is it for?
chemistry \ I never took chemistry. Do you feel prepared for the test?
I remember when my first child was born. The nurses handed her to me and I remember feeling happier than I ever have been. \ thats awesome i cant wait to have kids!
There's nothing like it. It's exhausting but in the back of your mind you know there's nothing better. \ i bet!
Someone backed into my truck in the parking lot \ Oh no, did you see who did it?
No I didn't. \ Darn, I hope your insurance covers it
When I was a child I was terrified of the basement. \ That's unfortunate. What made you so scared of it?
It is dark, black and cold \ There were no lights in the basement?
I attend church every sunday. \ I'm proud of you! I attend both Sunday and Wednesday nights each week
My belief in god is what keeps me moving forward \ God is always there for you and always will be. 
Last night at like midnight the power cut out completely on my street \ Oh no, did you have candles and flashlights available?
We luckily had candles around! I was so worried cause it was so fast it was like someone cut our power \ Good thing, you have to be prepared for those situations
I just got a dog, adopted from the shelter. We could see that she was definitely abused. She was so shy at first, but by the end of the month she was all over us! \ Are you going to keep her?
Absolutely. She makes us very happy. Her name is Coconut \ Is she a brown doggy?
I am finally finished with my work project! \ That's great! What kind of project is it?
It's one of those that are for another business and about making money! \ Making money's always good! Do you think it'll be a success?
I'm the guy who gets mad at his friends for not living up to their full potential. \ it is frustrating to watch i agre
like they introduced me to this self-employe gig they only do part time...and now I pay rent and bills with it, plus save some extra....and they still want to do it part time and keep their dead-end jobs they complain about! \ that is unfortunate, hopefully you can give them guidance
i am thankful for my supportive family \ That's great.  Have they always been as supportive as they are now
yes i have been very fortunate \ nice.  what do you do for a living
At the movies last week, the children would not stop talking. \ were they your children?
No they were unsupervised, I was getting fed up \ I would be too. I would have complained to staff.
I went out to the garden and there were a ton of mosquitoes, I couldn't even do any gardening. \ Have you thought about spraying your garden?
I thought about it but they were coming from the grass around it and I'm worried the dog would get sick if I sprayed the grass \ Perhaps there is an all natural remedy you could try
I have always been a fan of pets \ What kind do you have at the moment
I have a german shepard. I love taking him out for walks. \ Nice I love German Shephards! They are cute when puppies and monsters when they grow up, my kind of dog
I used to chain smoke a pack of cigarettes every day. I've since dumped the habit and now workout to destress, because I now have more faith in my body's natural capacities. \ Good for you, as an added bonus you are saving more money!
You're absolutely right \ Cigarettes are very expensive depending on where you live
In high school it felt like everyone had their first kiss before me. \ At least you finally got one! Sometimes it helps not to focus too much on what everyone has has or has done.
It took so long and I was getting envious of everyone else \ I get it, everyone wants their first kiss like yesterday! It's a big moment!
My old hard drive that had a lot of pictures on it went out on me. I'm so upset. \ Oh no, do you have a digital backup?
I don't. I guess that's a dumb decision on my part. I should have prepared for this, it was getting old! \ Its ok, you can always make new memories, it will not replace what you have lost, but it is a start
I was once a little scared that I was gonna die since I was in the passenger seat with someone who was very high driving the car. I didn't know a whole lot about drugs at the time. \ I'm glad you made it out alive. I wonder what drugs they were on. Some drugs actually make you more careful.
He smoked some pot, so it really wasn't a big deal but I didn't know that at the time. \ Good thing he wasn't drunk or he very well could have gotten in an accident. Alcohol really impairs motor skills.
I wonder how my ex got such a pretty girlfriend. He doesn't look that great. \ Damn, what would you rate both of them? I know it might be a little childish but it helps me picture it haha.
Well I would rate his girl as a 9 and him as a 6.5. Seriously, he drives a beat up jalopi and still lives with his mom. I just don't get it. \ Wow he really dated up this time around, lucky him I suppose.
I cheated on my girlfriend in high school. \ That's pretty messed up. Why did you do that?
I thought with the wrong head, I feel terrible about it \ Are you going to tell her?
I found $80 while I was cleaning out my truck. \ That is awesome, what will you spend it on?
Gonna put it in the bank. saving up to buy a home. \ Good for you, make sure you get the 20% down.
Right now in my life, I seem to be confused as to what i'm doing and where I should be. I don't feel as though I have a stable base to start from. \ There is no "right place" to be for everyone. Each person has their own individual path
Well, I'm not sure if I agree with that. I tend to think that each person is supposed to be on a specific path set before them. \ I think that we are free to do as we want and we are in control of our fate.
I had an embarrassing moment last week when I went to work.  \ Oh really, what happened?
I left home in my pajama pants and didn't realize till I got to work! \ Oh wow, you must've been pretty tired to make a mistake like that.
i was shocked how nice the weather has been the past couple days \ Same here, I'm in Texas.  Where are you located
in the midwest! \ Nice! I used to live in St. Paul, MN.  Weather's like a tundra which is why I'm down here
I remembered myself as a kid watching "Fivel Goes West" with my mom and dad when I heard the song "Somewhere Out There" on TV today. \ i have never seen it
Too bad.  It's a great movie \ i will check it out then!
I was mowing the lawn today and it started storming out of nowhere! \ Were you able to get inside fast?
No. I was in the middle of the yard and it was sunny, next thing I know it's pouring down rain and I'm soaked. \ Oh wow! That would be annoying!
My cat just turned 23 last week and has been really sick. \ Aw, I really sorry to hear that. Is is serious?
Yes, I think we will have to put her down next week. It is going to be so hard. \ I'm sorry, At least you can rest assured knowing that your cat lived a long life.
When I was a kid I put a lot of faith in people.  Now I'm paranoid by default because I hate getting screwed over \ That really sucks that that happened to you. Maybe start by putting small amounts of trust in people
Lmao so far trust has gotten me jumped, lied to and heartbroken.  Like Scarface said the only person I trust is me :) \ Ha, sometimes the only person you can trust is yourself.
I just finished a big project of mine and I am really happy with how it turned out! \ Nice what kind of project was it
It was a painting of a waterfall. It is really beautiful \ That's aweseome. I'm happy it turned out well. You must be pretty artistic
I bought a very cheap dress and i thought it would be low quality but surprisingly it is very well made \ That is the best feeling! I love getting a good deal on a great product.
me too! i'm pretty cheap :) i didn't expect that dress to be such a good quality \ Sounds like it was a nice surprise :)
I turned 29 the other day, originally I was kinda feeling bummed out about being in the last year of my 20's. \ I know how you feel! I'm about to be 30 and i feel so old lol
I was feeling the same way but then I really looked back and reflected on my life and I'm actually pretty happy with where I am at today. I feel like I've accomplished my goals this far and that made me feel good. \ that's really great! you are such an optimist, i need to learn from you :)
who would and would not be eliminated was the apprehension of the night \ What were they being eliminated from?
A singing competition \ Were the singers any good?
I was watching a sporting event, X games actually. I saw a trick that really impressed me. \ waht type of game is x game?
It's for extreme sports and that sort of stuff, like skateboarding. \ ok ,so was it fun?
I went on vacation to Florida and had a great time. I just felt really happy and relaxed the entire time. \ I'm glad you had a nice trip. Was it your first.
It was, actually! I'm from Louisiana and was so surprised at the difference in humidity! The heat is more bearable in Florida. \ I would have thought it would be the other way around.
My daughter slept in too late this morning. \ Oh no! Did she miss school?
No, but we had to rush more than normal. \ Well good thing she got there! Kids always tend to want to go to bed at the last minute and end up not sleeping enough or sleeping past their alarms!
I was surprised at how creative and fleshed out the "Fight Club" characters were on screen...especially after finding out the script was originally a vague short story. \ Oh man, Fight Club is a great movie! I just recently saw it myself and was really surprised too.
Nice yeah I love how at the beginning there are foreshadowing images of Tyler flashing in and out of frame...pretty unique style of filming \ I agree, that movie is definitely ahead of it's time!
i am visiting my old hometown on vacation! \ That's cool.  Where at
San Diego, CA. I haven't been back here in 12 years. Being back here brings back sooooo many memories! \ That's aweseome I've always wanted to go to Cali...from the Midwest, moved to TX to escape the desolate tundra haha
I had been craving a burrito all day and my sweet boyfriend brought me one after work. \ Do you like Mexican style foods?
Yes especially burritos, but after I took a bite, I found a hair in it and lost my appetite.  \ Oh did you tell your boyfriend about it?
I am looking for a new vehicle. \ What kind are you looking for? I don't know about you, but I hate car shopping!
I am trying to find something that is easy on the gas and affordable \ I understand that. Gas is so expensive!
I am become so angry and bitter. My brother is having it all while i am at a spot without making any progress  \ That's really tough. I can imagine how frustrated you are. Just know that going through trials and struggling is always good for your character and you will end up that much better of a person for getting through it. You can't be too concerned with other's lives, you just have to try not to compare. 
I am trying my best, but he lives so close to me and i can see all the progress and my mother do the comparison too. Everyone does it  \ Oh well that's too bad but their behavior is not right or fair, and they will deal with the consequences of that themselves. Forgiving them is good for you and for them. Just try your best to let go, I know it's tough- but people everywhere are way more successful then you and way less successful and you don't compare yourself to them I hope so why focus on one random guy just because he's your brother.
I was getting my email hacked and wanted to lose my temper and send the hacker insulting, threatening emails. I felt compelled instead, by my faith, to remain patient. I ended up getting my email back in the end! \ That is good. You finally conquer it all with your patient. 
Yeah, it might not be good to assume that but I couldn't help but feel that things worked out because I managed to keep my faith/patience that the situation would be okay.  \ I will advice though, in some cases you have to report this to the security agencies 
I just got my vacation approved by work. I leave next week. Im getting real antsy though. \ Oh where are you going? Is it a long trip?
Im going to the beach. It is about 6 hours away. Its all I can think about. I hope I dont forget anything. \ Make a list and start packing for it a couple days in advance! 
A while back my cat knocked over and broke my mothers urn. \ Oh I am so sorry. Cats can be very mischievous sometimes. 
I was so mad for the longest time but I've gotten around to not being so made about it \ Yea I feel you. At the end of the day you cant blame the cat. It didnt do this on purpose.
Hi, I had a great vacation but something went wrong \ oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What happened?
My pet dog done died. \ That's horrible. I am sorry for your loss. 
My son just passed his fist level in swimming lessons. I feel good to be his dad right now. \ Did you help him to learn the swim techniques?
Yes, we would practice every even in our pool when the weather is nice.  \ How old is your son now?
I was fishing the other day in a boat when a large alligator swam right under my boat! I felt him bump into it too. \ That's pretty awesome...were you happy to see one or were you nervous
A little of both! I was just scared he'd tip the boat over!  \ Oh man he must have been huge...did you get any pictures
Thought I'd never squat 300lbs again after my surgery...but I shocked myself with my progress, and now I rep 315lbs ten times on the regular \ Oh wow, that's amazing! I workout as well.
Great good for you \ I actually injured my back a while back as well. I haven't gone to the doctor yet, though!
My 15 year old cat passed away recently. It hurts really bad. I spent a large amount of my life around that cat. \ Oh no, I'm sorry for your loss. Cats are such nice companions.
She was a very friendly cat. I will miss her. Hopefully I feel better as time passes. \ Yes, time will help get over those feelings. Do you plan to get another one?
My pet budgie bird died this morning. \ Oh man I know how you feel. How old was your bird?
He was 10 years old, we spent so much time together. It's hard when you loose a pet. \ That is horrible. Take some time and grieve. Im always here if you need someone to talk to.
My daughter recently got a spot in headstart for this year and I'm excited. \ That is awesome!  DO yo have to pay for Headstart?
No , it is a free so that is another plus! \ That's great.  My daughter is 3, so I hope I can get her into a program like that!
I am finally going to see the new Jurassic Park movie this weekend! I am super pumped about it!" \ That's cool. We saw it when it came out.
I hate to ask, but please tell me it was great! \ It was exciting.
I'm excited for payday come the end of this month....self-employed paycheck is bigger than the peanuts I used to scrap for in my 9-5 kaching kaaaching \ What type of job do you have now?
I'm a freelancer \ Oh that is nice. Do you have a website for your business?
I hope to get the good news from the doctor today. \ And what news would that be
It would be that there is nothing wrong with me. \ best of luck friend
I was kayaking this summing in the ocean and I was followed by a great white shark! \ Oh wow! That would be so scary! What happened?
Yes it was. Well he followed me for about 30 minutes before finally swimming away. I was shaking so much. \ How far from shore were you?
I am almost done with law school. \ That's awesome, congrats! Do you have a job lined up for when you finish?
Not yet, but I can't wait to graduate and start working. \ Yes, it will be nice to have a good pay cheque coming in.
My friend learned how to fly a plane in his spare time! \ Wow, that's a pretty cool hobby. Just a small plane?
Yup. He said he might move up to bigger craft but he's not sure yet. Regardless, I wish I had the nerves to do that \ Yeah I always thought it would be fun to learn to do that. 
I seen this guy driving his motorcycle only on his back wheel today. It was crazy  \ Haha, I've seen plenty do wheelies. I've seen a few crash too, sadly
Oh no, yeah he seemed like he had it under control. It was pretty cool. \ That takes a lot of nerve, so kudos to that guy. I'd never do that because I'd probably die lol
I'm going on a date tonight. I'm pretty nervous \ That's great!  Don't be too nervous!  Your date is most likely just as nervous as you are!
Yeah probably. I'm sure I'll be fine. \ Just try to have a fun time and let what happens, happen!
My dad just gave me his carbon fiber road bike since he got a new one! I never expected he would give it to me because I know its worth a lot! \ Yeah they're great. Super light and rigid.  They feel kind of springy when you ride them
I know!  I love it!  I would never have been able to afford it on my own!  It wasn't even my birthday either! \ Do you have clipless pedals on it?
Hey, how's it going? Isn't it tough meeting new people these days? \ Absolutely. It doesn't help that I'm pretty introverted.
Same here. It also sucks when people let you down. I once let this guy crash on my couch because he had lost his apartment, and it didn't end up good at all. \ I hate when you help someone out and they take advantage of you. I could never do that to someone.
I recently had a chance to buy an electric vehicle but ended up opting for one that was conventional. I feel a little bad about the decision. \ Why do you feel bad? It is a tough decision for sure, but you should never have to feel bad about it.
Well, I really do care about the environment and feel like a hypocrit. I usually preach to others about pollution and what not, and here I am not making a decision consistent with my values. \ I hear you on that, but the way it is right now, everything we do is destroying the environment, and I'm sure you do plenty already to help. Until electric vehicles are more affordable and reliable, you can't blame yourself for the choice. I'm sure your words have affected others and made them rethink their choices, and all that helps and adds up.
I felt destroyed when I failed one of my college courses last year \ Sorry to hear that. Was it a difficult course?
It was only calc 1 so i was quite embarrassed, I passed easily next year \ That is good if you could pass it.
I have a friend that I know since I am kid. He is always there for me. He is one of the few person that I can trust for anything. \ I know what you mean, childhood friends are so important and treasured
It is very important to have someone that you count on in your life. \ I agree, it feels great to have someone stick around for so long
I feel that for every loss in my life I gain tenfold more blessings.  My life's pretty great these days not gonna lie \ Blessing are another reason to be grateful! 
Agreed.  When my ex left me I was heartbroken. But now I'm fully self-employed, chasing my dreams, and meeting way more attractive girls  \ How long were you married?
The other day, my daughter decided we needed to take a homeless man a sandwich. I'm so grateful for her kind spirit. \ That's really generous of her.  She'll grow up to have pretty good karma 
I am sure she will. Have you experienced a situation like that before? \ Yes.  I once helped out a friend in a car wreck.  A month later I got a flat tire changed for free
I just found out my brother in law's wife was cheating on him. And guess who it was with? My friggin' brother! \ Oh man! That's some Jerry Springer level drama. What happened? Did you tell him/
I immediately did! Holy hell it is indeed some serious drama. \ Are they going to break up?
I accidentally peed all over the front of my pants last weekend when I was at a restaurant. \ Oh man, that must have been humiliating! Did people notice?
Yeah, my belt fell in front when I was using the bathroom and it splashed everywhere. I had to dry it off on the air dryer. \ Oh, man! I'm sorry to hear that. Gotta be careful next time!
I got best employee award last month!! \ Congrats! How did you do it, and where do you work?
I work for a bank. It was due to automation idea i gave. Just sprang out of my mind. due to that they gave me. It was quite surreal \ My mom worked at a bank, and it's not as easy as you'd think it'd be, that's for sure. Congratulations again!
So the first time I ever went to donate blood, after I signed up I instantly regretted it. I was soo worried about that big needle, and when it finally came time? It wasn't even a big deal, it was soo easy. \ Everything is harder until we do it. And am proud of you for donating blood. It is one of the good habit of this human race i would say.
Thank you! I felt a lot better after having done it. Do you know what blood type you are? I'm O+, so I feel like I really aught to donate more. \ yeah am B+, O+ is quite common and it can match for other blood group and O-ve is the opposite
Hi, guess what just happened to me? \ You met Johnny Dep? I have no idea, what happened?
I won a new car! \ Wow, that's pretty cool! Congrats! That's a pretty exciting new thing in your life.
I was fired today from my job. I was about to qualify for a good retirement package and they let me go for no reason. \ Do you think they just didn't want to pay for your retirement?
Yes it seems like that. I'm going to get a lawyer and see what I can do. \ Are you a part of the union?
My girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. She told me today. \ Wow that's cool...with hers or your credit card..?
haha, hers. \ Then she's a keeper for sure
I'm no loner and I love hanging out with my friends.  But for me true Nirvana is when I've got my own space...because I feel that having peace of mind is a gift that most people take for granted. \ Sounce like you're a bit of an introvert.
Not exactly.  Had 2 girls over yesterday and it was pretty fun lol...all while ppl were messaging me on facebook \ Yeah, That gets old after a whle for me.    
So my boss chose my coworker for a promotion instead of me. I felt like I work just as hard as he does, if not harder! \ Well that's awful. Did you ask him why he didn't pick you?
I didn't want to make things awkward, so I didn't. Hopefully I'll be next in line! \ Yes, I hope so too. it's nice to get promotions at work.
My parents just bought me a new car for my birthday! \ You must be so happy! What kind of car?
It's the new Honda Civic. I woke up and looked outside and there was this bright red car with a bow on it. \ Oh hell yeah! I bet you're so thankful to your parents. Enjoy your new car!
I found out my sister is pregnant today! She's been trying for years \ Oh that's cool.  Glad it worked out for her
Yeah, I think its great. \ Boy or girl?
I saw a little kid hit a bullseye at a shooting range with a .45 magnum.  He did it 3 times too, it was cool \ That's impressive but, 45 mags are rare. are you sure it wasn't a 44 magnum?
that's what it said in the youtube video \ Interesting.  It is a real bullet. 
Hi, I was on a carnival ride and something terrible happened to me! \ Oh no! What happened?
The young person done puked. And it got all over me! \ Oh that is nasty! What did you do?
My son is graduating early.  \ Congrats, is your son very old or young?
He is 17. He also got several scholarships. He's worked so hard for this. \ Is he a sports player for the scholarships?
I was camping last weekend and I heard an animal walking around outside out tent in the middle of the night. \ Holy crap! Did you see what it was?
No! When we got up we seen these large weird footprints like nothing we've seen before. I was speechless.  \ Oh wow. Should have taken pictures of it and used the internet to help you figure out what it was! I'd be curious.
Yesterday I was walking in the mall and my foot caught the edge of a carpet on the floor, I ended up tripping and busting my nose on the floor! \ Oh no, did you get hurt very badly?
I feel like my ego was hurt more than my nose, but yes, it hurt like hell! \ I hope both our ego and your nose heal up quickly!
I feel sad and kind of guilty when I see old pics of my late Grandma. \ I'm sorry. That must be difficult. I am glad you have pictures to hold on to though.
Yeah I wasn't there for the funeral cuz she was all the way in the Philippines...but looking through photos brings back good memories too \ That's too bad you couldn't go, but memories are great to have!
There's a job opening at the law firm that I've always wanted to work at. \ Oh nice! Hope you get it
Thanks. I applied and will keep my fingers crossed! \ Best of luck!
My nephew hit the ball really far in his baseball game the other day. \ Good for him! Sounds like he's a real slugger!
Not sure if it was skill or luck but it was a great hit either way. \ Did they end up winning the game?
Yes they won and we all went to Dairy Queen after. \ Yum! I used to love Oreo Blizzards. There was a rusty hairpin in my burger from there when I was a kid. I almost swallowed it.
My dream car is a Hyundai Genesis, but I didn't get approved for financing unfortunately. \ Sorry to hear that you did not get approved.
It's ok, a car is another bill for me anyway. I'll keep taking Lyft. \ You are right about that. Owning a car can get expensive.
What's your dream car? \ My dream car is a Chevy Camaro.
That's a nice retro car, which year? \ Classic 1975 would be great.
I made a bowl of cereal for breakfast and when i started eating i realized milk was spoiled!! I started gagging. it was so gross!  \ Man I'm sorry to hear that...I've wasted a good protein shake doing that once
don't you hate that? gosh, i didn't eat anything the whole day because i don't have an appetite anymore \ Oh well I was starving...I just rinsed it out with some mouthwash and ordered a big pizza lol
I'm amazed at how far I've come in life...from being a loser living at my parents' house not contributing anything to society..to being a self-employed entrepreneur paying my own bills and rent in Texas \ that is absolutely amazing! I'm so proud of you! You should be very proud of yourself as well
Thanks for your support :) what do you do for a living \ I'm a stay at home mom and honestly it's the hardest job i've ever had but the most rewarding one :) I told my husband i want to keep having kids so i won't have to work again lol
 I visited an aviation show yesterday and was absolutely amazed by the skill involved! \ Was there a big name event going on? I've seen the Blue Angles live 
I was so calm and happy the other night just listening to rain hitting the kitchen windows  \ I use to live in an older house that had a tin roof, and I'd always love hearing the rain beat on it! Helped me sleep like a baby,.
It was the single most calming thing! I love the sound of rain on a tin roof too!  \ I wonder if that's a common thing? It's very relaxing.
Im so aggravated.  I think im going to cancel my cable service \ /oh no, what happened, whats the problem with the provider
I got a larger than expected bill for my cable this month. so I called them to see what was up and I had to wait on hold for 20 minutes.  After that, the system just hung up on me.   \ Bad customer service. You should definitely switch
After long time i played soccer.  Am so bad at it now, i used to be good \ Sometimes that happens when you take a break from something for too long, but with some practice you might be able to pick it back up again
hopefully, i was really really bad though infront of friends \ if they are really your friends, they wont care if you were bad
I used to hate it when girls wouldn't text me back.  Now that I'm focused on my job and networking I put little to zero effort in meeting girls...and as a result they're the ones checkin up on me every night lmao \ Absolutely! I've always noticed that phenomena. If you act too desperate it actually puts them off. On the contrary, acting a little disinterested gets THEM more interested.
Yup exactly... but I feel like even "acting" disinterested can be pretty transparent since girls are super intuitive...just staying busy and being constantly on your grind turns them on...for me personally anyway how bout you \ I can agree with that. Women like a man who is dedicated to something. It shows good characer.
A friend of mine let me try Korea snacks made with seaweed. I wasn't sure at first, but I ended up loving them! Paint me surprised. \ That's cool.  I'll have to try those out sometime
They have salted seaweed that is crunchy and sort of like a potato chip. It's really good! \ Nice does it go well with any dip? Or is it better alone
I loved getting to see my best friend unexpectedly, I never get enough time with her. I cherished every minute! \ Its always a great time when that happens.  My best friend and I moved away so I hadly ever see them now
Aw that sucks, I hope you get to see your best friend soon! It's always so good to catch up and talk about memories. \ It is, it makes all those memories just flood back
Do you ever see someone and feel like you are transported back in time to a specific place and moment? \ Oh yes! Deja Vu has happened to me quite a bit! It's eerie and cool huh?
its crazy! I ran into my ex at the grocery store.  She has kids now, so that was weird.  We talked about some of our old memories.  It was fun thinking about the past and imagining what could have been. \ It's always intense running into ex's. I'm glad your guys conversation went well and you guys could catch up. 
Man, some people are just nasty. One time my cousin had an infected toe, and he would not wash his hands after touching it. \ He probably passed the infection to his mouth! Gross!
Lol, I wouldn't doubt it, especially since he stuck the same finger he used to touch his toe, right into his mouth. It was so gross to watch. And then afterwards he went to the fridge and started touching all kinds of items in there. \ He needs to be quarantined whenever he gets some kind of sickness, lol.
My 30th birthday is soon and I am actually looking forward to it! \ Oh awesome! That's crazy, because my 30th birthday is next week, lol. What makes you excited? Because I'm dreading mine.
I feel like if I convince myself I'm looking forward to it then I have no time to dread it! \ Hahaha, I guess that's true. For me it's pretty bad. I don't know if you're familiar with the internet term, but on my 30th birthday, I'm going to be a "wizard" lol.
I just purchased the Oculus Rift virtual reality system! I can't wait to get it and try it out! \ I've always wanted one of those! I hope you enjoy it.
I know I will.  I am pumped up about this thing! \ I've tried some of the cheaper virtual reality headsets, but I'm sure they can't compare at all!
My neighbor lets his dog wonder freely around the neighborhood. I honestly wouldn't care much if his dog wouldn't poop on my friggin' lawn all the time. \ That would make me so mad!  What did you do?
I haven't done anything yet, but it becoming annoying enough that if it happens one more time I'll give him a call. \ You should!  No one should have to clean up after someone elses animal.
im envious of my friends who are off work today \ How did they get off work midweek?
thats just their normal schedule \ That would be nice but not fun that you don't have the same days off.
We go on vacation once a year as a family. \ where is your favorite place to go?
I just love going, when it gets closer to when we are leaving I look forward to it. \ i can imagine, i hope you have a great time this year
I love who I am now.  But I'm livid at my older self, that guy was a deadbeat and I'd probably beat the crap out of him haha \ Im glad you made changes for the positive in your life.  You cant go back into the past, but you can keep moving forward
Yup agreed 100% \ What kind of changes have you made and why did you decide to make them?
Im worried that I am going to get fired at work.  I dont know what to do. \ Why do you think you'll get fired
Just found out that my partner at work submitted our project, but most of his work was stolen.  I didn’t know that he did this, but I feel ashamed and embarrassed. \ Do you plan on discussing this with your boss? 
I went parachuting and had to pull my secondary parachute due to a malfunction in the first. I was FREAKING out. \ That would be so scary! Did it work on the first try?
It did! That's the first thing that came to mind right before pulling it; "PLEASE let this one work!". \ I can't imagine. Are you planning on going parachuting again? 
My son starts kindergarten soon. He is my first one. \ I remember when my first child started, I was a nervous wreck.
They sent out an email saying that he may end up with a substitute teacher until they hire someone.  \ So they don't even have teachers yet? Wow, that's crazy.
When shopping, I found a pants that I liked, but my partner insisted on getting different one. We argued and people were staring at us \ Don't you pick out your own clothes?
I do, but my partner wanted to accompany me this one time and she turned to a stubborn mode \ People care about the dumbest things.
I had a couple rabbits once, interesting pets to take care of. \ Do you still have them?
No, this was as a kid. The dog essentially killed one. Then the other one became more grumpy. \ Do you own any other pets now?
I'm stoked for my EP release.  Still working on it but I'm 7 songs deep and feel like a lot of people will vibe with it \ Oh sweet, I can't even  imagine the excitement you must have. I hope everything works out for you!
Yes thank you. \ We need more musicians who are about the music and bringing enlightenment to people. We got way too much commercial garbage on the radio. I really hope your message resonates with people.
Man, you ever do something stupid in front of a whole crowd of people? \ More than a couple of times.
Haha, I know the feel. Once in High School I was trying to find a seat at a football game, and I tripped and fell in front of a whole bunch of people. They all started laughing at me too. \ That's not bad at all.  
i got in a car accident 2 months ago and now i get so anxious every time i need to drive somewhere \ I'm sorry for that. Have you tried going to therapy?
not yet. i'm so broke i can't even afford it. I had to buy a new car and my premiums went up  \ I'm so sorry but you'll get there in time.
Went out to lunch and no one ever came over to greet let alone seat us, what a waste. \ I would never go to that place again. Did you go to a different place?
No, by the time we got there and back into the car, it was time to head back to work. \ that's horrible! I'm sorry to hear that. if i was you i would write a bad review on this restaurant's facebook page
I'm not antagonistic but if someone disrespects me in front of my friends and family or tries to start a fight I'll be ready to knock him out cold or snap his arm \ i get you. i hate fighting but i'm not going to be disrespected either.
Yup what goes around comes around \ i totally understand that.
every week i have a laundry list of things i need to get when i get paid. then pay day comes and it's gone in a second. \ Hm I can relate to that haha
it is really hard to always be broke \ I'm not always broke but I feel like what helps is leaving my credit / debit card at home and just carry cash for what I need
i went to a job meeting and a couple of people were late so we had to sit and wait for them! i was so mad \ That must have been really annoying. Sucks to be a person who's on time dealing with people who don't care about being on time themselves.
i know! Like, can you be professional and show up on time? \ Did you say anything after they arrived?
I'm saving up for a new vehicle so I've been driving around an old ugly green truck in the mean time. It's a bit embarrassing being seen in it. \ As long as it takes you from A to B and safe to drive that's all that matters:) I used to have 1995 camry and it looked old and beat up but it was the best car i've had
I've got to say, for an old truck it rarely gives me trouble and runs great! It's a 1995 Chevy. \ i feel like those type of cars are the most reliable! 
How can i not be  made at her when my wife wasted all my retirement money \ She spend all  youre retirement money? That's pretty messed up.  Why did she do that?
Yes, I just checked my account and realized I am broke :( \ Are you going to divorce her?
No I will make her pay for what she did to me  \ Are you going to the police?
I will make her work to pay my children's tuition in Yale when they graduate I will divorce her \ Sounds like a plan.
I lost my favorite pocket knife \ Oh I hope you can find an alternative
I guess I can always buy another. \ Sounds like you'll be alright after all
Yeah but, it won't be quite the same. \ At least it's better than having nothing to use
I have had a break up recently. I feel so empty \ I'm sorry. How long had you been together?
I have had a break up recently. I feel so empty \ I hope you feel better soon.
My daughter is aggravating me over not being allowed to be on the computer. \ oh no, is she on computer too much?
She just isn't allowed to be on it on school days. \ you got a fair point. You would need to soften her with something else other wise children's will keep aggravate you 
My husband got a promotion, it's going to be great for our family! \ Ooh, awesome! I bet everyone's excited! I hope the future holds many more wonderful things for you!
Thank you so much, I'm so glad he's worked as hard as he has.  \ Yea, some people really prove that hard work can pay off. I hope he enjoys the promotion!
It's rough getting older. I'm about to be 35 and I've never had a girl friend. I have a couple friends in the same boat as well. \ Have you gone on dates before?
Not even once. I've never done anything intimate with anyone in my life, lol. My friends stress out about it, but I think I've come to just accept that we're not all made to find someone. \ It could be that but some of my friends have said that with social media and online dating, it's harder and harder to truly connect with someone. There are a lot of people out there struggling.
I was supposed to take this trip I am on with my friend but they could not make it. I decided to come by myself. Im really missing friends right about now. \ I still think you made the right choice by going.
I hope so. Its just hard not having someone you know from back home with you. \ True.. but, who knows... maybe you'll make a new friend.
My cousin died in a car crash. \ I am so sorry. That is heartbreaking.
I feel terrible. \ Itll take some time to grieve. Just make sure you have close friends and family nearby to talk to.
i was driving down a back road to work and there was a dead skunk \ Whoa, did it stink? Was it roadkill?
it was roadkill and it stunk to high heaven \ Haha, man, I bet that was fun. Poor skunk didn't know what hit him.
Man, I know it's for the best, but I don't know if I'm ready to join the Air Force. \ what is making you have second thoughts?
Well, I just don't know if I'm physically fit enough for Basic Training. And it's hard imagining signing a contract for 4 years. But, I know it'll be better in the end, it'll set me up with a good job and good work experience. \ there are other options in life but you must always follow your heart when making such important decisions.
Though the odds are against you, I understand why people gamble. I remember a particular time I was playing video poker at a local dive bar. \ I've never gambled. What happened when you were playing video poker? And is it fun?
Well, take this with a grain of salt, but it CAN be a blast. I put in $5 like I usually do, and on the first deal, I hit $1000. I went nuts, cashing out immediately and started shoving $20 bills in to everyone's hands and pockets! \ Wow, check out Mr. Moneybags over here! That must have been a real thrill though.
So okay, hear me out. I was at the post officer the other day and I had to wait in line for the ONE pen the post office seems to have. Why only one pen? \ As we say around here, you ain't lying! How long were you waiting?
I guess like ten minutes. It's not that long, but you shouldn't have to wait! And then it's chained to a pole like they're really protective of it. Oh yeah, and the ink is almost always out by the time you get to it. \ We have all been there! How hard would it be to put a few extra pens out? They gotta be worth like what, a couple pennies a pop?
I am counting the days until I go on vacation. I can't wait! I am going to Europe for a month. \ wow that is awesome are you staying at a friends house? 
No.  I am staying at a hotel in Rome.  I don't know anyone there. \ wow are you looking forward to seeing the coliseum ? 
So I was driving on the interstate and another car ran into the back of me. \ Wow.  Did you get hurt?  Sounds scary.
No just the airbags went off and I hit my head and got a few bruises.  \ I am always scared about those airbags!  I am so glad you are ok!
My mom is so awesome, she cleaned my house for me while I was away on business. \ Wow! Did you thank your mom or buy her any gifts on your trip?
I didn't but she got some big hugs for the gesture! \ Dang! Can I get a hug too? 
I have no friends and I am lonely \ Have you tried getting out and meeting new people?
No, it is difficult to meet people in my area because I like in a farm. I only talk to the animals \ What about online friends?
I found some photos of the spring break trip I took when I was 18. \ Wow, I bet that was nostalgic. How'd it feel seeing your old self doing fun stuff?
It was pretty great. Its strange how young we all looked. \ Haha, yea, although some people I know haven't changed at all. I just miss the energy I had from when I was younger.
The new Smash Bros direct came out today, and they revealed 5 characters that people have been wanting for years! \ That's great. You must be excited.    Have you played all the smash bros games?
Yup! The first one came out when I was in like middle school. So it's crazy finally getting a character you wanted in the game over 10 years later. \ That's pretty cool. I've never played it before, What genre is it?
It's like a fighting game, but some people call it a "party game", but basically it's a fighting game with all kinds of Nintendo characters. You have stuff like Mario, Donkey Kong, Link, Zelda, Pikachu, etc etc. So every time a new game comes out, people post online about who they want to see in it next. This new game is filled with characters and I think most people will be happy. The first game came out in 1999. Time sure flies.  \ That sounds fun I might have to check it out.  It sounds pretty nostalgic.
For sure, it's definitely worth playing. The first game was on the N64, the newest one is going to be on the Switch. If you have a Wii U or 3DS there's a Smash game on each of those. I love the game, I used to play in tournaments with my friends. \ I won't have a switch but, I think that may be worth checking out.
I honestly think New Orleans is one of the most exciting places to live in the US. You never know what you are going to find around the corner. \ Yes, it does seem like a fun place. I would love to go to the Mardi Gras.
Mardi Gras is great, but stuff happens every day. One time I was showing some friends around from out of town, and we heard some voices on the other side of a fence. We ducked through a hole, and found a bar with a full band playing - complete with couples swing dancing! \ That sounds like a lot of fun! I wish I would have seen it!
When I go to the gym with my girlfriend, she is always looking at the other guys. It makes me feel a bit weird. \ I understand where you are coming from. Can you blame her for window shopping though?
Yeah, I guess so. I'm guilty of doing the same things now that I think about it. \ Honestly, we all do it. Plus, who cares if she checks out other guys if she is coming home with you!
Next Spring Break we will be going on a cruise to Cozumel. We have never been on one before. \ That's awesome. you must be excited.  I've been to cancun but not cozumel.
We are so excited. My parents are taking us and my sisters family is going also. It is going to be so much fun. \ You're not worried about the bad booze or kidnappings?
I've been living alone for the last 5 years. \ I would hate to live by myself. I have been married 21 years and have 6 kids and 7 grandkids. I don't know what it's like to be alone.
ITs got its pros and con's but i'm about tired of it. \ Yeah, my kids are almost all grown. I don't know what I will do when they are all gone. I guess I will just enjoy the grandkids and my husband. It will be different.
I discovered a family of rats living under my balcony. They give me the creeps! \ Oh gosh! That's terrible. I stayed in a house with a rat problem for a while, it was not fun. What're you going to do about them?
Well I tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me! I had to run back in the house. \ Woooow, haha. Time for a game plan! I hope you can get rid of them, you may need to call up some friends or an exterminator.
You ever have a dream that feels way too real? The other day I had a dream where I was a kid again and I was with my family and everything was peaceful and happy. \ Yes all the time! That sounds like a nice dream. Do you still have a close relationship with your family?
Yea, I do, but it was strained for a while. It got real bad between them and it led to me honestly hating them both. It really sucked because I enjoyed my childhood a lot. It's nice that it's better now, but it's still not what it used to be. I actually woke up crying from that dream, lol. \ Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can repair and issues you have between you guys. There's nothing more important than family.
I walked up on a snake in my yard a couple of days ago. \ Oh my gosh that's terrifying! What kind of snake was it? And what did you do?
I killed it, and burned it. \ That's awesome! I am truly impressed with your handling of the situation.
I hate when you go out on a limb for someone and they turn around and burn you for it. You know what I mean? \ I'd say that'd be a real disappointment to say the least.
You can say that again. One time, I loaned a friend a bike to get to work and back. A couple weeks later I heard he stopped going to work and had pawned the bike for drug money. \ End of friendship.
I just love little kids. \ I have 3, do you have any
Not yet. I am going to become certified to work in a daycare though. I love being around little kids \ I don't think I could work in a daycare. It would be overwhelming.
I hope not for me lol \ Some people are just better at working with kids.
That's true \ I like kids but I wouldn't want to work with them all day.
I clean my house every week and last time I had to clean my toilet, I almost threw up. \ That is the worst. 
Yeah it was bad. My husband needs his gut checked out! \ lol. All men do for that matter
Agreed! I wish I could hire a maid! \ You and me both. 
I got Ford Mustang for my birthday. My father in law presented me that!! \ Wow, what a surprise!
it was indeed, unexpected that too from my father in law who resent me lol \ Oh why is that?
My daughter is 6 and learning how to use a sewing machine, very cool! \ it is indeed, learning things at young age is a boon. you got an exceptional daughter
Thank you, I'm pretty lucky to be her mom \ haha!! you are i guess!!
1 \ I am not quite sure what you mean by that?
sorry that was sent by an mistake \ That's OK, It happens to the best of us!
I don't think I am a judgmental person, but we all have our limits. I stayed on my girlfriend's friend's homestead for a day, and I can still smell it. \ oh that little unfair
Trust me, this place was out of control. They had the pig pen and the chicken coup within a stones throw of the main house. To top it off, they had running clean water, but no toilet indoors!  \ oh enjoy dude
I lost my cell phone today \ oh no. did you try to retrace your steps to find it?
We were at Old Navy. I think I set it on top of the car and drove away like and idiot \ oh that stinks. did you have phone insurance at least?
I do. We just got home so I am going to call once we get settled in. I can't believe it \ i'm so sorry. hopefully there is something they can do for you
I probably will have to pay but I think they will replace the phone \ it's worth it so you don't have to be without a phone.
i was at work and when i went out to my car there was a meowing sound \ I know where this is going lol
do you know? i thought so too \ So it wasn't a kitten?
i wish! here i am looking all over for a kitten under my car or in the wheel well or up in the engine. but nooooooo! \ What was it?
a freaking bird squaking about that sounded like a baby kitten in distress. \ There were some burds fighting under my car once and I thought it was cats.
Me and some friends went to the movies one time and one of them started to panic in the theater. It really scared me until I realized why. \ sorry about that. what was happening
Turns out my friend ate a huge edible and it got him way too high so we had to leave until he calmed down. \ thats sad. glad you were around to help him
she gotan accident and by the time she was reached in hospital, the doctors pronounced her dead \ Oh my goodness, that's horrible. Who was she?
she was my cousin \ That's horrible, I hope you are okay and are recovering from that.
I just finished working on a presentation that I'm supposed to give tomorrow. \ Congrats! How do you feel about it? And what is the presentation on?
I feel pretty good about it.  I've spent the last two weeks crunching numbers about our holiday projections. \ It's good that you worked hard on it. I hope you get a raise or a bonus for your labor!
Sometimes you know your friends better than even their long term roommates know them. Have you ever been in that situation? \ I think so.  Sometimes our friends show us sides of them that they rarely show other people.
That's definitely true! I am thinking of one person in particular to be honest. We waited all night at her house for her to join us so we could make this party. She never showed! \ Did you make the party anyway?
I took my daughter shopping today \ That sounds like fun! It's great to spend time with our children. Did you have fun?
I did. My daughter is almost my size. Reminded me that she is growing up on me... \ Oh yes, they can do that when they get older. My daughter is a teenager now, so I can relate!
Not too long ago, my mother unexpectedly paid off a high monthly payment and interest loan! I couldn't believe it!  \ Wow. That is a blessing
Yes, I didn't have a clue she was going to do it and it was very much appreciated it.She's always so great thought, I am blessed. \ I am going to always take care of my kids like that
it was the best feeling ever watching my son graduate school \ I bet it was! I have two kids but they're pretty young. I'm looking forward to seeing them achieve the same thing.
work with them and instill that education is very imortant \ My son is going to the fourth grade and has been doing great so far. I hope he can keep it up!
I cooked a delicious looking plate of scrambled eggs with ham on top, but when I melted cheese on top of it all, I hadn't noticed the cheese was bad until it was too late. \ oh man, that is the worst! all that hard work, ruined
Luckily I had a pizza in the oven for my kids. I ended up just stealing a piece of that instead. Either way, so frustrating and disappointing!  \ i love eggs and cheese and would have been heartbroken. good thing pizza was available
The world famous sturgis rally is this week.  I am going for a ride on the motorcycle tonight to check it out! \ I have never heard of that
Huge motorcycle rally near mt rushmore in south dakota \ oh cool. I never been to any kind of motorcycle event
MY kids still get excited for school. \ I bet.  What grades are they in?
kindergarten and 8 \ Are you excited for them?
i orderd a tshirt from my favorite band, limited edition, said it was my size and was completly too small. i cant get a refund at all \ That's really frustrating. What band was it a t-shirt for?
