No way! It can just be a stressful time because of who I have to deal with and I really wish I didn't have to go through it this week. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Well, I hope it's over with soon.
Maroon 5 is coming into town. I've never seen these guys live. \ I hear they are good
Yea, I like their music a lot. \ They are talented for sure
I knew my brother would me this week. He gave me his word \ What did your brother do?
He helped me on my car \ That's really nice of him. Sounds like you won the sibling lottery.
My mom baked me a a cake out of nowhere. Lady doesn't even cook. \ Wow that's nice. How was the taste?
Well, I actually haven't ate it yet, haha. \ Oh I see! Still, a great gesture to get a cake.
My old car broke down on me recently while I was out, but my roommate came and got me. I was so glad. \ Your roommate is awesome. I'm glad you weren't stranded.
Thanks, yeah me too. I am really thankful to him for taking the time to help out in that situation. \ I had horrible roomates. I'm glad you gotta keeper.
There a guy parked right in front of my house the past few hours. He keeps looking towards my house, I'm getting kind of freaked out. \ That's creepy, do you think you're in trouble for something or is it someone random?
It seems like someone random. I have a bad feeling about it. I think i'm going to call the police.  \ I would do so just as a precaution, can never be too careful!
I'm annoyed with all the political talk and drama! I know everyone has an opinion, I just don't need to hear it. \ I feel the same way! I mean, my Facebook feed is full of all this garbage.
Right! I just wish people kept it to themselves. \ I actually use a special extension on my browser so I can block certain things like this on my Facebook! You should try it!
I have a meeting with my boss for my yearly evaluation tomorrow morning, yikes! \ you must be nervous, but im sure you will be fine
I am and we'll see, I may have came in late a little too much recently. \ hahaha that might be a small proble, but nothing to be worried about
i hate when i fart in public it is so embarrasing \ You're unable to hold them in?
i can hold them but some of them are just accidental and it is the worst, depends on what i eat haha \ I'm sorry, that must be pretty rough on you!
I brought lunch to work as usual, and it seems everyone went out to lunch this time around \ Dang! I hate when that happens.  It's always the day you don't expect it to happen, it happens.
Thanks. I just watched Youtube videos in the office by myself. No shame. \ That's always a nice alternative, could be worse.
I'm prepared for this upcoming winter this year. Bought all the supplies in case of an emergency. \ Oh man, I should do that, too.
I learned from last years winter storm, electricity was out for weeks! \ That's good. What did you get for preparation?
My husband recently got me a great gift. He got me a beautiful 14 kt diamond ring! I had no idea he was. \ Wow that is awesome
Yes, it was so sweet and unexpected. We've been married almost 23 years so I guess I deserve it lol \ That is a long time
I was sad when my grand dad died. It was random \ Oh, I'm so very sorry! I know it's very hard to lose a loved one, I lost my sister, father, and both sets of grandparents.
Its always tough \ Yes, even though it's part of life, it doesn't make it any better when it happens. I hope it starts to get better for you soon.
i was happy to see that i got approved for my vacation next week \ Nice where are you headed
disneyworld! \ That's pretty awesome :) is it your whole family going, or just you and a significant other
I'm usually rushing to the store for a protein shake after a good pump at the gym, so I don't miss the infamous "anabolic window"...but these days I come with a premade drink and get to take my time still getting all them gains bruh \ wow sound serious. you do this everyday?
I try. 6 days a week \ thats a nice committment you got there. congrats
I really like the new BMW, it blew away my expectations. \ I would love that car
I wish I could afford one but it is very expensive. \ I am in the same boat
I was happy when my brother got us game tickets. It was going to be fun \ What game will you be going to?
Its a baseball game \ I love baseball, who is playing in the game you are going to?
Even though it is hard...I have been very committed to someone even when they do not deserve it \ Not a lot of people are loyal. Who is this someone?
A partner kind of...They are away at therapy of sorts right now because even though I am committed..I won't be a punching bag. No one else has helped them in their life..being a stable and healthy home..so I have. \ Being a punching bag in a relationship is no good. It's a 2 way street. Is your partner doing their part?
My friend didn't like the price of wedding cakes, so she just made her own \ That's pretty awesome! I feel my skin jump a bit when I see how much people spend on one day
Yea, really, She was getting quotes of $200+. We don't care about fancy cakes and just want her to be happy. \ I feel the same! No use spending that on something that will be eaten either
My mom helped me buy a car. She's the best. \ That is great that you have an awesome Mom!
She's amazing. Do you love your mom? \ Yes I do love my mom very much.
I think everyday how fortunate I am to have a house, car, food, water and air to breathe. There are so many people in the world who don't even have clean water to drink \ You are so right. Even some of the worst conditions in my home country are better than most.
Yes it is good to not take the things we have for granted. \ I agree. We need to cherish the things we do have in this world.
My almost 16 year old daughter wants to get her ear cartilage pierced. \ Oh, how do you feel about that?
I'm not so sure, it has to be done at a tattoo shop and we didn't have such a great experience when she was little and had her ears pierced.  I'm thinking it's more of a "follow the crowd" kinda thing than her truly wanting it. \ Are you going to allow it then?
My friend went against his parents wishes and didnt have a big 10k wedding. \ How did they feel about that?
They were upset, but he stuck to his decision. \ I can understand not wanting a big wedding, I wish I would have made a different decision.  Good for him.
I love being able to collect toys for kids who might not get them on Christmas. \ That is such a noble thing to do.  Do you work with an organization or on your own.
On my own, I find it's easier to be in control. \ That makes sense.  Well, you are doing a lot of good.
My son wiped himself for the first time today! \ Wow, that's great! How old is he?
He is 4.  He seemed a bit young but my wife said give it a go and he did it. \ That's great, it can take awhile for boys to get the hang of it all.
I've been with my wife for 30 years. I don't know how I got so lucky. \ That is very lucky
Yea, I know. I remember when I asked her out, I didn't even think she'd say yes. \ I am glad she did
I knew my dad would help me with my test. He was good with math \ That's awesome that your dad helped you out with math.
He was a good dad \ Was? Is he no longer around?
My friend passed away in a car accident in the 5th grade. I keep a photo of him around ever since. \ That's so sad! I'm glad you have something to remember him by.
Yeah, we used to do everything together. We used to play a lot of street hockey in the summer times.  \ He will always live on through spirit in your heart. I'm sorry for the loss.
I'm prepared to buy another car soon, mine is on it's last leg. \ Ah, that's too bad. But exciting at the same time! Do you have a particular car in mind?
Probably a used Toyota in 2008-2012 range with low mileage. They last forever. \ Yes, I heard the same thing! Cheap on parts too!
i hate that people dont care and they just throw their trash on the street \ do you pick up after them or tell them anything?
if im walking i pick up as much as i can \ thats good of you
i was excited when i got approved my for my vacation \ i would have been as well, going on vacation is really fun. are you going with family?
yes we are going to disneyworld \ that is really fun place to go with family, i was there last year and really enjoyed it
I followed the directions to a tee. I think this kimchi will turn out delicious \ Well I hope that it turns out well!
Thanks. I love kimchi but don't want to spend $20 on small bottles anymore. \ Yeah that makes a lot of sense. Good thinking!
I was working on a really tough and boring project. When I was done my boss didn't even care.  \ Wow. Sounds like you have a wonderful boss. Sarcasm by the way.
Yeah he's a catch.  \ Is he always this way?
My neighbor, who I've lived near for eight years, just got a brand new boat. We're alright friends, and we get along well, and I don't usually have any negative feelings towards him. But I can't help but feeling like he's better than me after he's gotten a boat. \ Its just a boat
Yeah, I know. But since we've lived near each other for a long time and have had similar lives, I can't help comparing myself to him.  \ I can get that sometimes
I was nervous driving this evening. The traffic was so bad \ Seems like a silly thing to be nervous about, unless you're a terrible driver.
Its not silly at all actually \ Well, to each their own. They have driving classes if you ever feel like you need them.
So I had a meeting with my boss today and it went pretty well \ That's amazing. What was the meeting about?
It was an annual performance review.  I got a raise. and he said that my performance was great \ You earned it! Good job!
My mom painted my room, because she says she wanted to do something for my birthday but couldn't afford much \ That was nice of her.  How did it come out?
It's really nice! I like it a lot. \ Awesome.  What color is it.  Happy Birthday by the way!
I haven't seen a horror movie in so long. I don't know if I can take watching one this weekend with my friends \ I am with you on that one
Not a fan of horror either? \ I hate it
I was happy my brother graduated. He worked hard \ Congratulations to him. Is he younger or older?
He is older \ Ah so you're the young one. Do you look up to him?
Fingers crossed that I won't lose my gains from the gym after this 40oz budweiser \ You need to induldge every once and awhile, right?
This is true.  Cheat days are essential \ I heard they can keep you from hitting a pleateu.
My friend is moving away, I am going to miss her so much. I can't help but cry a little when I think about it. \ Aw sorry to hear that...why is she moving
A new job offer so I don't blame her \ nice well if you keep in touch everyday maybe it won't feel so far
I think that the girl of my dreams likes somebody else. I feel very sad about it. \ ooh, am so sorry about that. Have you tried to talk to her?
It's tough because she has been out of the country for a month, so I will likely discuss it when she returns. \ that will help you know her stand on your relationship
the event was all white from dressing to the decorations. I really loved it \ I'm glad you enjoyed it. Was it a wedding?
it was a wedding shower \ That's wonderful. I am going to a wedding next week!
So this one time my grandmother gave me a scooter, it was the best gift ever, I was really happy \ Thats sweet that you remember that, how old were you? 
I was around 10 years old I think, it was quite a long time ago for me now haha! \ I wont make you reveal your age! lol :p 
My daughter fell the other day pretty hard, I had to hold her until she calmed down.  \ Oh no, that's scary, is she okay?
Yeah it wasnt too bad just a couple scrapes, its hard seeing your kids get hurt.  \ That's good, I'm glad it wasn't serious.
I was training at the running track today and seen this guys running so fast! It was insane!  \ oh yea? did you try to keep up with him?
Ha, definitely not! He must have been a professional athlete or something like that. \ ah thats true
i loved takin care of my sisters dog last week \ That must have been fun! I love dogs. What kind was it?
a brindle boxer \ Fun, I have a friend who has one of those. They're very playful.
Going to the store today was a bit hard.  \ It was? What made it hard specifically? Hopefully nothing too bad happened.
Not too bad! I do not like big stores or being around people sometimes but you still have to run errands. I just swallow the panic on those days as best as I can. \ Yeah, I'm with you. I hate going to especially Walmart, because it's so freaking crowded all the time. It's a hassle getting even the shortest shopping list. But I'm on a budget and it's where I have to go.
Try the big A store online as it is cheaper then walmart a lot. Do you know you can get pickup also at walmart for free? Helps if you don't want to shop there. I feel you on that- I don't like big stores especially! \ Thanks for the awesome tip. I appreciate you trying to think of an alternative for me! I'll give it a look.
Girlfriend found a lump in her throat. She has no idea what it could be. Has a doctor's appointment tomorrow. Not sure how forward I am looking to finding out the results, but I guess it's better than leaving it up to my imagination \ Very true! Maybe a gioter and she needs more minerals, thats what it is a lot.
She's had other health issues in the past, so maybe they're related. Either way, she's a worrier, so now she's non-stop pacing and looking stuff up online. It's all I can do to help her even get a few hours of sleep. \ yes! Research is a life saver, never just rely on doctors..they almost killed me and many I know. I hope it's not too bad!
I feel guilty for smoking in the house today when it was raining outside. \ Almost all my family members have smoked at one point in time. I feel bad for the people that get caught in the addiction, and I wish I could help them quit. Sorry to hear it's such a hassle enough that you had to do it inside.
It's a horrible addiction that I always keep putting off correcting.  I plan to make an effort to quit tomorrow. \ Hey, I really hope you do. It was partly why my dad had a stroke and then had health problems the rest of his life. But I'm sure you get that all the time. You have to do it for you, not because of horror stories and all that. I hope you get through it, though.
I had to leave my dog at the vet overnight, so they can run some tests. She hasn't been eating much lately, and she's just been really lackadaisical and lazy. I don't think I'll be able to sleep tonight, knowing she's there in a weird environment, all alone \ Aw, I'm sorry to hear that, is she getting up there in age?
She's almost 10, yeah. I know sometimes you just have to let go. But she was fine a few days ago! I'm still holding on to the idea that it's nothing. We'll see! \ Hopefully they will diagnose her correctly and she becomes her normal self. Fingers crossed!
I still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college. \ Is it working well still
Yea. it's still kicking 40 years later. \ Its nice to have
I was not sure I wanted to start my new job. I was nervous \ How'd it go?
It was okay eventually \ I'm glad you're getting used to it now.
I'm jealous of people who own those new Tesla's. They are slick! \ Oh yea, the Teslas look pretty amazing!
I need to start working on improving my career to afford one of those bad boys. \ Maybe they'll be more affordable and even slicker when you get around to it.
My family cosigned my mortgage loan, because my credit wasn't good enough \ That's a very supportive family you have.  I'm right there with you on the credit, mine is not too good.
Thanks for understanding.Yes, I luckily have a great family. \ Make sure you tell them you love them when you see them next! :)
I was mad when a check bounced my friend gave me. I knew he was shady \ Thats super sketchy of him.  I never accept checks from people.  Only cash. just in case
I learned a lesson for sure \ hopefully you will still get the money
I can't believe my neighbors,  They are so rude.  I hope they move soon \ I do not like mine as well
They always play music so loud and today they parked on my grass.  I want to complain but i don't want to start a fight \ That is annoying
I finally got around to making mug cake \ How was it?
It was delicious. I haven't had  cake that didn't come out of a plastic bag in over a year. \ I have no idea what kind of ingredients you even put in a mug cake?
I don't get why people feel the need to be Facebook trolls and leave nasty comments? \ Pretty much they have problems in their own lives.
You really think so? \ Yep. If people were truely happy, they wouldn't have time to troll others.
i went into that interview last week ready for anything they threw at me \ That's awesome. Sounds like you were well prepared for it.
yes and i got the job \ That's great! Congratulations on getting it!
My best friend is coming to visit me this Friday. \ oh thats nice. do you all have plans?
Yes, we are going to grab dinner and then some drinks while catching up. \ that sounds great.
I'm finally going to get to talk to a girl I contacted onine \ That sounds fun! Do you have a first date planned?
haha I hope I get a date! We're just talking first. \ Ah okay, good plan. I'm sure she will go out with you. Just don't sound too desperate. 
I like to swim laps, and I discovered that you can see directly up my shorts if swimming behind me.  \ Wow. Must be a sight for those behind you all this time.
Yeah, my girlfriend told me about it. I had been swimming in these shorts for weeks before I found out. I feel pretty awkward about going back now. \ It's ok. I'm sure everyone has their embarassing moments.
The food was done on time this week! \ That is awesome.  it is great when a schedule works out.
Food is the gateway to life. \ You know that's right.  I love food, although I just recently became a vegan.
I dropped off my car at the mechanic and he said it would cost $300.  I picked it up today and the bill was $3000 and he never asked if I wanted to go that high. \ I wish I had a car.
I wish you had a car too.  Are you going to get one soon? \ Only if i find the money
Late last night I swore I heard some footsteps coming from my kitchen. I live alone and was convinced someone was in the house. \ It could've been a ghost or maybe a robber?
I grabbed my mace and tip-toed downstairs. I jumped in the kitchen and realized I had left my TV on. Oops! \ That's awesome that you have a mace. Are you king arthur by any chance?
I felt pretty frustrated at some tech problems I had earlier. I couldn't find a way to download a game to a different drive. \ I understand. I remember when we had to save games to 5 inch floppy disks. They made really strange shuffling sounds and a lot of times didn't even read.
Those are old from what I understand. This was a while ago? \ Yeah, I had my Commodore 64 and Amiga in the late 80's. Still, the games were great when they worked!
I've got lasagna in the oven. I hope it turns our well! \ I am sure it will
Thanks. I can smell it now. \ I bet it smells nice
I was envious when a coworker got a promotion over me. I really wanted it \ That sucks. Maybe there's a next time?
I hope so \ I hope you'll get another opportunity or even a better one.
I lost my grandmother's wedding ring. \ How did you do that can you remember the last place you had it? 
I have no clue where it is.  I am so hurt about it. \ I know was it an important sentiment to your family? I hope it comes up eventually.
I love to be snuggled up with attention and time with my boyfriend when he doesn't I get sad and jealous.  \ I can understand that.
I know he has to spend time with others but I get envious I want every minute spent together I'm spoiled lol. \ You must love him very much, that's good.
Lightning storms always remind me of you. \ Why is that
We had a night that was unforgetable. \ That does sound fun
I was sad when my brother canceled on me. He was busy \ My brother used to always do that to me.
Its not a good thing \ Family should help as much as possible.
Every time I make jello, I think of the jello shots me and my roomie used to make on weekends. \ maybe you should try making some again
Some jello shots? I've got no one to enjoy them with anymore. \ ah ok
it was impressive to see my friend get a job so quickly last week \ That's awesome. Job hunting can be difficult.
yea espeially when 20 people are going for the same position \ I feel sorry for th 19 people who didn't get it.
I'm really worried I screwed up at work and said something I shouldn't have. Now I can't stop thinking about it \ I bet it will be okay
Yeah, I'm probably overthinking it, bad habit of mine. \ It happens to everyone
I ma hoping my brother comes home this weekend. There is still time \ Have you talked to him about it? Why wouldn't he be able?
He is busy with work \ Ah, work always seems to find a way to get in the way.
It's been years since I've been to a fair and I am going to my state fair this weekend! \ Heck yeah! I love the fair, mainly for the food and people watching!
I can't wait to get a funnel cake! \ Yum! Don't forget about the corndogs.
I'm anticipating to get a raise at my job this month, I think my boss hinted at it. \ Is it a pretty decent raise?
I have no clue, he just sort of made a suggestive remark toward me about it.  I'm trying not to get my hopes up. \ I'll keep my fingers crossed that it happens for you. I don't think a boss would give a hint like that for no reason!
i was upset when i saw someone left my gate open and our dog ran away \ That's terrible. Did you find your dog?
no he is still missing \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you find him soon.
I saw a possum and snake duke it out at our camping trip. \ who won
No one. We got a park ranger to scare the snake away. \ ah sounds like the smart move
I made kimchi and it turned out pretty bad. \ What i that?!?! i think ive heard the name before maybe.
It's fermented napa cabbage, a Korean dish. \ I see,  What happened? bad recipe?
once i left the window open cleaning my birds cage, and she flew away! \ Oh god. That's awful. I guess she never came back?
Never again did I see her.  I eventually let the emotion go. \ I hope she was able to fend for herself. I'm sorry she went through that loss.
This may sound narcissistic and just plain weird...but I'm actually envious of myself 3 years ago, that guy was shredded with an 8-pack and making $2000 a week. I hate his guts lol \ I wish i could make that type of money!
Yup don't we all...but I was living at my parents' then and now I'm on my own, fully self-employed. So I guess I'm officially an adult \ Money is what runs the world.
I knew i would win the lottory. \ Cool congrats I can never win those
I know i will win all of them. \ Well aren't you the Lucky the Leprechaun...how much have you won so far
I keep all of my stuffed animals. \ Why is that
They mean the world to me \ That is cool I guess
I was happy to relax this weekend. I felt content \ That is the story of my life.
Its a good life \ The weekends are for the boys!
That sounds tough. What do you do/ \ well i am a mover so i have to bring heavy furniture up and down stairs.
That sounds like hard work. I hope you are paid well. \ it pays decent and feeds the kids so I can't complain.
me and my kids picked  up our new puppy the other day ! \ How wonderful. What sort of dog?
it is a west highland terrier and he is so cute ! \ A fluffy white one? How amazing!
yea a fluffy white one and the kids love him \ How old is he?
I was nervous driving home. It was raining hard \ Gotta hate weather like that when you're trying to get somewhere. You ok?
Yeah I just drove slow \ That's good. So many peole just drive faster.
My friend is a single mom, works full-time and goes to school fulltime. \ She seems work hard
She is a hard worker. Her husband passed away suddenly, and she's working hard to support the family. \ That is sad
I remember the one time my girlfriend got really sick , i stayed by her side and did everything for her , cooked for her i just wanted her to feel the best \ She's one lucky girl!
thank you , shes always there for me , even when i come grumpy as hell from work she loves me either way \ How long have you guys been together?
The movie starts in 30 minutes, but I'm still stuck at work. I hope I make it in time. \ hopefully you do, and remember the movie trailers and commercials take a while before the actual movie plays
Oh yea, I complete forgot about that! \ do you have a date ?
Man i'm so scared for the weekend \ Why? Whats going on this weekend?
Going to the amusement park!  I've never ridden a rollercoaster! \ Oh my gosh thats exciting.  You're going to have such a fun time.  I love roller coasters
I hope so!  I'm so scared of them!  Maybe I'll have fun after I try one! \ And if you need to, just close your eyes
Im so nervous and I have to wait until friday before this feeling goes away \ What is happening Friday?
I had an interview today, but i won't find out if i get it until then \ oooh that's exciting!  I hope you get good news on Friday!!  
i go to the same place to eat breakfast every morning for the past 10 years \ they must be a really good resturaunt
it is.. good .. big portions and a reasonable price \ those are definitely reasons to keep going back,
watching my son graduate was the best feeling ever \ i bet! congrats
thank you.all his hard work and our time helping him payed off \ that was awesome of you all
I could not wait till my brother got home last night. We were going out to eat \ Did you end up going out?
We ate at a nice place \ I'm so happy for you.
I saw a guy put chocolate syrup on a hot dog. \ That sounds so gross
It was really gross! \ It sounds that way
Last time I ordered pizza from my local pizza shop for delivery, they forgot my sauces!! So I called and complained and was ensured that it would not happen again. So this time I put in the order and called to MAKE SURE my sauces came. They should be here any minute now. \ I love sauces like that
Right! It totally ruins the whole meal without them! \ I do agree
I was happy when my mom baked me a cake last week. It was a nice gesture \ Oh yum! I love cake! That was nice of her!
It was a good cake too \ Ill bet it was! I hope you thanked her! Cake takes time and effort to make!
I've been working really hard this entire week. I'm ready for the weekend. I'm going on a camping trip! \ That sounds exciting! The hard work will pay off. I've always wanted to camp. Have you done it before?
Yes, I have! I've planned several trips like this.  \ Is it just you, or will others be joining you?
Entered my dog into obedience training, and he graduated at the top of his class! I think they give all dogs that kind of distinction to make the owners feel better.. but I'm happy we're through it and that he's much better behaved \ I've really glad you and your do are getting along well. Dogs are mans best friend after all!
Thanks! Never done obedience training before. Only had one dog before this, though. Since this is the first dog I've truly had on my own, I kinda wanted to make sure they were raised right, even though the money was hard to spend. \ Yeah but it is worth it because now you have a loyal and obedient partner. 
I ripped my pants at work. \ Wow. What happened?
I bent over and then they ripped in half. \ That's gotta be embarassing.
My dog found a cat in our backyard and has been nursing it. \ That is awesome, normally it is the opposite!
haha I thought so, too. Guess my dog is a sweetheart. \ Your dog is an angel!
I'm looking forward to my big break.  Don't know when it is but I know it'll be in this life because I've been at ground zero and am willing to go through more hell just to reach the decadent, prestigious pinnacle of material success in this lifetime and nothing can stop me \ Sounds like a goal to me. Good luck!
Thanks for you support. \ You're welcome. Goals is what makes life matters sometimes.
Going to get some pizza after work. I love pizza. \ I'm eating some pepperoni pizza as I'm typing this.. washing it down with some beer, my kind of Tuesday night
hahaha sounds nice. I'll be that in a couple minutes. \ What are your default pizzas.  Mine are Little C's or Dominoes
was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out \ Was the dog okay
took me a few hours but got him back \ I am glad you did
I knew my team was going to win over the weekend. I had a good feeling \ did they?
They won 2 of 4 \ thats good
I have only a few more semesters in college. I feel very hopeful about my chances of finishing. \ That's awesome. What are you majoring in?
Environmental engineering! I enjoy it, but I wouldn't say it is my passion in life. \ Sometimes it's good to have something you enjoy make money so you can pursue your passion without worrying about it.
I go for a run every morning through these woods by my house and I ran right by a deer without realizing it. \ That's great exercise. Are you a fan of sports?
Not much of one. It scared me to death because it let out a loud sound right as I passed \ Deer can be pretty ridiculous. I am glad you are okay.
I won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! So happy \ That's awesome! you and me can go eat!
lol sounds good! \ Hopefully it is a great place to eat and we enjoy it!
I hate hte smell of dumpsters \ I agree!
Dumpsters make me want to throw up! \ Yeah they are horrible
After my mom spent hours making dinner for us, I didn't really like it. \ Reminds me of when I was younger, but I always acted like I liked it to make her happy.
That's sweet of you. I've been doing that, but I think it's time to be honest. \ Just make sure you drop the hint in a nice way!
I really hope my parents make it to my home ok, they live 3 hours away. \ That's a long drive.
Yeah, and they are getting up there in age, I'm hopeful they will be ok. \ Any way for you to maybe go to them next time?
I was envious of my friend when he got a new car. I kind of wanted it \ What kind of car is it?
A bmw \ Nice!  I would secretly be a little envious myself, they are nice cars.
I'm afraid of what the future has in store with overpopulation and unemployment. \ It will figure itself out, always does
That's what I tell myself, but that always mean it will be positive experience. \ I am sure it will be
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother in law to take care of my dog \ What happened?
he ran away \ Did find your dog?
I am having a bonus this year. I am so happy. I can't wait to see it on my bank account. \ what are you going to do with it ?
I am planning a trip to Cuba. I was told it is a nice place. \ oh thats cool
I knew I was going to do well at work this morning. I was prepared \ That is the way to go! Keep it up!
It was a good morning \ Work is pretty great and makes a bunch of money!
At my birthday cake someone jumped out of my cake \ That is crazy
Yes! It was a full blown small person in that cake! \ That is funny
I studied all week for this test! \ That's some dedication!
of course, I have to do well! \ Good luck! I'm sure you'll do great!
Went to my favorite restaurant, and they're closed for business. \ I would have cried for multiple days!
I know. I'm still mourning. \ Do you have a new place to eat?
I was mad when my cat got out. I should have been more careful \ That's no fun. I had a cat that would escape all the time too. Did you get it back?
I did after an hour \ That's not too bad. I had to pick mine up at the animal shelter. 
I have an interview tomorrow morning. I think I will definitely get a job offer because of my qualifications. \ I hope you do well
Thank you. I've been hoping to work in this field for a long time. \ I can tell
I was angry when my ac broke today. It was not good timing \ That's not cool. Will you get it fixed?
I hope tomorrow \ Sounds like a plan.
Someone took my tip at work. \ That is bad
I am so angry about it! \ I can imagine
i was mad when i couldnt leave work on time \ i would have been to. what happened?
they said we had too much work left \ oh, well that happens
i saw a kid crying by himself in the store today \ where were his parents?
he had walked away from them went to the candy section \ ah that stinks
I was envious of my neighbor. He built a new deck \ Aww!  Maybe it's time to start building yours!
I am thinking about it \ Maybe you should start saving up some extra money so you can make yours better!!
I really care for my mother \ That is a good thing
Yeah she took care of all 3 of us kids by herself.  We've all grown up now and live alone.  She's done well for herself \ She sounds amazing
I watch so many scary movies that I haven't been able to sleep alone in years due to fear.  \ That is such a bummer. Why did you keep watching them?
I honestly don't know. I've always been fascinated with them since being a little girl and that fascination has never gone away. \ I understand being fascinated by them they can be very intriguing. Maybe you should stop watching as many though. 
I've been telling myself that for years, I just have no self control. What are your favorite kinds of movies? \ I like scary movies as well so I know how addicting they can be.
What is your favorite scary movie at the moment? \ It is actually "Scream." 
I can't believe that I was 18 when I bought my first car. I remember being in the dealership and they handed me the keys. \ That's crazy, I couldn't imagine buying a car at 18. What kind of job did you have that you were able to do that?
My dad has his own firm so I worked in the mail room and I also did stock trading on the side. \ That's a pretty great setup so soon in live. You're very fortunate.
That is what people say but I really worked hard and that car was a reward to myself. \ Yeah for sure. Luck only gets you so far, the rest is up to you. 
That is so true. I can remember the smell of the interior of the car too and how my heart swelled up. \ You definitley had something to be proud of. Not many 18 year olds can say they did that 
Left my book bag outside overnight. I live in the south where there's lots of palmetto bugs (cockroaches). Went and got it this morning... it was filled with the things! \ Oh yuck! Sounds like a disgusting experience.
Yeah. I just pretty much opened it, flipped out, closed it, then went and got a can of RAID that kills them, and opened it again and went to town! It was like I was possessed and raining bullets on them. \ Haha that must have felt a bit satisfying at least. Glad you took care of them.
A bit unexpected but nice: my utility bills were much lower than expected this month. \ Right on, glad to hear it. I hate utility bills and how unexpectedly high they can be. I especially hated living with roommates who didn't mind getting them really high, just for the sake of having it a little cooler.
Yeah I agree. You never know what it will be each month. I expected it to be higher this month due to the increase in A/C and fan usage, but actually wasn't bad.  \ I hope it stays that way for you. Luckily I'm in an apartment now where the utilities are included, so I don't have to stress about what it's going to be, or confronting my roommates.
I just got married and I feel like life is perfect. \ Marriage is a very hard thing.
Not for me my friend.  I love it! \ I like all of my partners too much.
I ate an entire pizza \ Ohh yeah, that sounds really good.
Not good at all, I wish i had not. \ I see, what are you going to do to make sure it doesn't happen again?
i was scared walkin home yesterday \ That's terrible! Why did you feel scared?
had to walk home through a wooded area \ Oh no, I always feel the same way. I usually avoid areas like that.
We had no idea, but my best friend just told us he was gay last week.  \ oh thats good that he felt comfortable enough to tell you
Yes for sure. He said he was afraid to tell anyone all these years.  \ thats cool that he was able to come out on his own terms
My friend just bought a BMW. \ That's rad, those are slick looking cars!
I know, I am so envious of him. \ It's time to one up him and get a Porsche!
I really care about my community and it's growth. \ It is a good thing that you care.
Yeah, and most of my community does too, that's why it attracts good folks. \ I wish I lived in your fine community.
i had a huge test today,but i was ready! \ Sounds like you prepared well, congratulations! What do you think you got?
grades will be posted tonight but i feel very good about it \ That's always a good sign.  When you feel good about it, you did well.
I'm pretty irritated.  My flight has been delayed 7 hours! \ oh man! i would also be irate. why the delay?
Due to weather.  Boy did I pick the wrong day to travel. \ i hate fight delays
I'm curious to see which out of these 2 girls I'm texting I'll end up dating first...one 18 and one 24 both super smart and attractive \ Date them both? Then pick which one you like the most.
Thanks I was planning on that lol...I'm saying I wonder who'll bite first \ you should bite first and take them both home!
I never drink milk anymore because it made me sick once. \ That's too bad..you sure it was the milk and not something else?
It may have been, but I still avoid the milk. \ Can you drink any dairy? Or is that totally off limits
My brother was supposed to help me with my chores. He didn't. \ Did you kick him in the shen?
I can't do that. He always asking for help but when I need him, he is never there for me. \ Okay, maybe punch him in the nose.
I ate my sisters food! \ Then what happened?
She has not found out yet! \ I didn't understand you.
I was ready for my drivers test! \ Did you do well
I tried so hard but in the end I failed. \ You will do better next time
I was scared this morning. I woke up with a swollen eye \ Did someone punch you?
No, I am not sure what it was \ Maybe someone kicked you in the eye!
No one even cares about me. \ I dont believe that
I do, and that makes all the difference. \ Just dont give up
It makes me remember the old days when I see happy days on tv \ There is no such things as happy days
I do not believe that \ Happy days fly away so quickly.
i was mad when i saw a huge dent in my door \ Oh no, that's terrible! Do you know who did it?
no idea...  \ I hope it's not too expensive to fix!
I was at my friends part last weekend, and someone threw up in the hot tub! \ well thats gross
Yeah... the worst part was trying to clean up all the pieces.  \ i can only imagine
I am so excited my friend told me last minute we are going to Las Vegas for my birthday she arranged everything.  \ That sounds amazing! What do you think you're gonna do there?
Go shopping and eat, I love food and Vegas has some amazing food.  \ I've been one time but I was too young to drink or gamble so it was a little boring. That sounds like a great time though, I'm happy for you!
Last semester, I was mortified about the fact that I had to go in front of the class and present about net neutrality. It went super well though. \ Why were you mortified? I don't know too much about net neutrality.
Because I hate public speaking and I thought I would bomb it, but I did super well and memorized it all! \ Oh yes I am sure you did great, public speaking is a good skill too have. 
Was feeling lazy today, and for the most part I had decided I wasn't going to go running, that since i had done it yesterday, I could skip today. Managed to change my mind and exercised anyway. I feel good that I kept up my routine. \ That's a real positive spirit!
Yeah, once I fall out of my routine, it's so easy to just keep staying out of it. So I guess whatever I can do, even if it's not as good as the day before, to just stay in the routine and to stay at it, helps. \ I like your attitude. 
There is a storm approaching my house. \ Hopefully it's not a big one that would cause serious damage, I assume? Otherwise, I kind of like storms. I like the sound of rain, and the visual aspect. It's the best when you get to fall asleep to them.
It's big but I am ready for it though. \ I live near the coast, and we have hurricane scares all the time. For some reason, people love to stay behind and just face the storm. They're fearless and think everything will be okay, even when sometimes it's not. I guess they're just determined to stay by their homes and not abandon them, which I can understand. I'll hope for the best for you!
i had to send my food back at the restaurant today. \ I've never had the guts to do that, even though I've wanted to on multiple occasions. What happened, if you don't mind me asking?
my chicken was very undercooked.still pink in the middle. \ That's the worst... So it wasn't even just taste, it was about health.. Dang. I don't know if I could ever go back there again. It'd always be in the back of my mind. Glad you caught it early and didn't go home with too much food poisoning.
Football practice has started for my middle-school aged son, and he's playing a few different positions. He's doing well in all of them, and he has a genuine interest and desire to get better, too. I'm glad I raised someone who could care about something deeply \ that is good.i always loved sports as a kid and did well
I never played them. Never had the interest or athletic spirit. But I got him into them so he'd have some discipline and structure.  \ it is a great way to learn that.im glad i was able to learn those values.
Its amazing how a picture can bring back so many memories and take you back to a moment in time \ I agree....were you just looking through some photos or what
I was cleaning out an old drawer and found some pictures from my graduation and of me and an ex.  Took me back to the old days. wow \ smh time flies now that you mention it...I was just going through old fb beach pics of me and an ex I was planning to marry but we fell off and it hits me like a sucker punch every time
I'm eagerly waiting on a bigger self-employed paycheck by the end of this month.  Whoopeee \ Congratulations! what do you do?
Lil bit of voiceover/musician freelancing.  Upped the price from $5 to $20 a gig whle maintaining the same amount of repeat customers. \ Sounds like you have some real talent there.  Keep up the good work.  I bet you'll be famous one day!
I won the golden ticket! \ what is it worth?
A trip to the factory of course! \ hah thats awesome.. canceled of course.. but awesome
i trusted my fried with my dog and i shouldnt have \ I do not even have a dog
thats a smart choice \ I have always wanted one.
I misunderstood what someone said to me at work today. I thought they said something offensive, and I reacted immediately. It turns out they said a different word. I felt mortified and kept apologizing profusely \ I am glad it was resolved.
It was sort of resolved. Everyone still feels a little awkward. Hopefully it will get to that point where it becomes an inside joke and we can all laugh about it. \ I sure hope that happens.
My girlfriend dumped me today. \ That's awful news! I don't want to sound cruel but at least this could maybe be a period of your life where you can just focus on you and improve a lot of areas of your life. You could look at it like a second chance.
You're right, but I am so sad right now. \ Yeah, that happened to my roommate recently. I didn't try to give him too much specific advice, because most of it is just useless. I just tried to help him realize the best he can do is be patient, because time makes everything feel better, or at least hurt less.
i was very happy buying my first new car today \ conrats. what did you get?
a 2018 subaru WRX \ oh nice
i was scared walking home the other day \ why what happened?
night time in a dark wooded area \ i would feel the same way
I hate when people talk to me! \ Now I feel bad about talking to you.  Do you mind talking to me?
I do not mind you, but they always approach me! \ Who are these people?
My brother just told me his wife is pregnant. I could not be happier for him. \ Is it your baby.
No, it is my brothers baby. \ We will see once the baby comes out and is tested!
One day, I was to tired to mow the lawn. \ I feel that way every day almost, Did you ever end up doing it?
No, my brother had to do it another even though we usually do it together. \ What made you so tired??
Once I couldn't resist that glass of whiskey, even though I promised my wife I wouldn't. \ Did she find out you broke your promise?
Yes, she smelled it on my breath when I cam home, We have since talked it out. \ It's great that you both were able to work it out.
Last weekend, I went to the swimming pool. I was getting out of the swimming pool when my swim short teared from behind. I felt so bad. \ I love swimming!
Everyone was looking at me. I went quickly to my towel to cover myself. It was a bad experience. \ No no! Forget those shorts! be you!
I was in awe when my dad won his award \ Nice. What was the award for?
Best toes in the USA. \ Congratulation.
I had an argument last week with my wife. She told me that she want to divorce and that I am not the father of our son. I felt destroyed. \ Sheesh that's heavy.  Sorry to hear that.  Have you talked it over yet or no
No, I felt the house. I don't want to see her anymore. We are getting divorce. \ Well maybe it's for the best.  Good luck
I'm not alcoholic but I feel like I can vibe better with a chick if I've been drinking.  Because I tend to say stuff I normally wouldn't which makes for better conversation \ You are not the only. Nothing to worry about.
I'm curious. Are you a guy or a gal \ I am a guy. Why this question?
Although I was running late I was still made it to the Black Friday sale and was able to get in the front of the line still to get the tv I really wanted! \ Why do you have to stress so much to get black Friday sales 
Oh I wasn't stressed. It was amazing to get the tv for a great price when I was really short on cash that year. \ Okay. I think you need to find a better source of income so that you will not have to wait for black friday to get what you want 
I wish i was held accountable for the office since i committed it. But my coworker was and i am depressed about it \ Sorry to hear that. Have you talked with your coworker or boss about it?
No i have not. I do not know how to do this \ Well, maybe just ask for a meeting with your boss and go from there.
We took my neice and nephew to the lake this weekend! \ That sounds like a fun weekend! Did you go swimming?
A couple of them did!  The older people went fishing! \ That sound fun! I love to eat fresh fish!
Today was a beautiful day and I spent it reading in my hammock \ Hey that sounds like an awesome day!  
Yeah, It felt so refreshing. I needed a day off from work, and it was just perfect. \ Good for you my friend!  We all need days like that!
My daughter's chihuahua mix was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease when she was just a puppy. \ Oh no, poor little thing.
Yea, it was hard to deal with, but she had a really good life.  She passed away at age 6 this past February though. \ I am so heartbroken thinking about it.  I'm sorry.
I have to bake 10 cakes by tomorrow. \ Oh WOW!  That is a lot of cakes!!  Will you be able to get it all done?
Yes, I am ready to do it. \ Well more power to you!  I don't think I could do that in one night - you must be a good baker.
Lifes good right now got a good paying job , all bills getting payed, not late on anything plus money on the side to go out , i am just overall happy in life right now \ Man, I'm jealous! I'm still a college student, barely paying rent! And nothing but student loans to look forward to. I probably should have taken your path in life. Not to say you haven't worked very hard for it, because I'm sure you have.
I am sure you will do well eventually , just keep setting goals an surpassing them , once u pass your goals , create new goals and keep winning in life !!! \ Hey I really appreciate that advice. I need to take it. I'm horrible at setting goals. I just move in a general direction. I need to break things down step by step. We'll see how it goes.
My brother got hit with a DUI the other night. His wife said that was the last straw, as she was tired of his drinking. She kicked him out and now he's living with me. I feel so terrible for everyone involved, especially because they have two kids \ sorry to hear that, my brother has a drinking problem too, and has kids, i love him but at this point we are more focused on the kids , i tell him if you get locked up who is gonna raise the girls , of course we are but still they need a father 
Yeah, and you can never turn your back on family, even if they completely complicate your life.. It's a no-win situation. The kids probably prefer to stay in the original situation, even though it's not healthy and safe, because they just don't understand.. just a big head ache. I'll do what I can, but who knows how much that will be. \ all you can do is stay positive , all we can hope is our brothers will one day wake up before its to late 
i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery \ I never win and i play all the time!
all you need is once \ This is very true!
I'll never stop drinking Dr. Pepper \ why is that
I am just loyal to the brand! \ thats cool
My family is coming to visit! \ awesome.  When are they coming and for how long?
They are coming next year from africa! \ Thats a long trip.  I hope they have a good time
How early is too early to start packing for vacation? \ Right now I am sure is too early!
I am going to Disney in too weeks and I can't wait.  Im ready to go now! \ We are going in December and it is going to be magical.
My car battery is always dead! \ UGH thats the worst,  I once ran my car dry of oil..oops.
I have never done that, but i most likely need a change soon. \ I try to get a change every time the sticker says,  thats one thing i dont mind paying for.
Ill never forget the day that my little puppy died of cancer. \ I would have cried for years.
Literally never have been the sane,  But its a life lesson. \ Life does throw things at us.
I am going skydiving for the first time this weekend and I have no idea what to expect. \ oh awesome.. i couldnt never do that
I am a bit worried about the chute not opening.  I have an issue with heights. \ you should be fine
i was too trusting when i let my friend watch my dog \ Did something bad happen?
he got out .. cant find him \ Oh man.  I hope he is alright, I would be nervous too
I was ready to fly to Japan this morning, and when I arrived the airline had given away my seat to someone else! \ What?! I would have been livid! Did they compensate you?
Yes I was livid! I was only 10 minutes late. They offered me the next flight, which is not until tomorrow afternoon. I get a hotel and free meals. \ ohhhhh maybe turn it into a little vacation
The love of my life left me for a better man. \ Oh no! Hey, I wouldn't say a better man. I'm sure you are just fine for someone else. She didn't deserve you.
I feel like sometimes i can be overbearing with my love and it backfires on its intended purpose  \ Okay, yeah a lot of people seem to have that problem. Maybe you can learn from it for next time.
I'm happy that I have more self-respect than most of my friends who desperately seek approval from women....I focus on my money scheme and end up getting more dates than they do it's hilarious \ So, the women only like you because you have money?
More like women like me because I have ambition.  Plus I go to the gym 6 times a week drive my own fully paid car have no baby daddy bills and live life on my own terms completely self employed.  In a nutshell \ Well, on paper you are like a dream catch, no doubt about it.
I am baffled on how are of control Trump is right now. \ Do you mean "out" of control
yes, that is exactly what i meant \ Yes I'd agree with you. I still think it's hilarious that he's president...didn't think know Republicans had such a scarce lineup
I've been with my wife for 5 years so far \ how is it going?
Pretty good!  I remain loyal to her through thick and thin! \ thats the way to be! 
i cant wait till i start my new job \ Hey that's awesome!  What kind of job is it?
probation \ Oh.  Wait.  What?
I was reading the news the other day and I saw something so sad, about some Christians being persecuted in Nigeria. I guess something like 6,000 families have been massacred by extremists. It made me feel awful and sick. \ The news can be so sad. That is horrible that that occurred!
I know it made me feel really terrible, I wanted to do something to help but all I could do is spread the news and encourage people to pray.  \ People need to step up and start helping others. I will pray too
Donald Trump is now the president. It makes me feel bad about life. \ Oh yeah, Donald Trump is such a charlatan. He has some really shady history too. I'm actually a Christian and a conservative but I'm appalled that everyone on the "right" have fallen for this guy. He's so against what the real conservative values are supposed to be.
I agree. I am glad real conservatives are in opposition to him, too. \ Yeah, I am sad about the whole left vs. right thing in general. Ultimately we should all be uniting against the corrupt people that are running amok in the government. 
Once this super cute girl looked me right in my eyes, and Literally its like i forgot how to function.  It was so embarrassing  \ It's easy to be intimidated by pretty girls.
I have no reason to be nervous though which is why its so confusing. \ You really don't, I agree.
There is an owl that stares at me in my window. \ Oh my,  do you ever geta  weird feeling when it looks at you?
Yes! I feel so scared when that happens. \ That is crazy! maybe its you from the future!
I am going to Disneyland tomorrow! \ That sound like a lot of fun! Will it be your first time?
It will be my first time that I will remember, and it will be my kids first time. \ That's sounds like a great experience. I hope you enjoy it!
I bought a new video came console online! I can't wait, I'm checking the tracking info all day long for updates. \ It is so hard to wait.  What console did you get?
The new PlayStation. I can't wait to play some Black Ops.  \ That is so awesome.  I hope it gets there before this weekend so you can binge it!
I looked up to see a drop of snot falling right towards my face. \ oh no what did you do
There was nothing i could do It hit me in the forehead. \ damn that stinks
i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon \ Wow, was it difficult? do they eat alot.
they eat a lot of crickets and dubia roaches \ mmmm delicious
 It was a hard weekend! \ Why? What happened? Is everything okay?
Oh yes, I am alive still. Somewhat lol.  I had lots of bouts of loneliness that punched me in the gut. You know that feeling? I hate it! \ Yes, loneliness can be quite sad.
My husband is coming home from work soon. \ Is that a good thing?
Yes! I am so happy to see him! \ Great! That is how it should always be :) 
So I moved to a new town recently, but I don't know anyone here to hang out with yet. \ Ah that's difficult. Maybe you can see if there are any sports teams you can join?
That's a good idea, even though I'm not much on sports. Just a kind of bummer not knowing anyone yet. \ Yeah I know what you mean. I'm in a similar situation right now as well.
I was parking my car today and someone just cut in from of me a took my place. How rude can you get? \ Ouch, I hate it when that happens. Did you say anything to them?
Well no, I didn't want to be too confrontational. But I even indicated I was taking the spot. It's so crazy. \ That's super rude. Hopefully karma will take care of that. 
You know how FB will show you memories from years ago?  \ no, facebook is the devil!
Nah, it depends on how you use it..I use it to help pets and buy local items..also to keep in touch with people who live far away.  It's showed me a few that made me think of my pets who have passed and how much I miss times with them. \ yea i guess thats true
i was impressed when i saw lebron had gone to the lakers \ Oh sports...I have no idea about this subject. Lakers is basketball right?
yes it is \ Great! Is that your favorite sports team?
I got a check in the mail today! \ Yaya! what are you going to spend it on?
Don't know yet!  I was blown away when I got it.  Didn't expect that! \ Amazing! i need some luck like that in my life.
My sister had my makeup on yesterday again! \ Aww dangit!  You might have to hide it better lol
Why! doesnt she know not to steal? \ I know right??  Maybe you should buy some bad makeup and let her steal that
When I see my little dogs face and how much she trusts me, I know I will be there for her no matter what!  \ I love my little dog too! You are a great owner.
Thanks! I am always there for all my animals, foster or not..and any critter who needs me outdoors. They are SO innocent!! \ Yes, animals are our best friends.
I passed gas in the middle of church. \ Well it is natural, maybe bad food choice?
I ate too many beans. I am so ashamed of myself! \ Oh you shouldn't be. Don't eat before church though ;)
My basement got very damaged last year during a storm, so this year I decided to buy a bunch of supplies.  \ god it repaired ?
Yeah its all repaired now. I also bought lots of food in case we loose power. \ thats cool.
i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery \ Yeah, I wouldn't get too down. Statistically, there's not much of a chance of ever winning.
yea thats true its still nice to dream \ Yes I agree. I would be amazing to win the lottery.
I feel positive sometimes today even though not in the best mood. \ It's good to always try and think positive.
Yes, it keeps you going in bad times!  I prepare for the worst though just in case. It's nice to feel some positivity about the future though- Like whatever will happen, I will get through it!". \ That is a great attitude to have. It would be nice if more people saw it like that.
My son just graduated college. \ Congrats on getting him that far! What did he study?
He was studying computer programming. He has worked so hard for this. \ Thats a great job to have in this world. I bet he is excited to get started working?
Im happy that the next year of uni is starting \ Oh! It's excellence. Hope you enjoy your next year
Yea i cant wait, its nice being around a lot of people, my normal city is pretty boring \ yeah! you're right. Once you've moved there, you started to love your city too!
I'm awaiting eagerly to meet my friend. She is coming to my home. \ Thats awesome, i recently reconnected with my friend, its really awesome when it happens
yeah! We're best friends in our college. We're meeting now after 4 years. \ Yea it is one of the best feelings
i was happy when the clock struck 5pm and i got out of work! \ Getting out of work is the greatest feeling.
yes it is..  \ I love to enjoy my free time too.
I hate to sleep with the lights off. \ why is that?
I'm afraid of the dark, it is too scary for me. \ ah yea ... i can understand that
A man punched me on the subway last week, now I'm terrified to leave my house. \ Oh my god,  was he a homeless man?
No, he was a guy in a suit.  He said my face bothered him. \ Oh my god,  Thats actually crazy
Another year, Another disappointed me, no father no nothing. \ That sounds so sad.  I'm sorry you aren't feeling happy.  What is going on?
My dad is never coming home. \ Where did he go?
I was always afraid to go to bed at night when I was a kid. \ Why was it  scary movie that did it?
Nope. I always thought there were monsters under the bed. \ Well were there any?
Without my coach, I would be nothing. \ I would be too. What kind of couch do you have?
no a sports coach hahaha \ Ohhhh, yeah they are very inspiring. I wish mine didn't die yesterday from a concussion.
My friend returned my shoes today. I was so thankful. \ I've never had a friend return stuff for me, that sounds like a super caring friend
He was indeed. I shouldn't have gotten so hammered last night and lost them. \ OH! I thought you mean he returned them to a store, like a bad purchase. Oh man you were drunk! Thats pretty bad lol- But nice friend still
A skunk was in my yard the other night...At first I was scared and froze \ Dang, those things are creepy! Did it go away?
Oh..I think they are wonderful! I LOVE wildlife..I just didn't want to get sprayed or my dog..Or for the skunk to get hurt by my dog! He was SO cute! Everything was fine- Dog came back in quick and the skunk waddled away- I think I surprised him! He was probably eating the bird seed :) \ Yeah, they tend to be very timid creatures. I'm glad you didn't freak out and hit him with a shovel!
all is right in my wold when i eat my favorite meal \ What
a nice juicy cheese burger with mushrooms \ That sounds delicious. My previous response was meant to be, "What's your favorite meal", but I accidentally pressed enter.
The pizza I ordered was going to come in 30 minutes. \ did it show up on time?
Yes, but It felt like hours! \ waiting is the hardest part
It sounded like a big bomb went off the other night by my house. \ what was it?
Honestly you can't tell if it's gunshots here, fireworks (even though illegal most of the year here) or a firebomb. Police won't come..So unless I have cameras up...You don't know...or your window gets shot.. \ oh thats scary
i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon \ I have always wanted one of those! They are very charming.
yea they are a nice pet to have \ What is his name?
spoons \ LOL! I love it! What a cute name. I might use that in the future.
I walked in the house and my wife was cheating on her diet with cake in her hand \ Wow that sucks! What kind of diet is she on?
Jenny craig! she was doing so good. \ Dang, I've been thinking about dieting myself. Is it working out well for her?
My friend returned my wallet yesterday. I was so relieved! \ Oh my thats good!  where did you loose it?
I left it on the top of my car! I am so careless sometimes. \ Oh my, Atleast he found it wow!
I start classes next week at a new school. \ Are you nervous about it?
No, I am not nervous at all. I know it will go great. \ I am happy for you!
I had to eat dinner by myself again. \ That's too bad. That sounds lonely.
I hate being by myself. \ I do too. Why were you alone?
I took out the garbage yesterday and the bag burst on me. \ Oh no!  That is not good.  What did you do?
I freaked out and left it in my driveway! Never been so disgusted in my life! \ I can imagine.  I would of done the same thing probably
I just finished booking a vacation for the fall.  I am pretty happy with how it is turning out \ Nice! What book were you reading?
I am not reading a book, I was booking a vacation. \ Oh! I can't read very well tonight. Where did you book?
I am now going to be a master's student. I will got to he University of Florida \ awwww. congratulations. what is your major
Environmental Engineering is my major. I enjoy it. \ lovely. thats really great. wishing you all the best
i was disgusted at the way the man was staring at me non-stop \ That's unfortunate. Some people just cannot help but act rude.
yes, and i ended up getting a different taxi, i lost my money \ That's unfortunate. What do you think about Uber?
I'm at a new school and I won't have any friends \ Aw, it takes time! Making friends isn't always so easy so give it a little bit of time
Yes, but how do I even talk to people I don't know? \ The best thing to do is join clubs and get involved. You generally make friends by association!
I felt very great a few weeks ago when i helped an elderly women bag her groceries \ that is really nice of you to do, not a lot of people help others like that anymore
Yeah thats true most people don't.  I love helping those in need it's a great feeling \ same with me if i ever see someone that could use my help, i will most likely bring it to you
i am extremely afraid of going near hiights \ Oh i can relate i am also afraid of that
Yeah last year i went to disneyland and got on the elevator game and i almost cried hahaha \ haha . I remember a time i was in vegas i was scared to go on this really high ride
The last job interview I went on also went well, but it took a long time to hear back from them. \ i hope you get that call soon!
Oh, I did eventually, it just took like a month.  I ended up getting the job! \ wow thats great, congrats!
i cant wait for my disneyland vacation next summer \ oh nice, how long are you going for ?
i think me and my family is going there for 1 week it is going to be wonderfull \ that sounds like a great time.
i am getting my new car next week and cant wait for it. \ I understand that! what kind of car is it?
it is a 2017 bmw, i traded in my old car to get an awesome deal \ Thats pretty fancy! Does it have all the bells and whistles?
My in-laws are helping us pay for school clothes for our kids this year. \ That is great! I know my sister has had help with that a lot too! It can get expensive. You know they have new clothes from target at goodwill a lot, that helps with spending 
Yeah, it helps take some of the burden off of us. I will have to check out Goodwill and see if I can find anything. \ it's like $5 for new clothes, good quality a lot. Great! Yes it is a lot to buy clothes for ever growing kids
Wow, those prices are great. I'll be going by there for sure. Yeah, the best part about them helping, is that they do it, not expecting anything in return. They just all of us and want to help. \ THAT is the spirit of a true giver and the only one I would take a gift from! Great in laws!
I was in a college class once with an older woman.  She took a paper idea I had talked about and presented it as her own, stealing all the work I had done. \ That is despicable. Did you report her to the teacher?
I did.  There wasn't much she could do, but at least I could still do the same paper without having to redo a bunch of work. \ She could drop her from the class and give her an F!
my son brought home his first F today. \ That is a tough thing to deal with but hopefully his first F will also be his last.
yea he is a smart kid I just think he has been playing too much fortnite. \ Fornite has surely caused many kids grades to drop.
I ate the last one of my wife's favorite cookies. \ hahah yea i have done that more than once.
She was not happy after she told me to save her some. I could not resist. \ what flavor was the cookie?
I really dislike my neighbors. They are the worst. \ What are they doing that is upsetting you?
They argue constantly and we live in apartments so I can hear everything. They even call the police a lot. \ Have you made a formal complaint against them yet?
Yes, but I think they know the landlord. \ You should report it to your local police department. Building and documenting this can help you.
So last Friday I was driving home from work and this guy just cuts me off in traffic. \ That happens a lot. What happened next?
Well I to swerve onto the shoulder and almost caused a accident. Some people are just jerks on the road.  \ I know the feeling. I hate driving now. Everyone is looking in their phone.
Nothing upsets me more than seeing teenagers on their phones. It really boils my blood. \ I thnk the driving age should be raised to 21 personally
I can't believe I didn't get that promotion at work :( \ Ah dang... Sorry that happened to you. It stinks too because a lot of the time that stuff is just decided by who is liked more, or who has better connections, and not actual merit. If you're good, I'm sure you will get recognized at some point.
Agreed, it's a popularity contest! \ Well, keep a good attitude. If you like the work and the job, hopefully that will be enough.
My wife cheated on me! It's absurd!! \ Thats very sad to hear im sorry that happened to you 
Thank you, what should I do about it? \ I would suggest moving on time heals all wounds
I was very happy last week helping an elderly women bag her groceries  \ Did she say thank you?
Yes she did thank me  \ What a lovely woman, and you're lovely, too!
have you tried contacting the company about it? \ They are the company. They only have a support button.
i really hate when people make me wait for no reason \ Me too! Who did this to you?
my girlfriend allways makes me wait, it makes me really anxious ahhahah \ I understand that! When I am ready to go- I just want to hurry up and go. I hate sitting around waiting too. Maybe you should make her wait and see if she likes it. Lesson 
Ugh, my neighbor's dogs wouldn't stop barking this morning! \ That's the worst! What did you do?
Well I'll tell you what I didn't do. I didn't go back to sleep, due to the noise. I think I'm going to have a word with him later. \ That sounds like a good idea. I hope you solve the problem quickly!
Remember when we were young and could run through the fields of flowers? I miss it. \ Yeah, those were better times. Brings back good memories.
Maybe we can relive such times through our children. \ Well, maybe yours. Mine just want to sit inside and play on their phones all day.
I don't understand why people come to work to just not do their jobs I have a coworker like this. \ Oh man..I have had those too..and where I am the one getting crap even though I do my job and everyone elses..I HATE sitting around at work...I either want to work or go home. I hope your boss knows your co-worker is lazy?
We are on the same page I have to pick up their slack and it just irritates me to the upmost it's like just quit please or give me a raise for doing double work.  \ I AGREE and frankly if your boss does not see this and doesn't give you praise then I would quit as well or contact human resources! This kind of stuff is not acceptable.
Super upset with a company I thought was trustworthy. \ Why what did they do to betray your trust?
Well I looked up reviews..I didn't see anything bad in my FB groups about them either..and they decided to charge me early and didn't want to refund me! \ I would be so mad I dislike when company's charge my card did you call to get a refund for the charge?
They had NO number, support was super rude but finally refunded me..not without a lot of threats though :/ \ I would make a complaint and try contacting the BBB that is so unfair or even get your bank to dispute the charge. 
The desert was incredible! The taste! The look! The feel as I ate it! \ sounds like you ate a delicious dessert, what did you eat?
It was chocolate ice cream dipped in crushed cookies, marshmallows, and chocolate sauce which had frozen to a crisp! \ that sounds delicious i love chocolate cake i think that would be my favorite dessert
One of my best friends is moving far away and i dont know when i will be able to see him again \ That's so sad! Can you email them?
yeah i can call him and email him, it is just that i dont know when we will see eachother again \ Can you see him before he goes?
I think having goals is important. My mother in law has managed to lose weight and walked daily. \ Hey, that's pretty good. Do you have any goals set for yourself?
Very similar ones, but I like focusing on others success \ Well I hope yours work out as well. Focusing on the goals of others probably gives you a lot of inspiration.
I think I'm going to move my mother into my house with us. \ O? That's a brave and noble decision.
Yeah, she's been pretty sick lately. I want to make sure she's here where she can get all of the care that she needs. \ That's hard but great of you to do, good luck.
One time I was giving a presentation and something really embarrassing happened. \ Oh, tell me about it, please!
I started up the presentation and I accidentally copied an inappropriate image into one of the slides.. \ Oh no! What happened next?
I'm going shopping tomorrow, it'll be so much fun! \ Where will you be shopping?
I think I'll go to Costco and Walmart. \ Nice! Do you have anything in specific you want to buy?
i hate to see people mistreating animals i cant stand it \ Oh I know! I could kill people like that.
i know right, it is really sad some people cant understand they suffer as well as you and me \ And they don't have a voice of their own.
My son was diagnosed with epilepsy recently and he had to have an MRI done. \ that is not good i am really sorry to hear that, is he o?
Yes! The MRI was clean. It's probably genetic and he will likely outgrow it. \ that is really nice to hear, hope everything goes as planned
I went to the movies last night \ Oh nice.  What movie did you see?
It was one of the Star Wars movies! \ How was it? Did you like it?
I hate causing a scene and being the center of atention.  its the worst \ Did something happen to you?
The other night my wife and I were out at dinner and I spilled my whole glass of water all over the table and myself.  Everyone looked over at us, i was blushing so hard. \ That's a good thing that it wasn't another type of drink!
I was glad to see the boys get out of the cave, but sad that a diver died. \ That was so bad. What kill the diver 
They said he ran out of oxygen, while uderwater. That was weird since it happened after they located the team. \ It means he miscalculated the time he was to spend under the water. Sorry for him
It is a wicked act for a mother to spank her son and he fell on his face \ Was it someone you saw in public?
Oh yes, i saw her at the park. I cannot believe someone can do that to her son \ Hitting kids is kind of going out of style. People do timeout more now.
the day i gratuaded from college is my favorite day \ Congratulations! What made it so great?
the fact that it took so much work and time \ Ah, well you earned it!
I'm so sad, my avocado was moldy this morning! \ hahah it whas happened to me it the worst thing
It really is! :( \ did you still eat it? or did you throw it away
I went shopping today and when I came out to my car I was furious. \ uhoh, what happened? did someone hit you?
I came out and someone had hit the bumper of my car and just took off without saying anything \ wow thats horrible! im sorry
Its crazy how sometimes something or someone you havent thought about in a long time can impact you out of no where \ Very true. Has this happened to you recently?
Someone that I went to high school with is really sick and it sounds like they might die soon.  Its upsetting to hear news like that.  It makes you think about things. \ I am sorry to hear that. News like that can come out of nowhere.
Some jerk ran into my car because he crossed a red light \ Are you serious are you ok I am getting sick of these careless drivers.
I'm fine...just a little bruising is all thankfully. But, I am absolutely buying a dash cam now so I don't have to listen to the other driver claim it was my fault for them passing a red light \ That is smart glad you are fine I never thought about the dash cam wish I had one when I got in my crash get you one really soon.
My family is the best they through me a surprise birthday party. \ That's nice of them! People stopped doing that for me once I got older. I miss them
I was amazed they even did that but very grateful I haven't had anything in a while also so you wasn't alone your family will do something and you will enjoy it.  \ Well, I'm happy for you :) It shows that they care
i was shocked when i found out my wife cheated on me \ Thats horrible! Im so sorry to hear that.  Why would she do that?
Im not sure what should i do though ? \ It depends, if you love her, you could try to work it out.  Or you could cheat on her too
I was watching the news and they said we are supposed to get a big storm this weekend \ Oh no im sorry to hear that .  Clear skys here
I was worried that we might lose power for a few days, so i went to the store and stocked up on food, just in case.  That way ill be ready if it is bad \ Thats a good thing now your very prepared for the worst
i cant wait for my new tv that i ordered online and will recive this weekend \ oh.. congrats.. you must be happy then
yeah it is twice the size as the tv that i have at the moment \ wow then... do you have any special plans to celebrate ?
my story got nominated in an award.. i am so excited \ that is really cool, will you be giving a speech?
no.. it is an online venture.. i may or may not win.. but nominatiin itself is an honour for me.. \ i mean it still pretty cool you won, congratulations
I have an older friend who I try to help out.  She lost her husband a couple years ago.  \ Thats very admirable of you.  How do you help her?
We go out to lunch regularly.  She is depressed and I try and get her out of the house to do things. \ We need more people like you in the world.  Theres always someone out there who needs a helping hand and could use a friend.
Its crazy to get news that can make you happy and scared at the same time! \ What kind of news did you get?
My wife and I just found out that we are expecting our first child.  Its pretty exciting.  I gotta start saving up money now though. \ That is exciting!  But you are write - children are expensive!
A co-worker bought breakfast for our department. \ That was very nice of them! Did you tell them you were thankful?
It was unexpected. I thanked them \ That is good to hear.
I am going to a concert really soon and I am very excited. \ That sounds like fun, what band is playing.
My favorite band, Green Day. It should be a lot of fun. Are you doing anything exciting soon? \ I'm going on a guided fishing trip next month
We need to come together as a country and be united and solve our issues, no matter your views. \ I totally agree. People are too divided by their political views these days.
Exactly, let's comprimise and decide on things before it's to late! \ Everyone is always fighting over these things, it's a sad thing to see.
My friend taught his dog some tricks. It's really fun to watch! \ O yea? I
It's amazing how quickly the dog responds to the commands. My friend must really know what he's doing. \ I'm trying to teach mine tricks myself* I think that's fun to watch!
I spent my first Christmas away from home in a computer lab, working by myself. \ Oh! pity about you. 
Yes, it wasn't very fun.  But I had to do it because my project for work was due the next day. \ Hope you had good time after your work!
I struggled to use public transport to commute to office. \ What was it that gave you problems?
While commuting in public transport I was unable to keep punctuality. But now I'm on time to office since my husband gifted me a motor bike.  \ That was generous of him.  But continue to work on your punctuality.
One of our friends just got a call that her child was not at school. \ Did they find out where the kid was at?
We don't know yet, she's gone to the school and will let us know. We're hoping it's a mistake. She's 11 years old. \ Maybe she skipped the school for the day?
I went to a big party this weekend \ Was it a lot of fun?
Yes and all the people were very nice! \ I'm glad you had a nice time...and they found the child by the way, it was an error.
Yesterday i left my luggage behind for a stranger to look after it \ Why did u leave your luggage for a stranger
That was so naive on my part, i had to leave shortly to buy a drink from the shop. \ Wao,its a mistake,
Sincererity is key to frendship \ Absolutely, i can't imagine being betrayed by a friend.
Yes,even me,that is why i love being sincere \ The best virtue in life.
My dad was in the hospital recently. He was in very bad condition and didn't look like he was gonna pull through. Thankfully he did. \ I'm really happy that he made it. I bet it was a tough thing to go through.
Yeah, I can't imagine life without my dad. It'll happen someday, I just would prefer it to happen once he's lived a full life. \ I know what you mean. I wish my dad were still around.
I was taking an important test in one of my classes the other day... I'm ashamed to say that I cheated. \ I've cheated on occasion. It's never right but it's easy. At least you're ashamed of it.
Yeah... I'm thinking about coming clean about it to my professor before he finds out on his own. \ That's your decision to make, but I think it would at least put you in control of the situation.
One of our friends got a call from the school that her 11 year old wasn't at school, and it turned out to be a mistake. Glad, but upset at the false alarm. \ Yea that wouldn't of turn out great.
Yeah, it really scared us for a little bit. \ Good to their safe.
Gave my friend a spare key to my house just in case I get locked out or need them to go in for an emergency. \ That's nice that you have someone you can trust like that.
Yea it is, they actually give me theirs first and I figured I'd do the same. \ I'm glad for you on all of that.
My wife and I are going out to one of my favorite restaurants tonight. \ That sounds fun. Is it a special occasion?
Not really, just felt like going out. I'm thinking about ordering something I haven't had before, but.... I don't know. I'm weird about trying new foods. \ I understand. Sticking with what you know seems safer.
I couldn't believe the slowpoke I got stuck behind in traffic this morning! \ Oh man, that sounds like a pain.
It was so aggravating! It made me late to work. \ That's not good. You didn't get in trouble for that, did you?
I'm so upset and embarrassed that I failed my LSATs and now I can't get into law school.  \ Can you re-take the test?
I can but it's only given a few times a year and the next one isn't for another 4 months.  \ Ouch that's bad.  Study hard. I'm sure youll do better next time
I'm going on a guided fishing trip in september. \ That sounds fun -but  be careful if there's rough weather!
Hopefully not it should be fine here. \ I hope you catch a BIG ONE (or more) - have a great time!
I took the family to our county fair a couple of days ago. \ How was it?
We had a really nice time, rode some rides, listened to some music. \ That does sound like a lot of fun
I took care of my brother this weekend. He was a little sick \ Is he better now ?
A little bit I guess \ I hope he continues to improve. It's bad when a loved one is ill.
I bumped into some of my old high school friends randomly the other night.  We spent a lot of time talking and catching up \ I bet that was nice
yea it was great! but ever since then ive just been thinking about the old times and some people from my past and wondering what they are up to \ I am happy for you
I miss my dad. This was his favorite time of the year \ yea that can be hard when things remind you of people
Yeah, it really does \ Sometimes you have to just look at the positives though and smile about it
I once skipped out on thanksgiving with my family to go on a road trip with a girl. I didn't answer their phone calls. It was fun, but I didn't like disappointing my family. \ At least you had a lot of fun
It was fun, which is what makes me so conflicted about it. What wasn't fun was seeing my family's faces when I got back. \ Well, they will get over it
I knew I do well on my work project. I prepared hard \ what kind of project was it? It's always satisfying to see hard work pay off.
It was for a marketing campaign, thank you \ I'm sure you'll reap the rewards at your job in the long term.
I had an embarasing moment recently \ ill try not to laugh, i promise.  Tell me about it!
I done walked on one of them slippy spots on the side walk there. It had ice on it and so I slipped and fell right down. \ ouch.  well i hope youre ok.
It makes me happy when you find good people in the world \ Did something happen to you?
At work the other night, a customer left me a really big tip and now im going to be able to pay some bills that I didnt think I was going to be able to. \ Well that is just great. Congrats!
I've been trying to recover from a financial setback for the past few months. \ How is it going?
It's very slow and very stressful. I'm making some progress, and struggling to hang on in the meantime. \ It happens like that. Don't give up.
I  my ex and I are done for good \ I'm sorry. How long have you been together ?
8 years. That a long time, but we just weren't getting along. I miss hime now \ Well, maybe it's for the best if you can move on.
Ive been doing really well at work lately. I am due for my yearly evaluation and I think I will get that promotion I wanted. \ Sounds like youre feeling pretty confident. I hope you get the promotion!
I hope so. My managers feedback over the last few months has been great. I dont see why I wouldnt get it. \ I think you will. Just keep doing a good job and keep your confidence up.
I saw a rat running down the power line behind my house. \ Yuck. At least it wasnt IN your house. That is gross.
Tell me about it.  I don't think i've ever seen that before. \ I would be placing traps all inside my house in case it ever comes inside.
I have been feeling very faithful these days. My lover treats me so well. \ That is interesting, how does he buy you stuff or is he just really nice?
He is really nice and provides for me well. He is also very sweet and very respectful. \ I am happy for you wish I could find a nice lover like that.
I am very stressed I have to take a major final exam on saturday. \ That's intense. I hope you do as well as possible!
Thank you me too I have been studying like crazy.  \ Keep up the great work. Pass that exam with flying colors.
Last week, i went to native. I visited my place after years \ That must have brought back a lot of memories
yes indeed, i got emotional after seeing the places, it brought back childhood memoeries \ good ones I hope.
I bought a used car a couple months ago and I have to say it's holding up really well for a 6 year old car. It's like new. \ you must be loving it
I am, You never know what shape a used car really is until you have it for a while. \ true that, you cant be too sure until you use it
I did set a goal of saving a specified amount. I reached it within 3 month after cutting on many leisure related activities. I am proud of myself \ That's great! I need to start saving money, myself.
You definitely should. Saving should be a very important habit for every individual. You never know what could happen in life \ Yeah it would be really nice to have some backup funds in case something happens.
I have a performance review coming up at work in a couple of weeks. \ Tough week ahead. Do you think you have met your expectations thus far?
Oh yeah. I'm pretty sure the review is going to go well. I might even get a raise! \ Sounds good. Your supervisor must proud of your work and your displayed high self-esteem
I saw a dog that got hit by a car. \ poor dog , did he survive the impact ?
When I was looking at the scene he was still alive. I don't know what happen later on. \ hopefully he survived the incident
Since i met my friend over a decade ago while working at mcdonalds , he was always been there for him , so i will always be there for him \ Is it because you are there for him?
i plan to move to a new state very soon, i havent told him yet , but ill make sure to hang out with him one last time \ He would probably appreciate you doing that.
I am so mad right now that I am actually shaking \ Oh no. What is wrong? 
My bank locked me out of my account, so I have no way to get access to my money and I am going on vacation on Friday. \ That is such a pain. Do you have a credit card to use in the meantime? 
Im leaving for vacation this weekend. It has been a long time since I have had time off. I can not wait to go. \ Vacations are the best.   Where are you going?
Im going to Austin Texas. We are going on the lake and ride around in the boat. Its going to be so nice. \ Ive heard a lot of good things about Austin, but ive never been.  Ive always wanted to go
I miss my dog Kat \  I am so sorry to hear that.
Yes she was a wonderful black lab who died last year.  She was a great dog \ I hope you find a new puppy love soon.
It's great to see my husband doing so well. \ I am glad to hear that!  What is happening with him?
He's become the top manager in his division in just two years. \ That is awesome!  I hope he got a good raise
I live in Florida and was quite scared when the hurricane came over us! I really didn't know what would happen. \ Did you have any damage ?
Yes, but luckily not nearly as much as some of my neighbors.  It was a nail biting night for sure though!  \ I'm glad you came through it safely.
My finances will be getting better in the next year. \ That has got to feel good!  Did you get a raise or a new job?
I get a raise that kicks in in February. \ Congratulations!  Your life should feel a little less stressful when you get it!
I just got notice that my mortgage payment has gone up this year and i'm so mad about it. \ Oh no! That has so happened to me before! It was only by a couple dollars a month but I SO needed those couple of dollars at the time. I would be MAAADDD
I am, it went up 20 dollars.  \ Call the bank and get it fixed ASAP! That's got to be so annoying for you!
Its me and my fiances anniversary next month and keeps dropping hints about what hes getting me, and I have no idea what it is because I have not told him I wanted anything. Its puzzling but makes me eager to see. \ Anticipation sucks. The hints don't help you figure it out?
No, they're more like, "I know what I'm getting you" and then when went over bills he was like Im going use money for your gift, non specific type of hints Lol \ HAHA that's a shame. It's just like having to stare at Christmas gifts for a month but not being able to open them as a kid.
I once went to relieve myself in the bathroom of a bar and saw vomit all over almost every surface. If I hadnt immediately run out of there I would have definitely ended up contributing to the mess. \ These places should have them clean, because it is inevitably; these things happen
They do. I just feel sorry for the poor guy who had to clean it! \ There are jobs that are hard
Hello, I am very upset about the abuse of some people with their pets ... it is unacceptable \ I can't imagine why people would do that. Animals are helpless.
I feel that pain ... as if I had been hit \ You're very empathetic then! I hate seeing animals suffer as well.
I was pleased with my youngest daughters progress in learning the piano last night as she played for us. \ You must be so proud. Im sure she put in a lot of work to learn.
She has, and her sister is a violinist too. \ Wow, so talented. That must make you very happy to see them do well at something.
I got home from yesterday and my girlfriend got me concert tickets for this weekend. I thought it was sold out. I couldnt believe she did that. \ What concert is it ?
The band Phoenix. She really caught me off guard with this. Apparently she bought them a while back but waited until now to tell me.  \ What a pleasant surprise.
I found an old childhood shirt of mine in storage the other day. It was white and red with mickey mouse on it. I remember riding my bikes through the neighborhood with my friends with that shirt on. \ That sounds like a great memory! I always get nostalgic about pretty much everything. How long ago was it?
I must have been around 8 or 9 when that shirt still fit. I lived right by a mangrove forest. Me and my friends would roam through it and make up stories of things that had happened there. \ I wish I had a group of friends like that. I always just knew people but never got close. 
That reminds me of the time I went to LA for vacation with my family. I wanted to meet people so I went hiking in the mountains but it soon became dark.  \ Hiking is probably a tough environment to meet people! LA is real nice, but I hear the people there aren't/
Yea it probably wasn't the smartest decision but at the end I meat a nice group. They eventually helped me from that situation also.  \ That's cool! Did you end up keeping up with them after you left?
I was so glad when I got my first computer. I had been asking my parents for years and finally got my very own. \ That's great. I just built my first computer actually.
Awesome, that is so fun to do. I spent all day figuring out how to program my Commodore. It was a treat when I figured out how to load some games. \ I'm not sure what a commodore is. I don't really program much either , but I'm interested. I play a ton of pc games though.
Do you ever feel overwhelmed by assignments or work? \ Yeah, sometimes I want to just stop going to work. I hate TPS reports so much!
Like the ones from Office space? haha \ Yeah, Bill Lumbergh is the worst boss ever. He kept calling me every day when I just wanted to sleep instead of work!
Yesterday I was so content. i sat outside and watched my kids play on their waterslide. \ So peaceful and relaxing right? What a beautiful sight. 
Yes I love watching them play and enjoy themselves. \ I would too if I could sit outside and enjoy it like you! 
My daughter graduated over the summer, and I felt a sense of accomplishment for her.  \ Oh that's great. Is she going to  collge?
Yes she is starting up in a few weeks! :)  \ What does she want to do?
I wish that when people made plans, they would stick to them. \ Oh I hate people like that.    People that flake out like that just have no respect for anyone elses' time.
I was supposed to go out with people on saturday, but they cancelled last minute, so i spent the night home alone \ That sucks. You should have went out anyways.
I was supposed to mail off a check to pay a bill today and I forgot to put it in the mail when I left for work. \ uhoh, I hope they dont have a late fee or anything attached to it
I have a couple of more days but, its cutting it close. \ make sure you do it when you get home
My roommate just moved away. Now I am in a one bedroom but I miss having someone around. \ sorry to hear that , try and keep busy or find a hobby eventually you will get over it, its just gonna take a bit of time
I think I might join a gym. I kind of miss having someone around. \ the gym is a great place to start , make new friends and get fit
I used to way 187 lb , i joined jiu jitsu for 3 years before i knew it i learned a lot of skills and ended up weighing 140 i felt good about myself  \ Whoa. That is a big change. That must make you so happy.
it did im currently at 160 lb, moved up since i havent trained in years but at least im not at 187 \ Its probably muscle though so you will still look slimmer.
I love my apartment complex. I told them this morning my fridge hasnt been working properly, and they said ill get a brand new one tomorrow!  \ That's great when you have good maintence for a place.
For real! I was surprised but im so happy. This ones been spoiling my food.  \ That's such a waste of money and food. Glad its working out though.
