I was walking in an outdoor mall area last weekend and tripped in front of a bunch of people. I didn't hurt anything, but I was definitely red in the face. \ Oh, it happens to the best of us. I have done the same a gazillion times! It doesn't get any better or funnier, lol.
Yeah!  I feel you.  It hurt my pride more than anything! \ Oh well, just know that everybody in the world has fallen a few times. The most important thing is you just get up and keeping walking. :)
When I am in nature I feel good that this world is exactly as it should be. Everything is moving along to Gods plans. \ That is a great mindset to have!  You must feel very happy and content!
Yes, when I am in nature. :) But when I come to the big cities I feel like it is the devils playgrounds \ Why do cities make you feel that way?
I was struggling in a college course once.  \ We've all been there. How did you do?
I was given some extra credit work by the professor. He ended up giving me enough to pass. \ That was nice. That doesnt always happen.
I alwaus try to donate to charity when I can \ Yeah that does make you feel good. But make sure it's a good charity.
I like that you can donate change at registers. Every little bit counts. \ I like those too especially when i don't want change anymore.
I was very happy when I found that I am getting a bonus from my employer. \ Was it a large one ?
Yes, it is. My employer doesn't give easily bonuses. \ I'm happy for you.
I'm getting a raise in feb. I wish it would hurry up and come. \ That is great. Is it a big one?
about 25%, so I'm really wanting it. \ Wow. It is a great raise. Your employer should have impressed by you.
I was travelling India last year. I came across a man lying on ground with his face covered in blood and flies in his mouth. \ Oh, wow, that is absolutely terrible! I can imagine it was horrifying for you.
Yeah. I wasnt sure what to do. There were alot of people who seemed to not care. \ Was he dead, or just injured badly? I wouldn't be sure what to really do either. 
A few weeks ago, my husband and I had a big argument. I said some pretty hurtful things, and wished I hadn't. I felt very bad and disappointed in myself afterwards. \ I am single and never been married. I assume arguments are part of marriage.
Yes, that's true. I tend to be a bit more verbal on my end and say things I regret later.  \ Im bad at giving advice especially to people I dont know. Im the opposite. Im too mellow. And that sometimes gets me in trouble.
The other day I was cleaning out a bin and came across my parents wedding rings.  \ Uh oh! That is not a good sign! Do you think they are going to call it quits?
They passed away about 8 years ago so it was just a memory that I came across of them.  \ It is good to have these kinds of keep sakes. Maybe the rings can even be used again in a family wedding.
 feel so bad, I forgot again to fill the gas tank up in the car after I used it all. My friend is going to kill me! \ Oh no.. and no one really likes pumping gas. 
I just seem to forget until I get home. Oh well I will just have to give her some money again instead. Oh she is going to be angry. \ You could grab it when shes done with it and fill it up real quick for her! 
I am going to Boston in a couple weeks! I have never been and am really excited and looking forward to it! \ that sounds like it is going to be a super trip, you'll have a blast
I hope so!  I have been waiting to go for a long time! \ Boston is a great place to visit, makes sure you have some chowdah  :)
just got back from grocery shopping, The cashier gave me back $10 more change than I supposed to get \ Did you give it back or just walk away?
i did not find out untill i got home, the store is kind of far and I think I'm going to keep it, but it's eating on my conscious because of that \ Yeah, that is a hard one to deal with.  Maybe you should give it back so you will not feel bad about yourself.
It was beyond difficult for me when I lost my parents.  \ Yes, death is always a tough thing to deal with especially when they are close like parents. But that life and every single person on this planet will have to deal with that at some point in life. It is just the nature of life.
It's the nature for sure, but until it happens do you realize just how painful it is even years later when all you want to do is pick up the phone to ask them what they did today.  \ Oh, what a bad pain to carry. I hope that you are happy though. Your parents will want you to always stay happy.They are in a better place now.
I feel a little weird about looking at this house for sale. It looks haunted and I think something bad happened there, but not sure. \ I would ask the realtor on some background and even google the address to see if any abuse headlines come from that place. 
That is a good idea. It is such good deal and I think it would not need much money to fix it up. But a ghost in the house is definitely a deal breaker! \ Kinda makes you think even more since its such a good deal that people are just like get rid of it - deff look into it! 
One night when my kids and I came home, I saw a shadow in my hallway as I came in the back door. I was so scared and was afraid someone had broken in my home. \ In some ways that is a bit funny but it certainly can be a scary time to come home alone to an empty dark house.
Yes, and I live out in the country so I wouldn't get a quick response time from emergency vehicles. But, luckily, it turned out to be my shadow! \ I hope you aren't still scared of your shadow?
My neighbors got a new puppy yesterday. \ Oh, how cute! I love animals, especially puppies!
Yeah he is a cute one. Problem is that I saw the puppy eating out of the cat's litter box. \ Oh, yuck! They will do that, but sure don't want puppy kisses later.
There was a day that I was a bit short on cash on hand and I didn't give money to a homeless man. I usually always do, as I feel it's my part to help those in need, as I am blessed. I felt very bad that I didn't that day. \ I don't think you should feel too bad about missing one day!  It sounds like you're generous regularly.  I get it though.
Well, homeless people aren't common in my area, so that's why I felt a bit bad about it.  \ It's hard to see people and not be able to help.  You seem really giving!
We thought we were going to have to replace our heat pump, but the technicians were able to repair it. \ That's good. I know it's very expensive to replace that part, so I'm sure you are relieved.
Very!  It costs thousands less than replacing. \ Yes, for sure! I always prefer repairs over replacement if possible.
When my children were born, it was a rejoicing time for me. I can't think of a time I felt more happiness. \ Children are a beautiful thing for us parents. What a great memory you have of that. 
Yes, I have two children and I feel so blessed to have them. I lucked out and got a boy and girl, both healthy, smart and wonderful. \ Thats perfect, a boy and a girl thats what most people want. congrats. 
The other day I was swimming with my daughter in the gated community pool, and some guy asked to get in and that he had " forgot his access card " to unlock the gate.  \ That would make me nervous! you never know what kind of person it could be, a predator perhaps.
Exactly what I was thinking since he didnt have his card, but also was wearing jeans and a bookbag! Nothing that one would wear or bring to a pool.  \ True!
When bad things happen I get too emotional. I think more than other do. Sometimes I think I am crazy. \ I'm sorry to hear that...sometime you just have stop and take a deep breathe so you don't get overwhelmed.
Yeah, I know. But in the moment it is hard. I guess I am just a very emotional person. Maybe I need theraoy, lol. \ Therapy is a good thing. Its is nothing to be ashamed of.
I started planting a new garden. I should see something growing soon. \ That is always a great feeling! I love gardening! What did you plant?
I planted some tomatoes and collard greens. \ Oh yum!! That should grow nicely this time of year. You should definitely can all the extra tomatoes you get this year. It will be great in winter soups and stews. :)
There was a lay off recently at my company. I am so scared that I could be part of the next one. \ I am sorry to hear about all the layoffs.  I will pray for you at Church for you to keep your job.  What do you do for work?
Thanks. I am an accountant. \ How long have you been an accountant?
The weather is terrible here today and its has me down in the dumps myself. \ The weather is terrible here also. I hate that. Are you on the east side of America?
West.  I am rather unhappy this morning because the weather caused a much anticipated softball tournament to be cancelled. \ That is bad. What are you planning to do the rest of the day?
I was riding passenger in a car that actually rolled over! \ Well dang! Are you feeling alright?
Yeah, just bumps and bruises but I saw my life flash before my eyes! \ I had an experience like that before - one that I never want to live again. How is the driver?
Today at dinner, another man was checking out my girlfriend. \ Oh goodness, I bet that made you jealous!
It did! I wanted to turn over the table and punch the man in the face! \ Wow! I'm glad it didn't escalate to that point!
 My daughter was up all night teething, and I made sure to give her extra cuddles to comfort her.  \ Oh that is a tough period. Poor baby! But with mammas love everything is alright. You are such a great mother!
It is so tough but the most we can do is let them know we love them, and will be there for them. Thanks!  \ Yeah, hopefully they have invented something that helps with the pain for the teething. Hopefully is is natural.
I have faith that I will get pregnant soon. Why is it so hard? Isn't that what a women's body is built to do? \ Maybe it isnt your body, but also your partners! Something to check into to see which end its coming from, but none the less it will happen! 
Yeah, more people are having these issues these days. I think it may be true that someone may be poisoning us through the water and food or something! It is a scary world! \ It's hard to trust anything, even the oatmeal recently was put on the news that its high in cancer causing pest spray. 
I invested my saving in the stock market and lost it all. \ Oh no! That's terrible. What made you choose that stock, and what will you do now?
I someone advising me who did not know what they were doing. I will have to try and save that money all over again. \ You'll earn it all back, don't worry. For next time, though, don't listen to people who know nothing.
I've been practising karate for a while, and recently I had a fight for another belt. I trained so hard for it. \ That's great! Did you win your fight.
Yes, I won! It was a tough fight, but I knew I could do it. \ Congrats! You trained for it so you deserved to win!
My son is part of his school soccer team. He is very skilled. \ That's great! I love soccer. I grew up in Scotland, where everyone's golf and soccer crazy. How old is your son?
He is 8 years old but he is very good at it. I enjoy watching him play. \ I bet that makes you so proud. Perhaps he'll become a professional soccer player one day!
I used to work in a place where all my colleagues had different believes to myself. I wanted to stay true to what I believed in, so had to walk away from conversations on many occasions. \ In what do you believe?
Just that all people should be given an equal chance in life and that no one type of person is better than another, just because of their religion or skin color, or where they come from. \ That is great. In what do your colleagues believe?
I spilled a drink all over my lap and had to go out in public like that, talk about wanting to hide in a cave.  \ Oh no!! I hope it wasn't coffee! Yes that is pretty embarrassing. People probably thought you peed your pants.
Thankfully no that would have been awful hot - but thats happened before! Yeah thats exactly how I felt honestly.  \ Oh, well hopefully you learned some kind of lesson from this and it won't happen again.
I found a lost baby duck. The mother was no where to be found. I brought it home and took care of it until it was big enough to be let loose again. \ Thats kind of you, did everything go well when you put it back into the wild? 
The duck flew away and was never to be found again. Hopefully he was reunited somehow with his family. I just hope so. \ Sounds like it went well! 
I ate at a very popular restaurant in my city last night. \ Oh yeah. Was the food good? What about the service?
Everything seemed good, But I found out on the news this morning that they where not serving real meat. \ Oh my gosh! What where they serving? That makes me feel sick for you. I hate being decieved!
I was driving the other day on a lane highway and a truck was tailgating me, flashing lights, and honking. I was already going 10 over the speed limit and it's not like I could get over. \ I hate aggressive drivers. They cause the majority of the accidents.
Me too. It made me really angry I slowed down on purpose and after about 10minutes he was able to pass me. He must have been in a real hurry. \ He probably had no where to go important. He was just being rude.
I shot a roll on 35mm film. I was very excited to see the results. \ That sounds like fun. What were you taking pictures of? I didn't know film existed anymore lol
Its still around. Just expensive to develop. I was testing the negatives so just random shots around my area. \ Do you take pictures professionally or just a hobby?
I recently bought a new car after not driving for several years and I was really scared to drive it, especially on the highway. \ What car did you buy?
Just a Honda Civic. People drive crazy around here. I don't want to have another car accident like the last one. \ Jeez. Where do you live? I dont remember any state Ive been to with bad drivers.
Since I broke up with my girlfriend, I feel bad been alone. \ First Im sorry for your heartbreak, but second... its okay to be alone to let the feelings pass. How long has it been? 
It is recent. It has been two months now. \ sounds like its time to get out and start doing something to take your mind off from it. maybe fitness? 
My debts will all be gone in a few weeks, and I cant wait to feel that feeling!  \ That is great. What is it a big amount that you had to pay back?
huge amount, and would have taken years to fully paid off just overwhelming to even know i was ind ebt  \ I hate having debts. 
I have a friend that is very helpful. When never I need him, he is here to help. \ Awe, that is a very good friend to have. You are very lucky to have a friend like that. Hopefully you are there for him too. :)
Yes, I am. It is good to have him. \ Count your lucky stars my friend! Bless you heart!
I feel so upset when other people tell such horrible lies about other people. Some people are just cruel and are only out for themselves. \ Yes, I hate those kind of people. They have nothing to do expect lying about other people.
Yeah, it is very hurtful. But what can one do? Get back at them? It just seems like you would go to their level. I guess it is better to just swallow it and move on. \ I just ignore them. At some point, they stop but they understand that it is not working.
I just finished a class so that I can get my real estate license. \ That's great. It really feels great when we accomplish something and reach our goals.
It is. I just hope I have learned enough to pass the state exam. \ I hope you do as well, that will be a big step towards a great career.
This past week my 3 year old son caught strep throat. I ended up having to miss the entire week at work to stay home with him. \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he is feeling better. 
He is, i hated missing work, but that the sort of thing a person has to do for their children. \ It is. Taking care of sick child is hard. Missing work is also hard. The things we have to do for our children.
I had just moved into my new apartment complex and my neighbor asked to borrow my gate card so I let her.  \ That was nice of you. I hope she gave it back to you when you needed to use it yourself.
She did! I usually help people out until they give me a reason not to.  \ That is very kind of you. There needs to be more people like you in the world!
My high heel broke in the cement the other morning and I had to wear them all day at work. Not a good day! \ Sounds like something on a movie! What a work day right, my god. Bring extras next time? lol 
Yeah, from now on I will have an extra pair in my desk. Everyone was teasing me all day. It was so annoying! \ I bet they were lol atleast you can laugh about it now. 
So, I opened up my lunchbox today and had a grilled cheese sandwich. \ I bet that tasted good
It really didn't. It was a lousy sandwich that my mom made me. \ Oh well, at least it was something
I felt accomplished when my graduated from high school. I felt felt achieved \ It was a huge achievement when I graduated too. Did you get good grades?
I did that last year when it mattered \ Nice. Did you go onto to university?
Man, I met this girl one time on Tinder and I totally thought we had great chemistry, but then she completely ghosted me after. \ That's the worst, I know how that feels, I'm kind of being ghosted right now myself.
Aw that's awful, I wouldn't wish that on anybody. She was laughing and all smiley and everything, I can't imagine why she ghosted me. \ Just remember that means it was most likely for the best that she did ghost you, you wouldn't want to be with someone like that anyways.
My girlfriends really quiet and she tends to scare me a lot. \ What is scary about what she is doing? I'm not quite understanding what you mean.
Well, when shes dealing with her own personal issues she tends to kind of just vanish, I haven't talked to her in a few days and it's making me worry. \ Oh wow, I can see why you're worrying. You should really talk to her about all this if she comes around soon.
What a difference a year makes. Last year one evening my family was at home when a tree fell on the house and broke through the ceiling. \ That's very scary. I hope no one got hurt.
We were OK, though the tree broke through only a few feet away from my daughter. \ So happy everyone was fine!! Everything else can be fixed.
Indeed. We were out of the house for five months while repairs were being done, but now the house is better than ever. \ So good to hear. Might want to trim some trees lol
So last week we were watching the world cup, and lo and behold, Croatia beat the host country, Russia \ I saw that game. They won on penalty kicks!
Yes! Both countries were not about to let each other win \ It was very tense. The other game with England and Sweden was not nearly as nerve-wracking.
My father continuously gambles all his earnings away even though he has two minors to support. \ That's very sad, has he considered getting help for his addiction?
Nope, he doesn't care and denies it's an issue. When I found out, I was too angry to look at him. \ I can certainly understand your feelings, I hope he can somehow fix his habits.
I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, knew I could count on him though. \ And did he pull through?
Oh yeah, the party was great too. \ I love it whern
I went to Hershey Park with the kids this summer. \ Did you all have a good time there?
We did! I road a roller coaster for the first time in years. I don't think I ever screamed that loud in my life. \ Haha! Rollercoasters are an exhilarating experience! I love riding them at amusement parks.
I used the internet to help me write a paper once because I didn't read the literature. It was flagged for plagiarism. \ Oh my...You have to be careful when you use the internet for school assignments.
Very true! I felt so bad. That was the first and last time that ever happened. \ I know someone else that happened to. I wouldn't take anymore chances either.
I love waking up late on the weekends and just feeling like everything's great! \ Weekends are beautiful if you don't work on them and have nothing to do!
Yep it just feels so nice to relax for a change. \ Enjoy the weekend as much as you can for me; I work all day today!
My friends and I started playing Halo online recently. \ Has it been a lot of fun?
Incredibly so. It brought back so many great memories from the times we played on the Xbox 360. \ Oh yeah I remember those old Halo days too during my childhood, such a great game.
I was in Kiev last year walking back to my hostel. Two drunk men started following me. \ That sounds very scary, what happened? 
I was a little bit worried. I found some people waiting at a bus stop and sat with them. \ Smart move honestly, better to be with a larger group than to be alone. Glad you are ok. 
 My friend always gets everything before me. I swear, everything from me wanting a certain car to wanting a baby and she always gets it before me.  \ How are you still friends?
Sometimes I question it to because no one else makes me feel like they intentionally do things like this.  \ I have a few friends who are way better off than I am. It makes me a bit sad about my situation. 
I watched some family members play basketball recently and my little cousin is impressive. \ That's cool! Maybe he will be the Magic Johnson of the family. Hey you never know!
That's what I'm saying, I'm just happy he enjoys it and keeps striving to be better. \ Yeah all you can do is encourage and support him. I hope everything works out and that he becomes rich and famous someday! 
I feel happy to just stay in and watch a movie at home on a Saturday night. I have no desire to go out and party like most people I know do. \ I understand that feeling. It wouldn't make sense for us all to want to do the same things, especially if you've partied before already.
Yeah, been there done that. I don't miss those hangovers on Sunday morning. Totally not worth it anymore. \ That's cool that you know what you want from life right now and that you don't feel obligated to do things just because of norms.
I found some old pictures a few weeks back and they made me think about my childhood. \ It's great looking through old photo albums and remembering all those great times.
Yes, it really is. It's a shame we don't print out pictures today like we used to. \ Yeah it really is. We just slap everything on our computer or online these days. It's just not the same.
Last month,finally, after years of working towards it, I was finally promoted into senior management at my job. \ Oh that's great! Does it come with a nice raise?
Yes it did, and much better benefits. Seems like I finally got to the end of a very long road. \ Do you kind of feel like there's no where else to go?
I went to a party at a friends house and I spilled a drink on the floor. \ Hey it happens to the best of us. Were you able to clean it up well?
I wasn't. I felt bad when I heard they had to get new carpet. \ Oh no that's awful! I hadn't realized it was carpet. As a clumsy person, that could've definitely been me in your situation so I get it.
After working for years at a job I didn't like, and struggling in school, I found a new job that coincides with my Major. \ I am so happy for you! All of your hard work paid off!
Thanks! For the first time in a long time, the future isn't looking so dark. \ That is great accomplishment! I wish you well on your new path in life!
Last week at work, I went to sit down at my desk chair and completely missed it and fell straight into the floor. \ Oh my...I hope you didn't hurt yourself.
Just my pride. My boss and a couple coworkers got a good view of me just flopping into the floor as documents and paperwork went flying. \ Since you didn't hurt yourself I think I will have to laugh. It sounds like it was funny.
My sister just had her first baby. \ That's great to hear. Was it a boy or a girl?
It was a girl. We are so very happy for her. \ Children are so amazing, and life changing. I hope your sister is ready for all the challenges that awake her.
A few weeks ago, I had to have some repair work done in my bathroom, what they found surprised me. \ Oh really?! What did they find?
The guy had to take out a piece of wall to get to the pipes, and what he found was the entire inside of the all the bathroom walls filled with black mold. \ Oh yuck!!! That is terrible! I have heard of people getting really sick from this black mold in the house. What are you going to do?
I know I should not feel like this but I feel so envious when I drive through the rich neighborhoods and I know that I will never be able to live there. \ Yea, I feel the same way.  It's worse when you have to pass by them twice a day.
I have to pass twice a day too. Oh well, I should just be grateful for what I have now. I just can't help that feeling from creeping in though. Maybe I will buy a lottery ticket, lol. \ Heck no.  Be envious that they were lucky enough to have their parents hand down all their money to them.
Last month my wife and I ordered our first new car with a delivery time of six weeks.  \ Oooh, how exciting!! What kind of car did you get?
We ordered a new Ford Superduty pickup. This six weeks is taking forever. \ I'll bet it is! Best of luck with your new truck!
There was a huge spider in my room last night! It was so terrifying! \ I hate spiders. There is nothing worse than waking up and seeing one above you on the ceiling as you are laying in bed.
Yes, that's the worst! I smacked this one with a shoe, but when I did, thousand of babies started running everywhere!! \ Well that sounds terrible. It is time to burn your house down and start a new life elsewhere.
I opened up my toybox today to get out my favorite toy. It wasn't in there! \ what do you think happened to it?
I'm not sure! Maybe my brother stole it. He does seem to like my toys better than his own. \ that stinks
I was upset when my dog ricky went missing \ Well that sounds really sad. How long was he missing for?
about two years \ Did you ever find him?
 I was staying at a hostel and someone forgot their nice pair of sunglasses. I took it. \ And how did you feel about taking another person's forgotten belongings?
Indifferent mostly. They flew out so they werent coming back. \ That's a good way of seeing it I suppose.
In the 6th grade, a bird pooped on my back during lunchtime. \ Indoors?
Nah we were having a barbecue outdoors.  \ In the 6th grade? Where is this school?
In Quebec. All schools have a budget for extra-curricular activities and events. We had a barbecue once every year in June with free food. \ Makes sense. I live in the states. We have no money for such things.
That sounds awful, all schools need a budget for activities for the students. Anyways I had no replacement shirt and I had to rinse it out and wear it for the rest of the day; I felt sick. \ How big a bird was this. I dont remember anything from the 6th grade.
I recently joined a group to help me lose weight. I have so much respect and admire everyone in that group so much. \ Good luck! My sister-in-law has been with weight watchers for a while now. She loves the camaraderie and how everyone encourages each other.
It has really helped to have their support. I am so grateful for them \ You'll reach your goal. You just have to make small adjustments which'll sustain you throughout your life. How many meetings do you attend?
A few years ago I applied for US citizenship. To succeed you have to pass a Civics test. I was so terribly nervous! \ That test seems so hard. I probably couldn't even pass it. How did you do?
I passed! Turns out you only had to answer three questions correctly. But they have 50 to choose from so you have to study the lot! \ I didn't know that. Congratulations. That's so awesome.
Last month, a buddy of mine bought a scratch off ticket and won $4500. I never win anything when I buy them. \ Wow!! That's crazy. I'm like that though. I never win anything either
I mean I am happy for him and all, but I wouldn't mind some found money either. \ haha right! Maybe you should buy a few and see what happens. You cant win if you don't play
Our puppy wiggled out of his leash. He ran toward the busy road and was hit by a car. It was awful \ Oh god, I am so sorry. Is he okay now?
Sadly, no. He passed away at the vet a few hours later. \ I hate to hear that. It is so hard to lose a pet. I hope you are doing okay through this.
I have big trip coming up to California. I have never been before so I am getting a little antsy. \ sounds like it going to be an interesting trip
I cant wait to see the beaches and the hills. Im having a hard time trying to concentrate on work. \ i can imaging the anticipation, but before you know it, you'll be on the beach
coincidence, I too I'm taking a trip but a business one, I 'm not looking forward to flying \ Do you not fly often? It isnt too bad.
a couple of time, but it truly scares me \ Well if it is a bigger plane it isnt as bad. Just bring some headphones and listen to some comforting music.
The other day I forgot to take my anti-anxiety medication. \ You have to be more careful next time, maybe you need a calendar to remind you.
I put an alarm on my phone, I just get so busy some mornings. At least it didn't affect me too bad until the next morning. \ I am so sorry to hear, I am glad that it didn't cause a lasting effect.
I got a very good grade on my final exam, I am looking forward to go shopping. \ Congratulations! I fail to see the relevance between having a good grade and shopping however. Are you being rewarded for your grades?
Well I will be rewarding myself for getting a good grade. I think I deserve it. \ Oh definitely! I hope your shopping day exceeds your expectations!
I blamed my oldest son for losing my headphones but I found out later I was the one that lost them. \ Was he using it or something? Why did you think it was him, and how did you find out it was you?
Because he loses everything! And I figured out it was me because I stuck them in my secret spot. \ You have a secret spot for your headphones. Are they super expensive? 
I have a secret spot for stuff I don't want my kids to find and break lol \ I have zero kids. I break stuff all the time. 
Ha Ha you're kind of like a kid then lol \ No just ridiculously careless.
I went to the Grand Canyon for the first time during winter. It was breathtaking.  \ I've never been there. I think it would be intimidating.
No, I didnt go down. I just observed from a safe distance. \ My dad and uncle actually went camping down there. You go with a guide and you set up camp in a few different places.
Thats sounds cool. Im more of an independent traveler. I try to avoid guides.  \ Im the same, but I think in a place like the grand canyon, it's really dangerous to try to go down there alone.
I assumed people did it all the time. I guess it depends on how you get down there. I think there are easier paths. \ Yes, I know I wouldn't mind riding the donkey or mule down there.
I am feeling pretty good after my interview for a promotion at work last week. My boss told me I nailed the interview. \ That is a fantastic feeling. I hope you get it.
Well I have almost twice the experience as the other two candidates, so I have a really good feeling about it. \ Keep riding that confidence. It will get you places. It sounds like you deserve it.
I have a huge job interview coming up. The position is perfect for me so I should do really well in the interview. \ Good luck. I hope you do really well during the interview.
I feel like the position really plays to my strengths. I will continue to prepare in the coming days. \ It sounds like the job is a great fit for you. I really hope you get it.
I went to the mall with my neice, suddenly she started to cry, she lost her purse with all her money. \ Oh no that's terrible! Did you end up finding her purse?
No, we did not find it, we even alerted the security at the mall. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. Hopefully your niece feels better now and hasn't lost too much.
The other night, drunk bicyclists were following me home and laughing on the sidewalk. \ That must have been a bit scary, You should have called the police.
I wasn't too far from my home so I figured I could tough it out. I was pretty scared however, especially since it was nighttime.  \ You cannot be too careful these days, i am so sorry that happened to you.
This maniac cut me off on my way to the doctor yesterday. I had to swerve around them and I wrecked into the ditch. \ Oh dear. I am so sorry that happened to you. Were you hurt?
Im not hurt. I am just so livid over this whole ordeal. \ That must have been terrifying. I am glad that you are okay.
I took my dress to the seamstress for alteration. I was given a date to pick it up and to this day it is not ready. \ That is so annoying. Did you need it for a special occasion?
Yes i needed it for a wedding. I ended up buying another dress. \ I hope they at least gave you your money back.
My grandma passed away a few months ago, so we have been going through all her things. \ Sorry to hear that. I lost both my grandparents in the same year.
It has been kind of fun looking at all the old photos and letters that she saved. \ From what year?
I miss the 90s. I wish I could go back. \ I know what you mean. Me too! What was your favorite part about the 90s?
Clinton. \ Good point!
I was scared when they said a big storm was coming! \ Oh man! I hate big storms too. Was it as bad as a hurricane?
nah it was a windstorm.  it ended up being fine \ Well that's good. Did you lose any shingles from your roof?
Last night at dinner, I saw a man staring very intently at my girlfriend. \ did you say something?
You bet I did! I stood up and told him to go get his own significant other. I was so mad I almost flipped the table \ wow thats cool
I went shopping with my mom and sisters. My mom paid for my sisters' items but she did not pay for mine. \ How come? Is your sister a minor and are you an adult?
My sisters are all adults, I am the middle child. \ That doesn't sound fair at all, I wonder why she did that.
I paid my bill and I felt so bad. \ If I were you, I would ask your mom why she paid for your sisters; items and not yours. That's so mean.
It is very mean. I have a good job so maybe they think I am better off financially. \ Now that I think of it, it most likely is the reason why; maybe she doesn't even think of it as a mean act and maybe means no harm by it. Regardless it is important to share how you're feeling with her.
NASA released some free space posters a couple of months back. \ Okay! Now that is interested, I would love to see them.
I think they have them up on their website, you should give them a look! I had them printed for a small fee and now they're up on my wall! \ Oh really? I will be checking it out. I would love to have some.
Yup. The poster files are free, you just have to get them printed somewhere. They have a few different themes. I got Europa, Trappist-1e, Mars Explorers Wanted and "We Need You" \ Free? That makes it even better, I will be getting me some posters.
Sweet! I hope you like them as much as I do! \ I hope so too. Thank you so much!
I met a stranger once. He asked me for a ride to the store. \ That could be creepy depending on the person. I'm extra paranoid though.
Yes, I was very skeptical. He didn't appear trustworthy at all. \ That's understandable, there's just no way to be sure what a stranger's intentions are.
I recently started training my dog to improve his obedience. I have a way to go but I've been getting better. \ That's great! Consistency is key!
You are right, I will keep at it and I'm having some fun at the same time. \ And you're building trust with your dog as well! It's a win-win. :)
I was in Walmart and my son pulled a few items off the shelf. Everyone was looking and whispering. \ Kids like touching and looking at things, I'm sure no real harm was done. People like making a big deal out of everything.
And it was mostly the older folks, I tried to put the things back on the shelf. \ I'd say ignore them as best as you can. It's normal for kids to do these kind of things!
Yesterday I found a massive spider in my room. \ I am afraid of spiders. I would run and scream. What happened afterwards?
It ran off somewhere and I couldn't find it, even though I moved most of my furniture. I'm a little scared. \ I would move out of that room. Maybe you need to spray the area.
It was my first time taking the DMV test. I went there rather early and I aced the test. \ I am happy for you. How did it feel
I was very happy, I went there with my dad, he was happy too.  \ That sounds like a great experience
I had to go to a new doctor last week. I was a little nervous and unsure going in \ I am usually that way, whenever I have a doctor's appointment. I hope everything went well.
It did, It was nothing to worry about \ Ah. There you go so you were worried about nothing. I am glad that all was well.
I haven't made a home cooked meal in a long time. \ Oh, that's a shame - cooking's such fun. Why did you stop cooking?
I know. Just been busy. I ordered take out like every day last week. \ Gosh, I couldn't afford to do that! It's far cheaper for me to cook up a big pot of stew or something and freeze it for busy days.
I should do that. Im losing money like crazy \ That stuff's hard to come by! It's so easy to chuck stuff in a pot and then go watch tv or do something else for a couple of hours. Tastes better, too!
I am going to look up some recipes then. I never use my slow cooker. \ I wish I had a slow cooker. Or one of those Instant Pots everyone's raving about.
I found some old Christmas cards the other day and had a lovely time reading them and reminiscing about the people who sent them. \ That must have been nice. I keep cards too.
It was so nice. I'm terrible about throwing cards out. I feel, if someone's taken the time to write, I should preserve it. Does that sound silly? \ Of course not. There is so much paper in this house. I keep cards, photos, school projects. Everything. We arent here forever
That's very true. My Dad kept everything too. When he passed we had quite a task sorting through things. I think my brother's still at it! \ I found lots of things to pass down when my grandmother passed. I think they passed down their hoarding to us lol
I believe you are right! My family are going to go nuts when they see what they've got to deal with, lol. \ Lol. Me too!!
I was visiting my hometown over the holiday. I passed in front of my old high school. It still looked the exact same. \ It
Excuse me? Seeing my old school really brought back a lot of good memories. \ It's weird the way some things from our past seem so timeless. It's nice you had a good experience seeing your school. 
It really was. I will always remember those times. \ Our past can be a great source of strength and comfort. 
I thought my best friend was going to be able to visit me this summer. But it turns out he can't take the time off from work right now. I'm a bit bummed, as I haven't seen him in a long time. \ Would you be able to go meet him instead?
No, unfortunately I can't make the drive right now. Maybe next year.  \ That sucks. I would be disappointed also. Hopefully yall can make some time soon to get together.
There was a chance that it could rain on the day my best friends and I went camping. \ Oh no! Did it end up raining? Did you take rain gear?
It barely did at night, but for the few days we went camping it was nice weather! I'm so thankful that it didn't, because we made a lot of nice memories during our trip. \ That sounds like it was a lot of fun!
I applied for a job at a new law firm. \ Did you get any news back?
Not yet, but I really really need this job. \ I hope you do get the job, you deserve it!
My and John broke up a few weeks back and he moved out now it is hard to stay in my apartment. \ sorry to here that, it must be tough for you at this moment
It is and at night when it is dark and quite it is even worse \ but as time passes you will find another and be cheerful as ever.
looks like we have something in common, when i walk through my house, the rooms are empty. There are no one here but me \ Im sorry to hear that it can be hard ;/
i know, i am trying to cope but the emptiness is unbearable \ Yeah i would get a pet
This time of the year makes me think of my dad. He loved football \ Oh my dad loves football too. I bet you have some great memories.
I really do. We had some fun times \ Did you and your dad ever play football together?
Last week while watching my kids play outside, i get so relaxed. \ Do you have a patio or backyard to do that in?
Yes and they have lots to do like a swingset, trampoline, waterslide. \ I am so jealous of you then ha
I was watching over my girlfriend's cat while she went away on a little trip. \ That is so sweet of you. I love cats, you must be a caring spouse.
I like to think so, thanks! Unfortunately, the cat wanted barely anything to do with me and I felt so isolated. \ The cat didn't like you, oh dear. I am so sorry that happened. You need to spend more time with the cat.
I studied hard for the test. I am quite sure that I will get every question correct. \ You must have been really prepared to be so certain of achieving a perfect score!
Yes i am. I studied really hard  \ I hope you do get that perfect score, you deserve it after all!
I got really happy when my brother got married. He deserved the happiness \ That's an awesome experience. How was the wedding?
It was hot but fun \ Did they have an awesome catering service? I am looking one for my wedding that is coming up
I began my new job today! I'm hoping I do really well there. \ How do you like it so far
It's not bad. The work is easy and I think I perform well. I do hope I get a raise soon. \ I am sure you will
I was invited to a kids bithday party today. \ That is really neat do you have a kid?
I have three, but I kind of don't want to go. So many children, works my nerves. \ I would go atleast you would get cake
My pet iguana died he was 15 years old.. \ Wow! Is that old for an iguana? Im sorry to hear that
Not really they can live to be 40 years old. He was nice he loved to just hangout with me and sit on me desk and watch me type.  \ My daughter wants an iguana. I am scared of animals 
They are really sweet  creatures, if you live in a sunny climate they make great pets. One tip is if you want a male get is as young as possible, they have  a hard time forming bounds the older they get  \ She is . She may be able to handle it on her own. Thanks for the info
While I was at the grocery store I was in line behind a nice, but very confused older person who had trouble getting their credit card to work. \ That can be frustrating. Did you do anything to help?
No, I thought the cashier was going to help her, but instead, she started getting very frustrated and began saying some very mean and ugly things to the customer.  \ Oh that is terrible, cashiers should have more patience.
I ate my brother's last piece of birthday cake, knowing he really wanted it. \ Was the cake that good, or were you trying to make him angry?
The cake was just really good. I felt pretty bad afterwards. \ Maybe you could make it up to him. I'm sure he'll get over it though. 
A homeless person begged me for money the other day. \ I guess he really need it. Did you give him the money? 
 I wasn't sure if I should give it to him because I didn't want him to spend it on drugs or something, but I did end up giving him 2 dollars. \ Well, at least you gave him something. He could buy a burger at McDonald's
I invited my best friend to my party even though she has a very busy schedule. \ Did she end up being able to go?
The party will be next week, she said she is not sure she will be coming. \ Well I hope she is able to attend, if not, you know it's nothing personal!
 Ever since I started taking medication for anxiety and depression, I've been gaining weight.  \ I have heard that is a common side effect but you might want to talk to your doctor about it
I have, she said I'm okay because I still have a healthy weight. I've been a skinny boy all my life, and I still am but this extra chub has me feeling down. \ Well you could always work out and turn it into muscle
Im getting sick of my neighbor. every morning he revs his engine over and over again. \ I dislike people who do that. I never understood why! Have you tried talking to him?
You cant talk to this guy trust me. \ Oh I believe you. Typically those type of people aren't people you can reason with.
Looking at facebook memories are a fun part of my day. \ I do that sometimes to you, memories are always nice
Its like watching m kids grow up all over again. \ I look forward to that when I have a kid
My brother is driving me somewhere tomorrow for lunch. I just have a feeling its going to be fun \ Is it your birthday?
No, its just him being nice \ That's nice. I wish my brothers did that for me.
When I was entering the store it was really slippery. \ Why was it slippery
It had been raining , so I ran across the parking lot in to the store. I slid about 3 feet. \ Oh no, were you okay
I have a good feeling tonight is going to be fun. I am going to an event \ What kind of event is it?
Its a tattoo convention \ Ohh fun, I love the artistic nature of some. My daughter just got a tattoo in honor of me.
I was so scared when my car spun out of control in the snow, I had never been in that situation before \ That happened to me once. It was terrifying. Were you okay?
I did end up okay but I could have been very easily injured or even killed \ That is true. We dont get a lot of snow here. I dont think anyone knows how to deal with it
I went to the casino last night.  \ How did you end up doing?
Terrible. I lost my entire check. I dont know what happened to my rain \ Wow, that is unfortunate, I hope you are okay financially...
I was promised a big cuddly bear from my friend for my birthday. I was looking forward to the bear but I did not get it. \ What did he get you instead?
He didn't get me anything, he said he was short on cash.  \ Thats not ok I have been in that situation before and have made my girlfriend a card, wrote her a poem something. 
Im so sick of my brother. he accused me of taking his money today \ That is not cool at all. Why would he say that? Maybe he misplaced it.
He probably lost it! I would never take anything for anyone! \ That must have made you feel angry. I am sorry that happened to you but please forgive him.
I read a book the other day and it made me feel all warm inside. \ I love good books, what was it about?
It was about a child who was killed by a drunk driver, then ended up donating her organs that ended up saving the man who hit and killed her. I love books and movies that evoke many emotions. \ That sounds really deep and dramatic, I think I would like that one. You might like books like "The Deep End of the Ocean" also.
I am feeling a bit guilty about keeping a secret for my friend. \ Oh no. Why are you keeping the secret?
I don't want to out her to her husband, usually the only thing that happens is they drop the friend. \ Oh it sounds like you are in a difficult situation. I hope you can get out of the middle of it!
 No matter who comes to the door, my dog barks. \ Its a good guard dog then
In a way yes, but not really. As soon as anyone ENTERS the house, he turns into a huge lovable pup and wants them to pet him. He's such a nuisance but I love him. \ What kind of dog is he
I sat on the porch last night and relaxed. I was more than okay with it \ I love sitting on the porch when the weather is nice.
It was really nice last night \ Where I live, it was really nice too. There was a cool breeze and no mosquitoes out.
Did you ever believe that there were monsters under your bed? \ Yes. And in the closet too
I always had my mom leave the hallway light on. I was so frightened to go to sleep! \ MY cousins used to play scary tricks on me. I hated that.
ONe of my old coworkers just got engaged. \ That's awesome! Were you invited to the wedding?
Not yet but I will.be. I cant believe it. \ Do you know your co-worker very well? What do you think you'll get them for a gift?
I had to work late the other night and had to walk outside to my car alone. \ I imagine that would be a bit unnerving. It being dark and anything being possible.
It was very dark and I kept hearing strange noises. \ That sounds creepy, I would have to start keeping protection with me just in case.
I told my crush that I was into her and wanted to take her out. \ Did she accept? I'm sure you would be great to go out with.
No, she was not interested. I was a bit bummed but at least I tried, thanks for the compliment by the way. \ I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sure you will find someone who feels the same about you.
buddy really its so good to have a great parents in our life \ My parents are no longer living
sorry,dude \ Its okay, I have good memories
I am going to sit on the porch tonight and read comics. Its simple but relaxing \ really ,me going to get relax by having beer
A beer is a good diea \ yeah,well i am not a reader but i love to play video games so much 
I feel kind of blue today, they announced the parts for the annual play. \ Oh I am sorry. Did you get any part?
I did, and it is a good one, just not the one that I wanted. I didn't want the lead or anything. \ I am glad you got a good part. I am sure it is a let down to not get what you were hoping for though.
My son had always done so well in school. \ That is good, is he struggling now?
Yes, lately he has been slacking off it seems and he failed a test. \ Did you ask him about it, or did he make a big change to high school. Sometimes a big change or just burn out can kick in.
I tripped in the supermarket this morning. I felt pretty bad after it \ Did you get hurt?
No, just a little embarrassed \ I know the feeling. Did a lot of people see?
I love seeing couples that have been married for decades. \ Love is a great thing for sure
I hope I get that one day.  \ I am with you on that one
I've got to take my truck to a mechanic next week.  \ Uh oh. Do you think it is something major?
Yeah, it's an engine thing, so it may well be some really bad news.  \ Well I hope it isnt too expensive. Maybe it will be a smaller issue.
I had a great job interview the other day. Im really feeling good about how it went. \ That's fantastic! Hopefully you'll hear something about it soon. 
I should be. I just feel that I did really well. \ I'm sure you did. Think positive!
My cat passed away the other day. \ How old was it ?
He was 5. He got hit by a car. I've been so distraught since then. \ That's terrible. I'm so sorry. You'll never forget him.
I always feel like my life is harder than most. \ Why do you feel that way?
I have no outside support system. \ I am so sorry. I hope you can make friends, try to join some sort of activities to meet people.
I was surprised that the Browns managed to beat the Eagles the other day, I was shocked the beat the superbowl champions \ Are you a browns fan ?
I am not, I am a diehard Eagles fan \ I see, well then I'm sorry that worked out wrong for you.
I've been trying to get myself into a better position to handle problems from. \ What problems do you need to handle?
financial, family, health, job...you know...everything. \ I got you, well I hope that you get to that position at some point soon!
I used to have faith in cops.  But whenever I hear about an unarmed civilian shooting or police brutality I lose faith in the law \ I do understand what you are saying. There are good cops and bad cops.
Yes it depends where you live \ And sometimes it has to do with race, it is really a sad situation.
I was walking outside and I stepped into a pile of dog faeces. \ I hate when that happens
It felt terrible, I threw away my shoes. \ Damn that sucks.  Well at least you can get a fresh pair
I cannot wait till tonight. I am going to a tattoo event \ That sounds so fun! I always wanted to get a tattoo!
They can be addiciting \ I know. I have a friend who has both arms covered.
I ordered a birthday cake from the local bakery for my husband. \ What kind of cake was it
It was a chocolate cake. It was the best decorated cake I have ever seen. \ That sounds so good
My roommate moved out a couple of months ago. \ How did that make you feel
I am happy. Im glad I have been able to keep it afloat without her \ Its nice to be alone sometimes
I have to take my cat to the vet later today. I just want him to be okay \ Has he been sick?
He has been throwing up a little \ I hope he is okay. 
I was shocked but happy when my aunt came to my birthday. She lived far away \ How far away does she live?
6 hours or so \ Wow that is pretty cool of her to do.
So i fixed this guys computer once, but even myself doubted i could fix it. \ I bet you were proud
I was more just amazed that what i did worked. \ That is great to hear
My friend got a new truck. It was the kind of truck I wanted so that makes me envious \ What kind was it?
Its a nissan titan \ Those are pretty nice trucks ;/
I started my own business and im really glad i did it \ What kind of business is it
its a online marketing business. we already have 100 clients! \ I might need to apply then!
I went to the buffet last night. \ I love buffets. What kind of food did they have?
It was seafood night. I dropped my plate in the middle of the food area. It was terrible. \ It happens to the best of us. At least you were able to get more since it was a buffet.
There was a time in my life when I was having financial difficulties. \ Happens to the best of us
It does. Luckily someone was kind enough to give me some money and food to eat. \ There are still some nice people left.
I did well at my job interview yesterday. I went in feeling confident \ That is the best way to feel during an interview. Im sure you did a good job.
I hope to hear for sure soon \ Ill keep my fingers crossed for you.
I am leaving in two days for a three month vacation. I have everything already packed and planned out. \ Where are you going
I am going all over south east Asia. I have all my flights booked. All I have to do is show up. \ That sounds so fun
I was driving down the highway when I saw a car in an accident. It seems they hit a cow! Oh my! \ Animal accidents can be really bad!
I felt so bad for the poor cow. It seems no one was hurt except the cow. :( The car was pretty damaged though. \ At least no one else was injured, but it is sad about the cow. 
One time, when I was a kid my mom almost drove us off a high bridge, by accident.   \ Wow! How traumatizing! Were you scared at that time? 
I didn't have time to be scared. She was busy yelling at me and not paying attention.  \ Oh man, I think your mother regretted that after knowing she almost hurt her family. That is quite awful to think about.
I am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved \ That's cool.  What was the last thing they did for you
They gave me a car as my graduation gift! \ Wow that's pretty aweseome...you must have put in a lot of hard work to earn it
I used to be really open and honest about my feelings around other people.  Now I keep them to myself and feel a ton better \ Why is that?
Lacking control of your emotions makes you weak \ I suppose that is true to an extent, that makes sense
I knew I was going to pass my bartender test last month. I studied so hard \ congratulations. sounds like you aced it
I did pretty well so thanks \ i bet you will make a great bartender, maybe one of these days you will hook me up with a free drink
my pet dog is getting older. I know one day she won't be around anymore \ Just cherish the moments
I will, but just the thought of it makes me blue \ It will be okay
One of my coworkers recently lost her daughter. \ That's terrible!  I can't imagine how hard that is.
 I felt very bad for her and bought her a bunch of things and I make sure to take her out to dinner once a week to take care of her and make sure she's okay \ That's very sweet of you.  She's going to need her friends to help her through this!
I bought a winning lottery ticket! \ That is awesome! How much did you win?
1 million.  I just won the lottery! I was finally able to pay my house of and my parents' house. \ That is absolutely amazing! Lucky you
I miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. We used to love it \ Aw I'm sorry to hear that. I bet you have a lot of good memories.
I really do \ I remember my dad watching football so much as a kid. I used to get so bored.
I accidentally droped a dumbell on my toe at the gym. I felt so freaking stupid. \ Did it hurt though
Yeah it hurt and I was listening to music so I might have yelled a cuss word loudly. \ I am sorry, I would cuss too if it happened to me
I put in a lot of effort and energy and I found a new job! \ What kind of job is it
It's an online teaching position and I feel so good about myself.  \ That is a nice job I am sure
This time of the year makes me thing of my dad. We loved watching football together \ Aw that's cute. Father-son/Father-daughter bonding moments are something I miss out on.
Yeah I have good memories of it \ It sounds like you and your father got along well, and that isn't always the case in families. I'm happy to hear that.
I opened my front door and saw a big snake, I immediately slammed the door and went back in. \ That is so scary. I don't know what I would have done,
It makes me shiver, just thinking about it. I called animal control. \ You did the right thing. I wouldn't have been able to stop thinking about it.
I just moved out of my parents house into my own apartment. \ That must be a wonderful feeling, now you are on your own.
Its is but I don't have anyone to talk to anymore. \ Ah, so you are now a loner, you should try to make friends.
My coworker is always coming over to my desk and talking for long periods of time. It causes me to get behind sometimes. \ why dont you tell them to stop?
I try to but don't want him to think I am being rude.  I might have to though if it keeps taking me away from work. \ yea i coud understand that
I was happy to see my dog returned home \ That is great news!  Was he lost?
yea he got out from the backyard \ That has definitely got to be a relief that he is back!  That is the best case scenario.  Hopefully, he never gets away again.  Make sure to check your fence!
I went out to eat at my favorite restaurant last night. \ Where did you go?
It was a locally owned Mexican restaurant. I had been craving it so bad and then there was a hair in my burrito! Ughh \  yeah I got to a few places like that
I just got a call my wife won tickets on the radio! \ Oh awesome! What are the tickets for?
Some band I think she said it was Rob Zombie \ That will be fun.
When I was a teen, I fell in love with my best friends girlfriend.  \ Oh that sounds dramatic. How did it turn out?
I had some bad feelings about it and him for a while, but I got over it.  \ I'm glad you worked it out!
I was very nervous starting my new job a few months ago \ A new job can be a little nerve wracking. Did it get better, once you settled in?
Absolutely!  I've really gotten the hang of things. I'm very comfortable here now. \ That's great. It sound like it's really working out for you. 
A lady sitting at the slot machine next to me won $600 \ I wish I was that lucky! I always lose.
Me too. I was not happy. I had just lost at that machine \ That is worse. I would have been so jealous and annoyed.
I failed my accounting class over the summer. I now have to retake it setting me back a little. Im a little bummed out. \ That sucks. Did you have a hard time with it?
I did. I really tried to do well too. \ Maybe you can get a tutor this time.
My best friend is going to Tahiti with his family! I wish so bad that I could afford to go there! \ You could always start saving now
Yeah, it would take forever though.  I just wish I could be like him. \ You can if you want
I have high hopes for tonight. I am going on a date \ That is great!  Are you really excited?
I am pretty excited \ I hope your date goes well!  Stay optimistic and positive!
I can beleive it i won! i won a free disney cruise! \ Awesome! you are extremely lucky. Will you be bringing anyone with you.
I have to bring my wife of course \ Duh! You better, I do hope you have a whale of a time. I would be elated.
I wanted to go to the party but I was not entirely prepared, so I borrowed my sister's fancy shoes without her knowledge. It happened that she was looking and I didn't know how to tell her I borrowed it. for her shoes \ Wow that is a predicament 
It is, I pretended as if I had no idea what she was talking about.  \ That was probably a good idea
My husband and I were out to dinner with some coworkers of mine and my husband farted right in the middle of it. \ Oh my gosh! That is so funny. Was he really embarrassed?
I think I was more embarrassed than he was!  \ I can understand that. But its still really funny. My husband is the one to get more embarrassed over things like that.
I always wake up before my two year old. I love to just cuddle her and look at her while she sleeps. It makes me so happy. \ Awww! Sounds like you're a great parent!
I couldnt imagine doing anything else with my life.  \ I hope I can be a mom someday!
I am waiting on results from a big test I took last week. \ How do you think you did?
I don't k now. I am so nervous. \ Well I hope it works out for you!
 I was very lonely before I met my girlfriend and close friends \ I am glad you met someone.
Thank you, I appreciate it! \ Everyone needs close friends to talk to and hangout with.
Someone has knocked on my door in the middle of the night the past two nights. It is kind startling and scary. \ Did they knock and leave?
Yea I didnt see anyone there by the time I got to the front. \ You should put a camera there. You can see it from your phone.
Classes start back for me on Monday \ Are you excited or dreading it?
Im excited this time. I took the summer off and it was a nice break but I am ready to get back to it \ Good for you. I hope you get a good start.
So, I met someone new a few weeks ago and we've been texting almost every day.  \ awesome, whens' the first date?
Next week. I feel really good about it! \ Aweomse, always great to see people forming new relationships.
I was walking into a meeting at work and fell flat on my face. \ Ouch! Did you trip over a cord?
yeah.  It was awful. \ Did you hurt yourself?
My sister talked me into going on a roller coaster with her. \ Oh yeah? I'm guessing you're not a big fan of roller coasters?
Not at all. It was so scary. I hated it! \ Aww I'm sorry you didn't like it. Roller coasters can be pretty scary, even for people like me who enjoy them.
I came home drunk from the bar and stole my neighbor's package that was sitting out. \ Uh oh! Did you get in trouble?
No, but I felt like a jerk when I gave it to them the next day and had to explain what happened. \ That is good that you gave it back and were able to admit your mistake. I am sure they appreciate that.
My dog took a big, fat, juicy poop on the carpet last night. \ oh wow. did you clean it up
I did! I was so mad at her that I made her stay in her room the rest of the night. \ wow that stinks
was happy to see my dog ricky return home \ What happened to him? Did he run away?
he got out from the backyard \ Oh wow. Did you put posters up all over the neighborhood to find him?
I went to the casino with my spouse, lo and behold I won a large amount of money. \ That's great!  Did you win it on a table game or at a machine?
I won it at the machine. I am not  gambler so I guess it was beginner's luck. \ Did you stop playing after that or did you try to win more?
I stopped playing, I was afraid of losing it all. \ I understand.  I play every now and again and I usually quit while I'm ahead.  It always ends up that I'm waiting on my friends to lose all their money so we can go home!
That would be sad to win a lot of money, then lose it all. \ Yeah - the first time I went with friends, I won 100 bucks but ended up giving it back to the casino.  I told myself that if I won money like that again, I'd just stop and take the money home.  It works out well!
I'm teaching my daughter how to drive, and so far, so good! \ That is wonderful, I imagine she is very excited.
She is!  At first, though, she was very nervous.  I told her we could start off slow - her dad lives 1 mile from me down a quiet road, so we started driving back and forth between the two houses. \ Okay i see well, take your time she will be getting her liscense soon
Hopefully by the first of the year.  We've worked up to driving to the dollar store 5 miles away.  She's still a little nervous but she's getting better and more confident the more we practice. \ She just needs to get her confidence and I am sure you are a great teacher.
I do what I can where I can.  Can't wait for our hard work to pay off and she gets her license! \ It will definitely paid off and I am rooting for her.
I think my boyfriend took my debit card again \ Does he do that often that is not ok
Its fine for him to ask, but he isnt answering the phone and I cant find it. I really hate when he does that without me knowing \ Yeah that is really not ok
So my girlfriend gave me her password on facebook as a sign of faith \ Oh wow. I have never done that
Yeah she is good and i trust her \ Well that is great. I think people get upset over other people actions when it comes to facebook.
I bought a new puppy three weeks ago. \ What kind of puppy did you get?
I got a doberman. Unfortunately I found it dead in my living room when I came home from work. \ Those are \big right?
I was going to the airport and i had been sick. So on the way i acsidently pooted in the car \ Accidents happen. Are you feeling better.
I am now i had a stomach bug i think \ I heard that was going around.
My coworker recently got the big promotion I was working so hard towards. \ Yikes.  I'm sorry to hear.  Will there be other chances available for promotion?
 Not for a long time. I was pretty upset, and wished it was me. \ I'd be pretty upset, too.  Did anyone give a reason why your coworker was chosen over you?
My house is a mess and I've got people coming over later on this evening. \ That can be overwhelming. Are you going to be cleaning all day then?
I'm going to try to.  If worst comes to worse, I'll just toss everything in my back bedroom, shiny up the floors and hope for the best!  *chuckle* \ I'm sure you will get it done!
Dove season opens next weekend. \ What is dove season?
A dove is a type of bird that you hunt with shotguns for. \ Oh!  I didn't know people hunted them!  What is used to hunt them?  Shotguns?
I have my first test in my class on Monday. I have studied a lot and feel more than ready for it! \ You sound confident. What subject is the class? 
It is an accounting class!  That is my degree I am going for!   \ Awesome. I'm sure you'll do well then.
I will be travelling to South America next month! \ That is so nice you must be really looking forward to that. Will you be traveling alone?
No, I will travel with my sister.  It will be such an opportunity to know great and different places and culture! \ Make sure you take lots of pictures and prepare for the weather.
I was watching a horror movie all by myself one night. It was a really scary movie \ You must have been really scare!  Could you sleep after that?
Yes I was, It was very hard to fall asleep after that. \ I imagine,  I am easily scared with these kind of movies, so I don't watch them much.
Halloween is my favorite holiday \ That's cool what's your favorite part about it
Dressing up with the kids. i have kept every costume my kids have had. \ Nice, you're never too old to go trick or treating haha
I injured my ankle 4 years ago and was super disappointed when I couldn't lift weights \ Were you competing?
Yes actually. I was supposed to train for a boxing match in China but it fell through \ Thats too bad. What do you do now?
I recently got a new haircut. \ How did you like it?
I love it, I feel very good about myself now! \ Great!  A new look can certainly help feel refreshed, at leas it does it for me.
Today I received and invitation to a big party in 2 weeks. \ Are you planning to attend?
 I knew the party was taking place, but didn't expect I was going to be invited, but sure I am looking forward, I've heard it is going to be amazing. \ I hope you have a great time!
With all the money I've been saving up, I should be able to purchase an Oculus Rift Virtual Reality system soon! \ Awesome, congrats! I'm not too familiar with the Oculus Rift, is there a particular game you're eager to play?
Hmm maybe Robo Recall, a game about fighting robots. Otherwise I have to find out what games are available! \ Robot games are always fun. I bet you'll have a great time!
I went on a new bike trail the other day, it was super fun but also a little scary. \ Ooh how so? Were there a lot of hills and sharp turns?
Yep, exactly. I also have a new bike so between the new route and the new bike, I was totally terrified of wiping out. So I took it slow. \ I see. Do you think you'll be going back on that bike trail?
Absolutely! And now that I know it better, I won't be so scared. I'm heading back out there Tuesday, can't wait! \ I hope you have tons of fun and enjoy a safe trip!
My friend makes stupid and impulsive decisions and often gets himself into trouble.  But I still look out for him   \ You are a loyal friend. I do hope your friend will learn from his mistakes.
Thanks. Me too.  Have you ever had that one friend who had some potential but would just sabotage his/herself \ Yes, i have that one friend and you don't want to give up on him. I hope he gets it together soon
As a new manager at my job, I really like working there, it has a lot of benefits. \ That's cool. What kind of benefits
The insurance is good, 401k and the pay is great. \ That's great. Do they offer dental and vision
Went back to school at 40. Finally got a degree. \ oh wow congrats
Thanks a lot! I'm so glad I finally did it. \ i wish i could go back to get another degree. thats great that you were able to do that
was happy to see my dog return home! \ Thank god! Was your dog missing?
yea he got out.. dang dog \ haha dogs always want to go out and play.
I have a vacation to the Bahamas coming up and I've been spending the past week packing all my belongings.  \ Bahamas is a nice Caribbean island, you must be really looking forward to it.
I am very excited. And with all the packing done, I finally feel ready to go! \ I can just imagine, make sure you take lots of pictures and dress for the weather. It will be hot. 
I have been living on my own and my dad paid three months rent in advance for me. \ That was so nice of him!
I wasn't even expecting it, it is really nice of him. \ You are lucky to have a nice dad.
I needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. \ what did you end up doing?
I still haven't gotten it. I am so pissed off. \ Oh, well I hope it works out well for you!
I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, it was so sad \ I'm so sorry to hear that. Death is never easy to deal with.
It is not, but thank you, I appreciate it \ I hope all your family was doing well.
I made a new friend at a convention I was volunteering at. I was shocked. \ What kind of con was it
Otakuthon 2018. It's about anime, Japanese culture and videogames. I was volunteering for the MSI booth (a PC-Gaming company). \ that is really cool! I like in Texas so i cant go to stuff like that
This guy called from the phone company demanding my info on the phone \ How odd. Sounds like a scam.
Yeah i was really nervous \ Did you look into the situation further? Did you call your phone company and see what they had to say about it?
My brother and I recently had to sell a house and he dealt with everything. I'm so lucky to have a brother I can rely on and who I know won't try and con me. \ Thats neat. Do you guys make a lot of money?
We did and he was so precise with who got what and made sure he sent me my share quickly. He's such a neat brother in so many regards. I always know he'll be there for anyone who needs help. \ I wish my siblings were like that. We should be more supportive and close like that
We weren't always close. When we were kids we were always fighting. It wasn't until we got older that we got closer. We're best of friends now. \ I am jealous lol
Don't be! There are many, many types of relationships and I don't think ours is necessarily typical. It's just the way it is :) \ I will work on it with my family. 
I think my daughter is going to always like school. \ That's a good thing. A lot of people (like me!) hate/hated it. She'll do so much better if she's happy.
Its all she talks about and she runs there in the mornings. I have to keep up \ How old is she? Is she studying something she can use later in life?
Oh she is only 5. Its just wishful thinking \ Oh, well goodness, encourage her! The sooner she starts learning to love to learn the more joy she'll get out of it!
I hope she keeps it up. Kindergarten isnt the same as 7th grade lol \ No, it certainly isn't! Hopefully, she'll keep loving it and will love learning for the rest of her life. Think what a gift that must be!
I have been collecting supplies for this hurricane season. I am as ready as I'll ever be for whatever comes my way! \ That's a good idea. It's best to be prepared for a dangerous weather situation, as you never know when it can happen.
Yeah, that is especially true since I am responsible for my wife and kid as well! \ Yes, as a wife and mother, I know I usually look to my husband for guidance and strength in situations like that!
My son was in advance placement and honors during high school. He went to a prestigious college after, going for as an Aerospace Engineer. He never ceases to astonish me with his intelligence and admire me with how hard he works to pursue his dreams. \ Wow!  It sounds like your kid is quite smart and gifted!  You must be really proud of him!
I am quite proud, thank you! I also have a teenage daughter that is very smart and an amazing artist, (which I don't know where she gets that talent). They really impress me with amazing they are! \ Man, that is amazing that both your kids are so talented.  I hope my little ones are like that.  Congrats on your great parenting!
I start a new job on monday. I'm sure I'll do great. \ I feel sure as well, you are clearly determined and intentional.
Yep and it pays better on top of that. \ That's the beauty of it, I feel motivated now so I need to keep an eye out on my local job market.
I heard a coworker talking down on welfare and other social support. I was offended but decided to hold my tongue. \ Pro's and Con's.  Those systems are abuse prone but, some people need them.
Yea that is true, I just have met a few people in need before so I always think of them. That's part of why I didn't speak on it though, it would take all day discussing factors or something. \ It can be infuriating.  For example, over a 3 year period in my own state, there was about ~20 million dollars worth of food stamps spent in major vacation hot spots (florida, hawaii, california, virgin islands)
I participated in a ropes course with my colleagues, we had to learn how to trust each other. \ That sounds amazing!  How did everyone do?
Pretty good. The hardest part for most of us was the blind trust fall, but in the end most of us learned to put faith in each other. \ Awesome!  Hopefully what you guys learned in the ropes course translates over into the workplace.
Going out today to learn a new route for my job and I'm hoping that I don't get lost. \ Are you able to learn the route first before you have to take it for your job or are they kind of just throwing you into it?
I got the assignment yesterday, and I told myself that I'd go drive around it today and tomorrow.  My boss is supposed to ride along with me the first week, and then after that I'll be on my own. \ Well hopefully you're able to familiarize yourself quickly. Good luck!
All the family members of my house left to visit grandma. No one is home with me. \ Why didn't you go
I had work and couldn't get the time off. Now it's just me and the four walls. \ Or it could be you and a dope house party
Ah now you are giving me ideas. Thank you. \ Or it could be you and a dope house party
I'm waking up everyday feeling like my life is getting more and more on track toward my goals.  It's pretty great \ That should be an awesome feeling. I do wish you all the best in life.
Thank you for your kind words. \ You're welcome! you have your whole life ahead of you, you are a star.
I let my little sister go into my wallet and grab my credit card so she can order something online for herself. \ Why did you do tht?
She's very trustworthy and I knew she wouldn't steal from me. It was also something she needed and didn't have the money to get it yet. \ That makes sense, you are a good older sibling!
I get annoyed by my brothers sometimes, but that is life I guess \ How come? What do your brothers do to annoy you?
just general annoying tactics, stealing my spots, taking showers first, etc \ I hope they don't do it on purpose to annoy you!
I came home from vacation to find that my home had been broken into. \ That is terrible. Did the police find them?
No they didn't. They stole my grandmother's broach. That is not replaceable. \ I hate that people do things like that.
I went to the casino just to eat yesterday. \ I love eating at casino's. They have some of the best food.
I know. I went with my mom and got so caught up in gambling I didnt even get to eat. \ Did you win anything?
So, my promotion results came out at work today. I wasn't very pleased. \ Oh no. What happened?
I wasn't selected for the new job. Somebody better qualified than me snatched that promotion from my bare and deserving hands! \ Hopefully, another position opens up! I'm so sorry to hear that.
Went to a restaurant where people were eating live squids \ That sounds so gross! Did you try any yourself?
Oh definitely not. I can't eat something alive and basically crawling across the table afraid! \ Likewise! I even too terrified to try sushi. It just looks so slimy.
I get annoyed by my brothers, they can really get on my nerves \ Yeah it happens my little bro drives me crazy sometimes
That is life I guess, but luckily I am the biggest and oldest \ Same here how old is your little bro?
My mom just called and told my my grandma has cancer \ Wow I am so sorry to hear that, my grandmother passed from cancer about 10 years ago
Yeah it is just hard now \ I get that, I will pray for her, best of luck friend
When I was a kid I was fat and ashamed about it.  So I worked out and got ripped and now I feel better about myself \ That is nice. You must have a nice body and I am glad that you feel better about yourself.
Thanks.  Too many people whine about how their life sucks and do nothing to change it. I'm not gonna be that guy \ True, if one is not happy about something the best thing is to switch things up.
My dog passed away a few days ago, we had him since he was a baby. \ Sorry to hear that RIP
Thank you. I wish my love for him could have kept him alive. \ Do you have any other pets
I am happy with my life right now, everything is going well \ That is awesome! What all do you have going on?
I have a good job, good girlfriend and good friends! \ That is great, you are very lucky and blessed!
My roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that I was going to take to work for lunch today.  \ Wow, what are you going to do?
I would like to punch him in the face but I won't. I'll just buy some Burger King or something on the way. \ I would maybe hit him or get revenge at least
Yesterday was my sister's birthday and I totally forgot to call her until today \ Was she upset!
She said it was ok, but I still feel bad about it.  I guess I will have to compensate her with a great present. \ What will you get her?
I am mad at how the Eagles played the other day, they lost to the browns \ What sport is that?  Sorry but I don't know anything about it.
It is football! \ Ok, sorry I didn't know.  I hope the play better next time!
I went to pick up my car from the mechanic and found a huge scratch on the side! They are saying they didn't do it! I am so mad right now! \ Oh my gosh. I am not surprised they denied any wrong doing. I think that is typical of mechanics. What do you plan to do about it?
I guess I can't do anything but write a bad review. \ I think bad reviews are important though. A lot of people use those to determine where they go for service. You may save someone else the trouble you have.
I get to drive up to visit my family on Monday. I am pretty excited! \ That sounds great!  Have you not seen them in a while?
I saw my sister about a month ago. But I haven't seen anyone else since February.  \ It will be good to catch up with them!  Family is all that matters.
 I once drank six pints of beer in a night and ended up getting very sick. \ I would imagine, that is a lot to drink!
It really is. I felt so bad about my actions, but it hasn't stopped me from doing it at least one other time. \ I get that, well I hope you feel betternow!
I am super pumped for the new super smash bros, I hope it is as great as it looks \ I'm looking forward to it too! I remember playing Smash on the N64. I loved it.
it was a great game, they have improved every single entry in my opinion! \ Sweet. I hope to meet you on the battlefield someday!
I just love halloween. This is going to be the best one yet. \ You sound excited? do you do it up big?
I I do themes with me and my kids. We were all comic book villains last year \ What are you going to do this year?
Im thinking fast food. Burgers, fries, milkshake lol \ That's an interesting theme.  Are you going to make the costumes your self?
Some parts. \ That sounds like lots of fun!  
I got all my gear squared away for a hunting trip next weekend. \ What do you hunt?
Lots of things. I love hunting and fishing and outdoor stuff in general but, dove season opens next weekend. \ I didnt even know there was a dove season. I actually never even went camping before
There is, they are a migratory bird and they're prized for their difficulty.       You should try it some time. As long as your ok without creature comforts camping and hiking is awesome. \ I want to some day.
My husband is going to be away in a business travel for a few day but I'm okey with that \ that is good, I am glad you can trust him like that!
Yes, that is  because I know he won't be unfaithful or do anything he shouldn't while away. \ That is awesome, I am glad you have that type of relationship!
I was shocked when my parents gave me a car for my graduation gift \ Wow, that is great!  You must have been very excited and grateful!
I sure was, i did not expect that at all \ I hope you enjoy your card very much!
I never learned how to ride a bike. \ why is that?
My parents never saw the importance I guess.  \ I get that, did your friends know how to ride bikes?
They did, but I was always too scared and not confident enough in myself. I thought I would fall and really hurt myself. \ Well it is never hard to learn if you give it a shot
I have been loyal to my girlfriend of almost 3 years now \ Congratulations! It always warms my heart to hear about a happy loyal companionship.
thank you, I appreciate it, I think it could work out \ Well, it has been for three years so that's a great sign!
I had some fried chicken yesterday \ I can't say I'm a huge fan of fried chicken. Did you enjoy it at least?
No. I bit into it and it was still pink. IT was disgusting \ Ew that's gross! Can't you get sick from partially cooked chicken?
My girlfriend made the cutest and most touching card for my birthday. \ Aww that's sweet. Did you cry?
I almost did. It was hard holding the tears back. \ Why hold them back? It okay to cry lol
My dog yakked all over the carpet last night. \ Wow, that is very annoying. What will you do clean the carpet?
I don't know! It's sooooo disgusting. I'm thinking about hiring a maid to clean it up. \ That is good idea.
I miss having a summer holiday like when I was a kid. When I was a kid, during summer, I was meeting my cousins and we had a lot of fun. \ Summer was so much fun! What did you usually do with your cousins?
We play soccer, went to the beach, biking. a lot of stuff. We didn't stop moving and making our parents worry \ I used to be an outdoorsy person myself. Did you guys ever go to the pool?
Whenever I see my friends on FB posting photos from my hometown I always start to miss it a little.  \ Awww. Do you ever go back and visit?
I havent been back yet but maybe I will in the winter so I can experience the snow again.  \ Where is rou hometown?
My friend is having a drink and paint party for her birthday tomorrow. \ I bet you are excited... are you bringing anything over with you? 
A bottle of moscato. She likes that. \ Sounds yummy! Thats a good choice. Have a great time. 
My cat has terminal kidney failure. There's no cure. \ Oh, I am so sorry! I used to have a dog we loved so much who had diabetes...we gave him insulin shots twice a day but we lost him. I can relate to how you feel... 
It really sucks. It's fairly common in cats and I sort of knew the diagnosis was coming but that doesn't make it any easier. I'm sorry to hear about your dog. \ Our pets are our family...it's not easy to see them suffer..I feel for you. And thank you about our dog.
We used to live in Hawaii. Only a couple of blocks from Waikiki beach. \ Oh wow, that must have been lovely. How was it living in paradise?
Exactly that! Paradise! We were living a dream life...everyday was like vacation. I wish we could go back. \ Well I hope for you that one day you can. Maybe retirement! Man, that would be amazing.
I know many people are already suffering for climate change but I believe if politicians take the right measures now, we can still save the planet \ I could not agree more with you. but it seems like a lot of politicians either don't care or are not putting enough resources into combating climate change.
I still hope they will be enlightened soon,  I will be praying for that. \ If all people do is pray, then certainly nothing will change. It's time to start acting instead of wishing for things to change if we want to our children and grandchildren to see a future.
I received horrific news from a best friend recently. \ Oh no,  what happened?
They had tried to commit suicide. It was very hard to hear but thankfully they are getting the help they need. \ That is terrible, you must have been devastated,  I hope he find the help he/she needs.
MY friend is having a party for her two year old. \ Aww that is sweet are you going?
I want to go on a date instead. I feel bad \ Aww well do what you think is best
That's what I want to ask you lol \ Well I would go on the date then buy the kid a big present.
I just had a son and Last night he woke up crying. I went in to hold him and in that moment it clicked that im a dad now \ Awww. I remember that feeling with my first kid
It is a great feeling \ it is. just wait until he says "dada" you will melt lol
I told my daughter I would watch a scary movie with her tongiht \ What movie do you plan to watch?
IT. I am so scared when it comes to horror films. I am going to back out \ Oh I've seen that, it is not too bad! I had fun watching it.
I put in an old Backstreet Boys album the other day and the memories came flying back!  \ I used to love them. I cant believe that are still performing
I love them still! It's crazy how certain songs can make you remember the past! \ I thought they were so much better that nsync too lol
you know at work, one of my coworker is always singing to himself, it bugs me \ Oh dear, but are you allowed to sing at work? That must be so annoying.
it really is, he thinks he knows how to sing, i would not be so annoying if he knew how to sing  \ He needs to just sing in the shower. Tell him to quit singing.
I went to the movie with a friend, apparently he saw the movie before and kept chatting and telling me what's going to happen next in the movie. \ i hate when someone does that, it can be so annoying :)
Yes it is geez! If I knew I would have never go with him. \ no need to go that far, just make sure your friend has not seen the movie before and go out and enjoy it.
Someone threw a bunch of empty beer cans in my truck bed. \ what did you do?
I went to the nearest gas station and borrowed their trash can.  It's a bad idea to drive around with a truck bed full of beer cans. \ that is true, that is lame though
I trust my family, they have never let me down \ Its always good to have solid family members.  Not everyone has that.
that is true, i try not to take them for granted \ That's good to hear.  
I've deployed overseas twice in my lifetime, leaving my wife to care for her own. \ I bet you hate having to leave and I am sure she misses you.
I did, but it's been years since my last deployment. It's just nice knowing that she is a strong enough person to hold down the fort. \ You must be proud of her. That is great.
My mom told me to pick my little brother up from daycare after I got out of school. \ She must have a lot of faith in you.
Well she did I guess until she got a phone call from his daycare 3 hours after I got out of school. The daycare was closing and my brother was still there. I had forgot him. \ Ouch! I hope he was okay!
One time I slipped on a banana peel \ Haha no way, I thought that only happens in cartoons!
Yep, everyone was laughing at me \ I'm sorry but I probably would have, too. Hopefully you didn't get hurt though!
My neighbor was recently diagnosed with a pretty bad form of cancer. \ That is unfortunate, is he doing any chemotherapy ?
I'm not entirely sure of the regimen, I didn't want to ask too many questions. But I've been bringing pre-cooked meals over for her and her husband when I get a chance to help them out a little. \ Well I hope everything works out for him!
I decided to change jobs lately, but I am now not sure about my decision.  \ Are your not liking your new job?
I am now not sure I will adapt to this new job and I am not liking my new boss either. \ That's no good. What are you going to do?
I feel kind of alone now. I dont hang out with friends much \ I am sorry you are feeling lonely.   Why don't you see your friends much anymore, are you all to busy>
Kids are keeping me busy. My friends are busy too. \ Yes I know what you mean,  That has happened to me too.
One time I was waiting all day for the mail man to deliver my package \ What were you waiting for!
I was waiting for my computer monitor! \ Nice!  The anticipation must have been killing you!
I found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. Talk about blast from the past! Such good memories! \ Wow what kind of toys did you find
A bunch of star wars toys and some legos as well! \ THe nostalgia must have been so good!
My neighbor keeps making noise at 2 in the morning. \ I'm so sorry! Have you complained at all?
Yea, I have. Doesn't seem to affect them. \ That's unfortunate. I hope that something changes soon. It is detrimental to your health!
I recently had a one night stand with a woman from my past. It caught both of us off guard \ Oh wow. That's crazy.
Yes, it was a very interesting time. I wish to continue talking to her despite living in different locations \ I'm glad you made amends then and no drama.
I was over here in the US when my Grandma passed in Scotland. I was so upset - nobody could get hold of me to tell me and her funeral was over before I knew about it. \ Thats sad. Have you been to Scotand since?
Only for funerals, unfortunately. Both my parents have since died. Unpleasant fact of life, I'm afraid. \ Im sorry to hear that. Were you born there?
Yes I was. I didn't come to the US until I was in my 30s. Didn't expect my Grandma to pass the minute I got here, but she was 96, so it shouldn't have been such a surprise! \ 96! Wow. Thats a full life!
She was as fit as a flea too. She tripped and broke her hip and got a bad infection in the hospital. That's what she died of! \ Wow. She probably couldve kept going for years if it wasnt for that.
I got home from work the other day and the entire house was spotless \ Nice! Would you like to send the cleaning fairy round to my place?!
It was my daughter. i hadnt even asked her too! \ What a wonderful daughter you have. She has a very good heart. You've obviously been an excellent parent!
I guess so. I shuld treat myself... maybe her too \ Definitely both of you :) Maybe go to an ice cream parlor or a spa?
Thats sound like a good idea \ Or even do both! Is your daughter in school?
I ran out of laundry soap the other day, when I went to the store I grabbed a brand I hadn't used in many years. \ How well did it work out for you?
Oh it worked fine, but when I pulled my laundry out it surprised me how the smell of that soap reminded me of my life all those years ago when I used it regularly. Isn't it weird how scents can do that? \ Wow!  That is such a great feeling!  I love when good memories come back to me!
I just put in a bid for a house that I really want! I am praying I get it! \ Oh wow, that must be exciting! Is this your first home?
Yes, and I want this one a lot! \ I hope you do, too. I will definitely throw in a prayer or two that you do!
I found an old RC car I had when I was a kid in the closet. \ Does it still work?
The batteries are long dead. I'll have to get a new battery if I want to test it out. \ Nice. I love finding old stuff from my childhood.
I drank my roommates beer last night. I feel pretty bad about it. \ That's pretty rude.  Are you going to buy him some more beer.
Yea but he was leaving early to go tailgate and I didnt have time. \ Man.. I'm glad you're not my roommate.
One time I saw my husband looking at another women \ o no what did you do?
I slapped him and beat up the other women \ o no im not sure that was the best response
I was walking and leaned down and ripped my pants \ Wow did anyone see?
im not sure i think these guys did \ Dang, it must have been embarrassing 
I like too see pictures of my kids when they were babies, but it always made me cry a little remembering the all times \ You are exactly like me. Those were the good old days
