Football season is about to start. I used to always watch the opening day games with my dad. I'm halfway across the country now though, and we won't be able to do it in person for a long time. Makes me miss him \ Oh dang, that is too bad.  Can you guys video call?
Eh, we're not really the type to do that. Especially not him. And it's not worth it. Just a phone call here or there. Just miss the tradition is all. We're big family people \ Oh OK, hopefully you have some friends you can bring over and share your traditions.
I don't know if its weird but I am most comfortable laying in bed watching TV and hanging out from there. \ I'm right there with you. I've always been a home-body. I don't like going out as much. Sometimes people say millennials and technology have disconnected people too much.. that could be true. But at least we're comfortable doin it.
Yeah for sure, I still like people but not everyday and my fiance is usually enough for me with my animals! \ Absolutely. I'm the kind of person that can be around for people a little bit, but get drained by them. I think that's getting more and more common for others. Could you tell me what kind of animals you have real quick!
My 5 year old son is already reading! He picked up on it so fast! \ That is awesome, I was an early reader as well! That is a great accomplishment!!
My daughter was also but I didn't want to put any pressure on him since all kids are so different and it didn't matter.  But he astounded me and loves reading and writing.   \ I hope they both keep the love for reading and writing!
I didn't get the big promotion at work. \ Oh no! I'm so sorry!  Are you able to be up for another one soon?
There are promotions that come up quite often within my company, so I am hoping for another chance within the month. \ Oh great! That's sooner than in my company.  I know you'll get one. Just keep working hard and good luck!
SO I dropped my wallet in the train, and when I bent down to pick it up, I accidentally released a  loud fart. Worse of it call, there was lady who was sitting and heard it!  \ It happens to the best of us! I know the lady understands!
I hope so, she pretended not to hear but I know she heard it. It was just so embarrassing and left me red faced!  \ Maybe you'll never see her again! 
I didn't get a big promotion at work, I worked so hard for it. \ Sorry to hear that, I know that you probably feel disappointed but there will be other opportunities! 
I was,but I will try harder next time. \ Yes, and you will succeed eventually. 
I dont like uncertainty. I like to know what is going to happen. \ Do you have some uncertainty in you life right now?
Im not sure what I want to do career wise. \ That is really tough.  Are you in a career now?
Yes, but not in my major. \ Do you have any opportunity for an internship of some sort?  The career advisers from your school may be able to help.
I am done with Uni. Im thinking of going back and getting a different major. \ I did that myself, and I can tell you it was well worth it.  I am much happier now than I ever was.  I wish you very good luck on whatever you decide to do!
I have been alone for almost 5 years now.  \ As in living alone or single?
Living alone because my wife passed away.  I miss her very much. \ Oh no. Thats terrible. 
Was walking down the street yesterday and some little twerp ran his skateboard right into me, and he slammed into the back of my knee. It's been throbbing all day and it's swollen. Pretty sure something's messed up. I'm ready for bad news. At least I have insurance now. \ Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that! Put your leg up and relax this weekend! 
Yeah, I've been lazing all day. I'm already starting to feel really fat. I want to find that lil chump and ring his neck.. hopefully my insurance covers all I need it to \ I hope your insurance does too! Just take care of youself and I hope you feel better soon!
My daughter has been sick for months but she is finally starting to get better! \ Glad to hear it. I hate hearing about children having tragic childhoods and not being able to just simply be a kid. But at least she'll have a good perspective and appreciate life more.
Thank you, Defenitly! She is still young and most likely won't remember this either!  \ Even if she does, it will help make her a well-rounded, relatable person. Usually these things help ground kids and give them character. But maybe you're right, if she moves on from it quickly, that's great too!
My current employer is having big financials problem. I am afraid that the company will go into bankruptcy. \ That sounds really frustrating to deal with. You sound like you're self-aware and anticipating the problem, though. Perhaps you've already started preparing to look elsewhere?
I started looking. I have been with this company for so long that I forgot how to write a resume and how to look efficiently for a job. \ Well, luckily Google is so helpful these days. There's tons of templates out there. It's kind of annoying to deal with, especially because it's being motivated by your company possibly disappearing.. but it won't take long at all to craft a good one, especially because oftentimes the shorter they are, the better
First time in a long time I've gotten a haircut that I'm satisfied with. For once my big head doesn't look so big. I actually don't feel too stupid looking! \ Nice. Did you find a good hairdresser?
Just some barber who found a way to give me what I like without me being able to say it. That's always been my problem, I have problems describing it, and feel dumb trying to find pictures showing it. I just told him to do what he think would look good.. luckily it worked \ That is great.
my dog is sick we took him into the vet and now we are playing the waiting game \ I am sorry to hear that! My dog is a part of the family, so I understand. I hope everything is okay.
yeah it is scary to think we could lose him... \ It is scary to think about, I hope for the best!
I loved my previous job. \ what did you do?
I cared for patients in the emergency room. \ that is a cool job
I get to go on vacation with my husband and kids on Monday. I am so excited! \ That's great. Where are you going?
We are going to Wisconsin to see my family. We havent seen them since Christmas. \ Sounds like a great trip. I hope you guys have a fun time.
My daughter is pregnant with her first child. I am optimistic everything will go smoothly. \ That is exciting. When is she due?
She is due around Thanksgiving. It will be a great time to give thanks! \ Yes it is! Is she having a boy or a girl?
She's have a girl! I am so excited! \ Awww! Congratulations! I hope everything goes smoothly.
Sometimes I feel like I have so much going on that I feel overwhelmed and over ran with anxiety that it makes it hard to stay focused on everything \ I totally understand.  Life can sometimes seem overwhelming.  I have learned to stop, take a deep breath, and do one thing at a time.
That makes sense. I am going to start trying that more \ It's just a way to calm the body and the mind.  It is SO easy to fall into the trap of anxiety.  But falling there doesn't accomplish a thing.  Take a breath, focus on one small success, then move to the next.  
My friends just recently purchased a brand new, new car smelling, 2019 Honda Civic. \ Yikes! Bet the car payment is not worth it. lol
Well, for me, I am honestly angry.  I look at their success and feel it should be me!   \ Sometimes jealousy can become us. But most times it does not pay to be that way, cause 9 times out of 10 those kind of people is just living off credit so technically it is not something they own out right
My friend showed me his Minecraft world and it was amazing! Looked like he spent days on it \ What had he made in the world?
He had created one giant hole and filled it up with water, super cool \ That's super cool, I played a few years back but eventually quit.
Just had to tell mom I stole some candies, \ Woah, hope she doesn't report you! Jk
I hope so too, but I feel quite guilty regarding it, \ I see, hope she is able to understand!
I really don't like when things happen when noone is home. \ Things? Like what kind of things?
Like stuff falling off shelfes because a dog runs into them! Hah, crazy I know. \ I know what you mean! I'm literally doing the same thing right now, babysitting my neighbor's dogs in her big two-story house, all alone. Makes me feel like someone's watching me...
My 66-year-old retired dad is having to babysit my brother's kids over the summer, who are under the age of 5. I have to say, he's putting up with it pretty well." \ He must love his grandkids.
Yeah, but he doesn't have a lot of patience.. And he curses a lot! \ Ah well, he raised your and your brother so he knows what hes doing.
I have hope that I will get into grad school. \ What are you applying for?
School Counseling. \ That sounds interesting, when do you learn if you got in?
Just got such a big award at the game. \ What game and what kind of award>
It was a hockey game I scored 8 goals and won the MVP. \ Way to go! That is a great accomplishment!
I just bought my first house.  I get to move in next week. \ Oh wow that is so exciting! I'm sure you are excited to move in.
I really am.  My wife and I are going to go puppy shopping the day after we move in since we can finally have one! \ Aww that's great! I have two dogs, they become part of the family! Enjoy your new house :)
I had to cancel our family vacation coming up next month. \ I am really sorry to hear that.  I hope everything is alright.
Yes, his work told him he couldn't go after they already approved the time off. Guess next month is going to be busy at his work :( \ Well, that is just terrible.  I hate it when companies jerk you around like that.  I hope you will be able to reschedule it, although I know that wouldn't make up for the frustration.
I am so happy with my life right now. \ You sound very content. What makes you happy?
I have the best husband and son I could ever ask for! \ Well that is a good reason. You are blessed.
I saw this creepy looking clown peering in my window the other night. I almost jumped out of my skin. \ Oh no, I would have had a heart attack.
I ran into the basement and hid in a closet. I have been down here ever since. At least I got Internet access. \ Sell the house!
Life is good, it's the gift that keeps on giving \ that is a great way to look at it
Glad you think so as well! \ Yeah more people should look at life like you do
my boyfriend took me to a haunted house  \ Nice, how was it?
no it was scary! \ Hope you're all right!
I make the good fluffy cheesecake. But sometimes it's hard because the egg whites have to be perfectly beaten. \ Are you doing the cheesecake for your family?
Yes, they enjoy it a lot. I always like making it for them. \ That is great.
I love so much my wife. She has been so caring and kind with me. \ That's really nice! You should show her you appreciate her. Maybe cook her dinner!
I am bad cooker but I take her frequently for dinner in restaurant. \ Ahh yes, that's very nice too, good for her! You guys have a happy marriage.
I get so flustered whenever there is a training class at work and I have to get up in front of everyone and walk out.  I dread if I have to use the restroom or get water! \ Ugh that must so inconvenient and uncomfortable! 
It really is, I just have social anxiety really bad I think. \ I can relate, I get red face when ever I have to come infront of the class to present. 
My friend just won a lottery and got tickets to the Superbowl and I lost!  \ Oh gosh, is he going to take you to the Superbowl at least?
I dont think he can since he only won one ticket. I am beyond jealous right now but also happy for him since he really wants to go.  \ Just one ticket, that sounds lonely for him.
I saw a huge cockroach outside my house today! \ did you call the exterminator?
Not yet since it's the weekend. We live in Texas so they are common but still gross! I'm glad I haven't see any in my house. \ I live in Texas to so i know those feels
we went to disney with the kids it was amazing \ Nice! I want to take my daughter when she is older. Did you go to Disneyland or world?
land! \ California is fun to visit as well! Glad you all had fun.
My mom gave me one of our old photo albums the other day. \ aww that is great!
Yeah it really brought back some great memories! \ yeah my mom did that for me a few years back
i was in the break room and took a extra doughnut \ Oh naughty. Did anyone see you?
no but i still feel bad about it \ Well it's not a huge deal in the grand scheme of the universe! I am sure it will be fine.
I am all packed and ready to go see my family! \ Are you making a trip to see your family?
Yes! We are driving up to see them on Monday. \ Great. It is always good to see your family. Is it very far?
I recently found that I was adopted. I felt terrible bad. \ That would definitely be a difficult thing to find out. How did you find out?
I had an argument with my oncle. He is one that told me. He told me "You are not part of this family!!! You are adopted!!!" \ Wow. That is really horrible. I am so sorry that happened to you. 
I lost my swim bottoms going down the slide at the water park. \ Haha.. I feel like that's almost a rite of passage when going to water parks. I've had that happen, too. Hopefully it wasn't too traumatic for you. I almost lost my glasses once, too! Now that was really scary
It was horrible, but I recovered! No shame. \ That's the spirit. It's good that you don't take yourself too seriously. Heck, my roommate walked in on me doing some "self-pleasure" just yesterday.. I used to think that was my worst nightmare, but in the moment I just did my best to laugh it off so we could move forward faster
My apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as I get set to leave after this month. I know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! I feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same \ I hate when that happens! The same thing happened to me when I moved out of my apartment. They kept my security deposit because they needed to replace carpet.
It's a racket. The building is from the 1950s and has hardly been updated. Of course everything is going to look like crap. They just splash the cheapest white paint everywhere. At least there's no carpet in mine that would need to be replaced. Bleh \ Mine hadn't been replaced in 6 years, I found that out after the fact. 
I feel so alone now that I'm single. \ Don't feel bad, many people are experiencing the same feelings.  Try to focus on meeting new and interesting people!
I have but it never works out. All of my friends are married now. \ Have you tried online dating?  Many of my friends have experienced success with apps like eharmony!
I was so mad at my coworker. He left for an extended work deployment and I inherited all his unfinished work. \ That's not fair. Why didn;t they split it up with more people.
You would think they would, but no.  What makes it worse, is my coworker knew I was being left with his stuff and he made no attempt to close anything out! \ That's terrible. Maybe you can get a promotion if you get it all done.
My boss informed me that I am in the first position of getting the promotion \ That's pretty awesome, congrats
Thanks, my confidence in my abilities is just getting better and better! \ Confidence is key, it's honestly what upper management looks for not necessarily technical skills right off the bat...just like Leo DiCaprio in "Catch Me if You Can" haha
People can give me all the bullshit advice they want on how to live my life and how I need to know my place in society....but I'll just smile and nod because I only trust my instincts and am have ridiculously more freedom, money and happiness than I've ever had before \ Good on you. You need to be comfortable in your own skin and its not other people's business to tell you how to live. 
Exactly.  Funny thing is they're usually the same people that bitch and moan on Facebook about having a job or boss they hate but do nothing to change their path it's hilarious \ Yes, they should really learn to concentrate on their own life instead of complaining about other people.
i was inbed last night and heard a loud bang in the kitchen \ Did you get up to check it out?
yeah i was sneaking in there when i found the cat looking as guilty as can be \ That would have scared me. At least it wasnt an intruder.
I have an overseas trip coming up. I have never been and I am feeling a little scared right now about going. \ that is exciting@
Yea but I have never been in a foreign country before. \ yeah same but it can be fun
I was watching professional rodeo last night. I was amazed at how the cowboyos can stay on the bulls so long. \ That is an amazing talent to have. I would be so scared!
Yeah they must practice a lot. I would be afraid of getting trampled. \ Me too, that would be terrible.
I am waiting to see if I pass the GRE. \ I hope you did it. Don't worry too much.
Thank you, I am trying my best.  \ If you need to you can always take it again. Good luck!
What a scary night that was. \ What happened? Hope you are okay?
My house burned night earlier, had to get my mom out. \ Omg that is so scary, I am so sorry to hear that. 
I have a big test on Monday, I am so nervous. \ What is the test on?
It's for my Chemistry class. I haven't slept much because I'm worried so I keep studying. \ Chemistry is quite difficult,have you studied hard?
I was going through the stuff in my attic last night \ Did you find anything great?
Yeah I found some old pictures of when us kids used to go to my grandma's house for xmas \ What a wonderful memory.  
I woke up this morning to my wife telling me she's pregnant! \ Oh hey that's awesome!  That is awesome right?
It is soooo awesome.  We have been wanting a baby for so long.  I can't wait, but I was shocked out of a dead sleep! \ That is awesome!!!! Congratulations!
I have been thinking about rescuing an animal. \ That sounds pretty admirable. What kind of animal? Dog?
Maybe a cat. They are really sassy. \ Yeah, I'm afraid to get a cat because you never know what kind of personality you'll get with them
I'm really proud of my mom because of how she's stepping up to help my brother raise his children as he struggles to do it alone \ Thats very admirable.
Yeah, I'm proud of her. But sometimes I feel like she's enabling him and acts as a crutch for him. Don't know if it's my business to say so, though \ Enabling is pretty bad. People don't learn if someone is always saving them from every thing.
I don't like scary things but I really like Stephen Kings new show. \ I'm about to watch it! Please don't spoil it. I'm excited for it, even though I've only seen a couple of TV shows and movies based off of his books, and only read a couple of the actual books
I was suprised that I wasnt too scared. Its really good and not too terrifying \ Yeah, I like a lot of the actors they've got for that show, so I'm really looking forward to it. Might save it to binge it though
I now have a new boss, and today was my first day of a leadership meeting with him.  You never know how you will be received. \ Oh man, that's so nerve-wracking. Do you think you guys will be a good fit?
He spent some time laying out his beliefs and his expectations, and I have to say, I agreed with all but one of them.  That's pretty good.  He spent a lot of time watching the rest of us interact with each other, so I think he is trying to feel us out without making judgments yet. \ Then it sounds like at least he has some perspective and ability to know not to overreact. I guess you could say you lucked out, but that may be me speaking too prematurely
My mother will be 85 in a few days. My sister planned a surprise party knowing the day, hour and location would be very difficult for me to attend. \ I hope you make it. Thats a big birthday.
It is day after tomorrow and I am still not certain I can work it out. Sometimes people are very inconsiderate. \ That not good. Maybe she will understand if you just can't make it.
Hi, how are you? \ I'm doing pretty alright, what about you?
I have been better, I just am kind of annoyed with lying.  Does lying annoy you also/ \ Absolutely, it is one of my biggest pet peeves, especially when people accuse me of lying too.
I had the worst time last week. I went with my girlfriend to see one of her friends and she talked to him with so much more energy and passion than she does with me. \ I really wish I could NOT correlate to that.  But I can.  Me and my girlfriend are going through a weird time right now where she likes to tell me how hot other guys right to my face.  It is a terrible feeling, and I know exactly what you are talking about.  If it occurs a lot more I suggest you saying something about it, better to know the truth than dwell on it everytime.
That's so terrible to hear about. Do girls not understand that men also want to be valued over some random guys that they meet or even just see on the street? It's crazy to me that they are so rude sometimes. \ Yea, recently I have been trying to decide whether or not I want to mute my girlfriend on social media or not, like not block her, just mute her.  Because it bothers me how she acts single on social media, and it confuses me as to whether she wants to be with me, or is just trying to live a different personality online.  Because she talks to me and is all lovey-dovey, then gets on social media and talks like "I don't need anyone" and talks about how hot guys are.  And it leaves me so stuck and with the worst anxiety.
My cousin just called with the craziest story. She and her family are locked inside a cemetery. \ Wow... That would be one of my worst fears. How did they even manage to do that?
They had gone to a fair and decided to stop on their way home and walk around. I guess her husband lost track of time. The worst thing is they haven't eaten anything since about noon. \ Wow! Any way they can get out? Did they call someone?
I was prepared for my History test due to studying. \ Was your history test hard even after all the studying?
Yes but I was prepared. \ That's good, did you end up passing then?
My girlfriend hasn't talked to me in a few days and I'm struggling to keep it together but I am at the moment. \ Have you tried to call her?
I have, but she's going through a rough time and likes to seclude herself. \ Maybe give her space.
You hope your teens make the right choices, but sometimes even the right choices feel wrong.  He is choosing to be away with friends and not at home much.  I believe this is healthy, but I can help but want something different. \ I know it is hard to start letting go, but it gets easier with time.  Don't worry, you are not alone.
That's what my own mother says.  In fact, she said my dad had a harder time than she did when I called and said, "Hey, I'm staying the night at so and so's, be back tomorrow."  I guess I will survive!  Hopefully he will choose to spend time here as he hits his 20s! \ Yeah, they always seem to come back!  You just have to love them from afar for  a while.
I really love my life right now. \ Thats really good to hear.  Whats going on?
Nothing really! I just love that I can work at home and have time to clean or cook whenever I want. \ I work from home too.  Its so nice to be able to do laundry and things on my breaks.  Im so productive around the house
Right? And no having to interact with others unless we choose too. \ and I can stay in my PJs all day long!
Big dinners are always a great way to tie everything up at the end of the day. Was it a pretty long day for you? \ With work, yeah. It was also nice because we had everyone in the family there, about 9 of us, with lots of kids. Very lively dinner table.
It's such a bummer that I did badly on the job interview I had today. \ I'm sorry. Are you sure you did that bad?
I am and I prepared so much for it! It's all quite upsetting. \ They'll be other interviews.
Every good show on tv is ending or has already ended. \ What shows are you thinking of specifically?
Game of thrones is the top one. I want it to last forever \ I didn't realize it was ending? You must be disappointed.
I was scared the other night when I heard several gunshots in a row. \ Oh wow, I hope you are fine!
I am. I am in a very dangerous neighborhood so you just never know if it's going to get you and the police don't show up. \ Yikes. If I was you, I would get my own gun! Better to have it and not need it, then have not have it then need it!
I can't wait to get paid on Friday! \ payday is the best day! What are you doing to do?
I'm thinking save half of it and then spend the rest to get a standing desk. I sit way too much and my hips pay the price unfortunately! \ OH wow! I feel you there and it's totally worth it! If you have to sit- get a donut pillow to not sit on your tailbone.
I am upset Brian Lawyer died. \ Oh that's horrible. Who's Brian Lawyer?
He was a WWE wrestler. \ I've never heard of him, but that sucks. How'd he die?
He hung himself. \ Oh wow that's horrible.
I've just started taking a new body building supplement and it's working wonders so far. \ What is the name of it?
It's creatine. I'm hoping I continue to make progress while using it. \ I hear that stuff is bad for you.
I know I will be able to get my speeding ticket overturned. \ Ohh no, were you pulled over wrongly?
Yes, his radar was way off. \ How fast did they say you were going?
My daughter has learned to read and it is so rewarding to see her continue to grow! \ Thats great news.
Yeah, she is really getting to be so grown up. \ That is great news.
I witness a great sight. I saw a gas station attendant leave his post to pump gas for a lady who has a hard time getting around. \ That's really sweet. We don't have gas station attendants here. But that's nice that they're that helpful.
The one I refer to is more like a cashier. He is supposed to stay in a little shack and collect money and turn the pumps on. The lady offered him a tip and he wouldn't take it. \ Ohh, that makes sense. Yeah, then that's really nice of them! And really sweet of her to offer a tip. I guess there's good in the world after all.
My brother is about to find out that I had to steal $20 from him to pay for gas, since I was in such a bind. He's gonna be so mad at me \ Did you really steal it or was it more like borrowing without asking first?
Kind of the latter... But still, I feel grimy about it. I just had no other alternative. I'm between jobs, and I needed gas to get to a job interview. We'll see how he reacts, but he has a short fuse. \ Hmmmm. with no job and no way to pay it back I sure hope he can be understanding.
I just got off the phone with one of my old buddies that I met for the first time in years yesterday and we are gonna go hang out sometime on Sunday! It just makes me really happy to think that we are reconnecting. \ Thats great. Where did you meet?
We met yesterday at this restaurant and just had some good conversation, ate some food, and caught up with each other's lives. \ What did you eat?
I can't believe the Falcons blew the Super Bowl. I was there. \ Oh you were? I really am not a huge sports fan, so what was so big about this?
It had never happened before. \ Never once? Damn, no wonder you were so shocked by it!
Watched an old TV show that I used to watch with my ex-girlfriend. Made me yearn for those past times. But trying not to get too down in the dumps about it. \ What show was it?
It was Dr. Who. She was a nerd who love to dress up as those characters and go to conventions. \ Oh. I've never seen that show. I know it has die hard fans though.
I spend way too much money on food. \ That's a tough one. Do you eat out a lot? That's usually the culprit. I had to learn how to cook for myself so I could afford to live.
I get food delivered several times a week. It's terrible. \ Oh man, that's doubly terrible! Yeah, if you can, you should try to make a budget and get better at cooking for yourself. Huge money saver, but I'm sure you already knew that. I hope it works for you, though.
Really don't want to start my new job in a week. It's at a fast food place and I don't know if I'll be able to keep up with demand \ Those jobs are hard. You can always try it and see if you like it. I recommend a temp agency they often have nice desk jobs. Some even offer work from home jobs.
Yeah. But maybe it will instill some good work ethic in me, and teach me how to be good at multi-tasking. We'll see. \ MOst work requires multi tasking. Yes that is true. You sound like you already have a good head on your shoulders.
I had someone steal my lawn mower. I never had anything stolen since I lived here. \ that's terrible. Was it an expensive one?
I think they all are. At least 100 or 200. I was shocked because I have a fenced in yard and dogs people are scared of- They WILL bite and are big- They were very brave and stupid. \ No kidding... Who goes out of their way to get a lawnmower? Like... Why risk getting arrested and going to jail for a lawnmower... Oh well... Humanity. Sorry to hear that happened to you.
My dad just passed away. Even though I haven't lived near him to be able to see him often in a long time, I really feel his missed presence. It just feels... strange \ I'm sorry to hear that, I hope he is in a better place now! How old was he?
He was only 67. He struggled with a heart condition most of his life. Thanks for the kind words. \ Oh wow, I can't imagine losing my dad at 67. I hope you make it through these hard times, stay strong!
I was in awe at the driving ability of my aunt, she's old but she still has it! \ Right on! That's cool to hear. Everyone likes to rag on older people driving. Glad to hear she's the exception. What kind of car does she drive?
Thank you! She drives an old cadillac and she drives it like a Ferrari. It's pretty grand watching her drive sometimes! \ Haha... That sounds awesome. Wish I could carpool with her. I hate driving, but it sounds like she loves it.
I'm having a party this weekend and I already got my grocery shopping done for it! I refuse to be last minute like last time. \ I have a friend who plans ahead like that.  I'm a last minute gal.  I think you will be less stressed by planning ahead.
I will be and be able to enjoy myself more in the days leading up to the party. \ Not to mention enjoy the actual party, too!  Are you celebrating anything in particular?
I have been fortunate to live a good life but I found a lump in my neck.  Most people would get it checked out immediately.  I waited.  I was scared to get the news. \ I would absolutely be scared too. Good news or bad, I would be a worried wreck beforehand. Have you gotten it checked out yet?
I finally went to an ENT doctor in May.  They biopsied it, and that was the most nerve-wracking five days I have ever waited.  It WAS good news, but still had to have removed. \ I'm so glad to hear it was good news, though!
So I was at work today, wearing some slightly tight jeans, since they're slim fit, and I bent over and they split. Just like in the movies. I meant people could see my undies... \ Oh my god, I would have been so embarrassed! How'd you react?
mortified. Tried to pretend it didn't happen. At first no one noticed, but then they all figured it out. I left at lunch time :( \ So you left work at lunch time? Did you come back or were you too ashamed?
I came back! Was worried about getting fired. People will probably tease me for a bit, but oh well. \ Yeah, I mean things happen. Better to put it in the back of your head and keep trucking along.
I have a two week vacation coming out and I'm friggin' excited!  \ Dang, a whole two weeks? Going anywhere, or just hanging out and really enjoying yourself at home?
Plan on doing both, actually. We're going to Florida for about a week and then after we return from that trip I'm going to just bum out for a week. \ That's a good way to do it. especially because it's easy to get those post-vacation blues. That's actually really smart
About to take my driver's license test in a few days. Been practicing for a while now. I know I'm about to smash it \ Good to hear you're confident! I'm sure you'll do well if you've been studying.
Yeah, been getting a lot of practice in behind the wheel. That way my adrenaline doesn't spike too high. Wish I could tell you how it goes, but that's alright \ You don't have to tell me, I know you'll ace it! You sound well prepared.
I recently got caught speeding and lied to the cop about why, so he let me go. I feel kind of guilty/ \ Yeah, everyone speeds. Terrible to get caught. Hopefully you weren't speeding in a neighborhood, were you?
No, it was a highway and I wasn't going much over the limit. I still felt bad, though. I don't know why I lied, it just came out! \ Yeah, I know. Adrenaline gets to you. You're human. At least you were doing it in a sort of safe way, it sounds like. Some cops are just out to get you.
just heard a thump upstairs in a house I'm house sitting all alone at. Really don't want to go check it out \ Don't go check it out. That never turns out well in horror movies. Bring a gun then or another person.
I don't have a gun! Or another person! Ah man... Guess I'll just sleep in the bathroom with the door locked \ I would do that! Or call a friend over- Get a weapon too.
Our water company decided to tear our street up, start on mine for like the third time in a year to replace pipes again \ Yikes... sounds like they need to hire better people. Hopefully the noise isn't too loud in the morning
They want to come in my yard and house and I have dogs. They just have done this many times now trying to stop the led and I am so over it- No one is coming in my house again. \ Man.. Good luck with that. Sounds like it will be hard to fight them. But I hope it works out for you.
Got hit with a parking ticket the other day as the lady was writing it. I begged her to stop writing it in the middle of it... and wouldn't you know it, she did! So thankful. \ That is lucky!
Yeah, only would have saved me like $20, but still! It's the thought that counts. Some people have hearts out there. \ I'm happy you got to avoid that!
My coworker made a mistake and blamed it on me! \ Seriously? How? What was the mistake? Did you talk to him about it, or your boss?
He used my computer to put in his notes for a ticket he messed up on so it was under my name and not his! \ That's sneaky... and hard to explain. I'm sorry you have to deal with that hard situation. What do you think you'll do about it?
Sitting next to my baby brother who's two-years-old, and he's just ripping farts. Really wish I didn't have to stay with my parents during the summer while college is out \ Wap you must be disgusted with the farting. were you mad? or are you used to this kind of situations?
Kind of used to it.Comes with the territory of being with a kid brother. How about you? Any siblings? \ Yes i do have 2 siblings, older brother and younger sister, but we dont fart in front of eachother, i love them!
So i just got home and all of my friends were there for a birthday party i have no clue! can you imagine my reaction? \ Yeah, of course I can! That sounds heartless. Maybe that shows you who your friends truly are, and you should maybe look elsewhere... Could be a wake-up call.
Well the party was for me, hahaha they really got me on that one! \ Oh, I misunderstood! I thought you meant you weren't invited to one that you later found out about. Hah! Then I guess the wake-up call is you have really good friends! So, you like surprise parties then? I never did.
Watched an old Tv show I watched as a kid--a cartoon. Reminded me of the time I used to spend with my brother after school, when there was nothing we had to care or worry about \ Sounds like the good old days seemed more relaxing and care free.
Yeah. It was the show Dragon Ball Z, some kids cartoon. We're not that close anymore, but I wish we could go back to those days for a moment, sometimes. \ Oh man! I grew up on that cartoon too!
I pirated a few games recently and I'm enjoying the hell out of them. I sort of feel guilty for not supporting the developers though. \ Yeah... that's a tough one. I've pirated stuff before. Kind of how it goes as a poor college student. Maybe when you get older you can pay for things appropriately.
Older? I'm thirty! But now I have kids and money is tight sometimes. I might still buy the guys soon. \ Hahaha... Good point. I understand. Some things are just more important, fair point. My fault on assuming your age.
My grandma gave me a stone and said it was my birthstone and I hold it very close to my heart now. \ What birthstone is it.
It is amethyst. \ What birthstone is it?
I love football, are you ready for the season? \ Yes, when does the season start?
August, Can't wait. \ That's exciting, who's your favorite team?
Saw my brother graduate college last month! Felt so happy for him finally achieving what he's worked hard for. Hope he gets a job soon, though \ That's awesome, the exact opposite is true for me. My little brother is just about to start his first year of college next month!
Ah, he'll be under a lot of stress. Hopefully you guys can maintain your relationship through it all, as college tends to sweep people away and take up all their attention. \ Yes, I hope so. Well, I hope your brother can put his degree to good use and make some moolah!
I've been pretty pissed off about the slow internet speeds lately. I think it's the weather?  \ Who knows.. I've dealt with slow internet all my life. Wish I could finally get a decent ISP.
I think it's time to get a new ISP! Any recommendations? \ Not really, especially since they vary sometimes by region. We should just move to Europe, I hear they have great internet there because they actually view it as important.
I have bad panic attacks about death after experiencing so much of it the past year \ I am so sorry to hear that. I assume lots of folks close to you have entered eternity lately?
Yes people and pets. Too soon. So it definitely makes you think everyone is going to die any minute and life is meaningless. \ sadly we all know that everyone and everything is going to die, but that is why we need to really live while we are able. Don't retreat. Embrace everyone who is close to you.
Even when life is tough and seems very unfair I have done my best to care for my family. \ Thats great of you. Life is VERY unfair but we can go at any minute, so cherish those you love!
It can be difficult. But I learned early on retaliating helps nothing. \ It doesn't help us no. But you must take care of yourself too- Take some time for yourself when being a caregiver ok!
Its not fun being reminded of things you've forgotten. \ What kinds of things are you talking about?
Owed money to my mother in law for something, $15, she reminded me in a less then nice way. \ That's not very fair, a kind reminder could've gone a long way.
I couldn't sleep last night at all, I kept hearing some weird bumping sounds that made me think someone was walking up and down my stairs but I live alone. \ Thats so scary, do you believe in ghosts?
I do and that's the first thing I thought it could be. \ Hope it's a friendly one at least.
I am off work for a month in the summer, but I today was my first day back, and it felt great to be back on a routine! \ Coming back to work could be good after a break.
A month is a great break to "get away from the daily grind" but believe me, at the end of week one you think oh, I have all the time in the world, and you aren't as productive. \ I understand
Yesterday, I took a flight. During the flight, I went to toilet and a woman came just after me. She kept knocking on the door repeatedly, aggressively and multiple times. \ Haha.  Makes it hard to take care of business, and you'd think she'd get the hint from the locked door!  I would have sat longer "just because."
She made me mad. She considering that normal. I told she should take a seat in first class so she could have a toilet for herself. \ Maybe her first class seat should be on the royal porcelain seat!
I just moved to a new city for work. I do not know anyone that lives here. \ You should put yourself out there and meet some new people.  Just start exploring the city and you are bound to meet others!
You're right I will do that eventually. That is a good way to change my situation rather than sulking around. \ It is.  It isn't healthy to be by yourself for too long.  Humans are social creatures!
This lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when I was shopping. I was appalled at what she did. \ Wow, no parent should ever abuse their children like that. Did you or anyone do anything?
I wanted to, but didn't know what my place would be in that scenario.  It was quite maddening and off putting.   \ Yea I totally understand where you're coming from. Hopefully someone nearby was able to call CPS or law enforcement.
I ordered pants online that I thought would fit, and they didn't!  \ Lol, what a bummer. What happened?
Apparently my legs grew and I didn't notice! I do workout four days a week.  \ Well there you go, at least you a got a positive out of a negative situation haha!
I was shocked to see how many hotdogs they were eating at one. This has to be a sin...and a gigantic waste of food. \ Where did this happen?
I think New York? I wasn't there personally but I saw it on TV. It was an eating contest but it was disgusting! \ Oh wow, yeah that sounds gross! I agree with the wasted food too. There are starving people all around the world!
MY favorite restaurant was closed today. \ Oh no, why were they closed?
I have no idea. I was really looking forward to a meal from there today. \ Im sorry, I know how much that stinks, like when you really really want Chickfila and its Sunday...
So I get bogus mail all the time including fake checks and all that jazz. Anyway, I thought one I got the other day was bogus too and left it on my counter. \ Why would you always get fake checks? That would drive me crazy.
Well its like work at home scams, and they want you to cash the check and send back a money order and then the check bounces leaving them with money and you in a bad situation. It actually wasn't bogus. It was a $500 settlement check from a lawsuit against my employer from 5 years ago! \ Well that was a surprise I bet.
I am afraid of airplanes. \ O really? Any specific reason for this fear?
I just do not being off the ground. \ Flying scares a lot of people but it's safer then driving over all.
I went to San Antonio the other day, was great to see that city. \ I have been there many times.
O really? What's your favorite thing there? \ I love going to the Spurs games.
I am so fortunate to have a good mother. \ I have to say that is a true blessing. I have a wonderful mother myself. Why do you say she is a good mom?
She always cleans and cooks for me and does my laundry. \ She sounds like a wonderful person.
I still can't believe I did that. My power had been off and I didn't even realize it. \ That isn't good.
I arrived at church just as everyone was leaving. Boy did I feel awkward \ Did anyone help you?
I was so happy when my son won his swim race. \ Oh really, congrats! yes when your kids acomplish something it is very happy for us parents!
Yes, he swam every day to get ready. \ Thats so cool, do you have any othe children or just one? when you have more they are very competitive
I just got back from my graduation! can you imagine after 5 years i graduated with the highest score of my college in the past 20 years!  \ Wow that is a long time ago.
Yes! i studied so hard, can you imagine how i feel? i cannot believe it! \ Yes, where did you go to college?
I play some competitive video games and I think I'm pretty good at one of them. \ I love to play Madden.
Do you play Madden often? \ Yes, every day.
I was apprehensive to get married. \ Do you regret it now that you are?
No, but I am still worried. \ Why are you worried still?
Some guy cut me off in traffic the other day and made me spill my coffee.  I was pretty upset. \ He couldve killed you!
I know!  I had to swerve to miss him and ended with coffee on my lap.  Luckily it was pretty cool by that point. \ I really hate bad drivers. 
I have been single for a while. I miss having aman around the house. \ I know that can be hard.  How long has it been since you've been out with someone?
2 years. I thought I missef my ex but wr talk often and I definitely don't want that headache lol \ Yeah, alot of times you just have to be reminded why you broke up.  I know there is someone out there for you, just stay positive and they will come your way!
So, last night, my devious little mutt of a dog Mimi pooped all over the kitchen.  \ That must of been no fun.
It was no fun indeed! I was extremely irked by her behavior - and the fact that I had to clean it up. She usually doesn't act like this. \ Hopefully she doesn't do it again.
I do not like ants. \ I'm not too fond of them myself. Why don't you like them?
I hate when they bite me. \ Yeah, especially fire ants. Those are nasty little buggers.
I had the latest night ever a few years back when I was in high school. I reviwed words all night but I aced that test. \ Sweet, was it a difficult test?
Yea the words were really long man. I don't miss those days at all. \ Yea, same, it's nice to be out of school. All that learning pays off though!
Man, doesn't it grind your gears when people make actual racist remarks? \ Yea that is the worst. I don't understand how it can comeout of here mouth
Yea, one time I met an Uncle who I hadn't seen since I was a kid. I always thought he was a cool guy, but the dude just spewed racist stuff the whole time. What's worse, is that they were comments about my family. \ I hope you just walked away dude. Nothing good can come of that. I bet you were furious.
My best friend died last month. \ Well, that escalated quickly. I'm hoping this is not real?
It is real unfortunately. \ :( That is messed up, did he/she show any warning signs before their passing? It's not your fault by the way.
I didn't a giant puddle in the aisle and I tripped on it. I was so humiliated... \ Did you hurt your self?
Just a minor bruise on my ankle but my ego was hurt even more as people laughed at me. \ That wasn't nice of them.
I got some bad news yesterday...my grandmother was admitted to the hospital for cancer. \ Sorry for the bad news.
Thanks for the condolences. They are telling me it isn't severe, so I have somewhat high hopes for her eventual recovery. \ I know she will make it.
I am ready for my wedding day. \ Congratulations! What are you doing to prepare for it?
We had to pick flowers and cake. \ That sounds like a lot of fun. What kind of cake did you select?
When I was going out to my car this morning, I was greeted by the disgusting sight of a dead possum. \ It probably stank a lot too.
Oh, you're telling me. It was REVOLTING. I was too afraid to move it, so I had to run it over with my car. Now it's all over my driveway. \ You probably should have moved with a shovel of something, instead of running over it
I am so annoyed at President Trump \ I am too! I am really not a fan on how he is handling relations with Russia. What makes him annoying to you?
You just mentioned.His relations with Putin.There is something fishy about it. \ I know right? Doesn't seem right. Especially with the whole Russian interference with the election.
I am reay for school to go back. \ Me too! These kids in this house are driving me crazy.  They need to get back on a schedule.
Yes, I am counting down the days. \ I think mine have two weeks left.
A few years back I got separate from my hunting party. I had to spend the night in the woods by myself. \ That must of been no fun.
It was way too quiet!  You could hear  everything. I hated being out there by myself. \ Did you have a flashlight?
I am so mad I couldn't go to Disneyland. \ Oh no. Ive only been once but it was great. What happened?
My flight got canceled and I couldn't get on another flight. \ That terrible. Were you able to get a refund?
My daughter is so silly. Sometimes its okay. Sometimes its annoying. \ How old is she?
13. She is the worst sometimes. \ Why not send her to summer camp?
I can not believe I lied to my mother. \ What was it about?
About why I needed to borrow money. \ What did you spend it on?
I finally saw that one scary movie my friends were talking about. I can't sleep without the lights on. \ What movie was it?
The Grudge. \ I have never seen it.
When I was pregnant, I thought so much about what my son would make me feel! \ I wish I could feel that feeling, (unfortunately, I am a man). What did you end up naming your son?
I named him George, men can have feelings of their sons too. Hopefully one day you will as well. \ I am greatly looking towards starting a family with my wife as well. George is such a nice name.
So, last week, I thought I lost my driver's license...it was a bad day. \ That would be scary! Can you imagine what the dmv is like? 
Oh, I have been to that awful place before. Fortunately, my neighbor returned it to me - I left it on top of my car before going to work. I was pretty thankful. \ That would be an amazing neighbor! I would be so worried!
I let Daisy my cat out the other evening and she didn't come back home. \ oh no. How long has she been gone.
two days. I live by a road , so I'm afraid she'll go in that direction. \ I hope not. My friends cat left for two weeks once. she came back hungry, but she was fine.
I've seen a lot of animals killed on the highways. Its so sad.  \ well I hope your cat returns safely.
thanks , nice chatting with you  \ you too
my apartment is terrible. \ Can you do any work to it. I know there are a lot ideas on pinterest to perk up a place.
We aren't supposed to, but I did anyway. Got to make the best out it. \ Keep on the lookout and talk to realtors. They usually hear of good places first
Hi, I have a co work always asking me questions about how to use her mobile. It is almost always the same questions. \ It must be so frustrating to have to answer the same thing over and over. Is she older?
Yes, she is. She is telling that all the cell phone that she has been using have deleting her contacts. \ My aunt does the same thing! I think what she is doing is accidentally deleting texts, and she doesn't understand how to check her contacts list. What do you think is happening with your co-worker?
I worked on my truck all weekend. Spent $215 on parts and a special tool. Still did not fix the miss in the engine. \ What is the problem with the engine?
It has a miss. Sometimes when you are driving it sputters and jerks and barely has any power. Other times it drives just fine. I have replaced so many things on it and nothing makes a difference for very long. \ Sorry to hear that. I hope you find what is the problem with the engine.
I am loyal to my wife. \ That is great. Everyone should be loyal to their spouse.
I will stay with her forever. \ Maybe you can renew your vows one day.
I saw the nastiest thing on tv. A guy at a sandwich and it was crawling with spiders. It made me sick. \ He must of been crazy.
Something was definitely wrong with him. \ Yes, id he do it for money?
I started a new job yesterday. I hope I perform well at it. \ Good luck with that. Do you found yourself confortable in your new job?
Eh, not really right now, but it was just the first day. I'm hoping that if I perform well, I will get promoted swiftly. \ I understand
About four years ago, my apartment was robbed. I discovered the state of my apartment. Everything turn over, any object that had some value was taken. I was totaly destroyed. \ Holy moly, that must've been a very depressing sight. Did the police end up finding the culprit?
The police were useless. They came once then I never heard from them again. \ I do hope nothing of value was stolen. I would be frantic if someone stole my family heirlooms.
A month ago, I was surprised by a visit by my parents for my birthday. They helped paint my house! \ The visit would be the best gift ever and the paint job a huge bonus.
I know, I haven't seen them for an eternity and the house looks awesome! I was so stunned that they came all the way down. \ How far did they have to travel?
Have you ever been hospitalized? It's not much fun. I had a mini stroke and was stuck there for a few days. \ I have - but not for anything that severe. Are you suffering any side effects of the stroke?
I am 99% me  The hardest part of the hospitalization was at the end of the day when my last visitor would go home. I am not good at being alone. \ Yup - I know that feeling. And it's always so hard falling asleep in those uncomfortable beds with an IV in your arm.
I am about to enter the workforce again soon. Hopefully \ What job are you going to get?
I haven't started looking yet. The kids are all going to be in school now and I can work outside the home though. \ What did you use to do for work?
President Trump annoys me. \ I think he annoys most people.
I just wish he didn't tweet. \ His tweets are rude and ill informed and he never apologizes for anything.
So, last night I was enjoying myself watching a movie. I ordered pizza and it didn't come on time. It was an hour late! \ I bet you were starving! Did they say why they were so late? 
Oh, they said they were over-saturated with orders, but come on! An hour is way too long. \ Did you get it free? I would be so annoyed!
I have a full time job that doesn't pay anything. \ That really sucks man. Are you planning on looking for a new one?
I love my job, it involves my five year old kid and my eighty year old grandma. \ Well, as long as you're doing something you enjoy, that's all that really matters.
I couldn't find my debit card all week and I've finally given up. I think I have to get it replaced. \ Aw man, I've been there before. Has anyone tried using it?
No, I kept track of the transaction on my mobile app. I'm pretty sure I lost it. \ That really sucks. Fortunate to hear that no one misused it though. They are typically pretty fast at sending you a new one.
I recently began my own online business. I'm hopeful that my dried starfish kiosk will take off soon. \ Wow, that sounds unique. What exactly do you sell?
I sell dried starfish that I find on the local beach! I figure there must be a niche for it somewhere, since I enjoy collecting them so much. \ Oh! Well duh, silly me. I thought it was food or something. Do you sell other things too?
My car was broken into last night. I lost my laptop, loose change I had in the cupholders, my GPS, and they yanked my radio set out. \ Did you call the police?
I did but they only took a report and that's about it. This is so upsetting. \ They will find who did it.
I am helping my father as he has gotten older. \ Is he unable to take care of himself now?
Yes, he can hardly walk now. \ How caring of you.
I went to the bowling alley yesterday all alone - my friends ditched me. \ That sucks, did you still have fun?
No, not really. I went anyway, because I wanted to have a good time. It was rather lonely. \ What did you bowl?
Hillary Clinton annoys me \ She annoys me as well! She seemed pretty fraudulent in the last election.
Yes, she should be in jail. \ Yes, especially for all those emails they found on her private server. Despicable.
I took my last final exam for the semester yesterday. I think I did smashing on it. \ That is awesome! What subject was it in?
It was statistics, which I find somewhat challenging. I studied my but of though and felt like I aced it. \ I sure hope that you did. Statistics is tough!
Man, my last partner put me through the ringer. There were so many trials and tribulations \ I hear that, my friend. It ain't exactly easy living with mine, but ya gotta do it for love.
Sometimes love just isn't enough though. \ It has to be enough - that's the whole reason why we seek out a soulmate. I do hope things get better.
Man, I really enjoy playing card games. I used to play in tournaments and compete, but that was a long time ago. \ I love card games also.
Nice, have you ever won any tournaments? \ Yes I have won a few poker tournaments.
I am sick that I send Obama money for his campaign. \ Oh man, why are you even still sending him money?
This wasn't recent this was 8 years ago. \ Ahhh, so you're upset at your past self? We all make mistakes, man, it's good. What we think is good for us sometimes turns out to not be, but hindsight is twenty twenty.
I know it seems late, but I'm 19 and I went on my first date only about one month ago.  \ How was it?
Beforehand I was really nervous that I was gonna mess it up and make things awkward. Contrary to that it really wasn't too bad! \ Thats great. Where did you go.
I am scared of how I will die. \ I worry about that too occasionally, but I just push it to the back of my mind like usual.
I hope mine isn't painful. \ I'm sure it won't be, most people die of old age around their friends and family in a peaceful way so just hope for that.
I hate the sight of someone throwing up. My nephew did that the other and day and man. \ That is so disgusting.  I hate seeing that!
Yea, he had eaten to much sugar and well, it didn't end well \ Sugar will do that to kids every time.  Just don't let them on a  roller coaster to make it even worse.
I went to traffic court the other day and was promised that I would get off with a warning, but I ended up with a $300 fine.  I was so mad! \ So much for them being up front for you. Man $300 for what thats a lot.
It was a ton.  I was going 5 over in a construction zone, but no one was around where I was.  So aggravating!  \ Yea construction zones are crazy, so often nooones there!
I have a table that is somewhat unsteady, I put my computer on there because I have no where else to put it.  \ Have you figured out what's the problem?
I have not, it seems to do ok except when my son puts his foot on there even though I tell him repeatedly not to do that! \ Sounds like maybe one of the legs on the table is bent? 
I placed a sports bet last Saturday. I knew I was going to be right and get paid out! \ That would be exciting! What do you plan to do with your winnings? 
Place even more bets!  \ That could lead to a gambling problem! I always run away with my winnings.
I almost got into a car accident yesterday. Have you ever been in one before? \ Yes, I hate that so much. The sound of screeching and crushing metal is traumatizing.
Even though I didn't hear any of that, I still felt pretty traumatized - my heart was beating so fast. Were you hurt in yours? \ Unfortunately, yes. I had to get a few staples in my head but my car was totaled...
I did my homework ahead of time. I knew I would not have any free time over the busy weekend. \ Smart move - it's always a swell idea to get ahead of work so that we can do the things we want to do in life.
I agree. I used to procrastinate a lot but I've learned that it's not a good habit. \ Yup, I used to procrastinate all the time, but I think I am getting better at doing things ahead of time. And it feels so much better to get trivial things out of the way.
I wish I could of said goodbye before my friend died. \ Aw man, that has to be rough. Were you guys really close?
Yes we had been friends since birth. \ That's even more saddening. Did you get to say somewhat of a goodbye to him at their funeral?
My dog peed all over the fresh, funky socks that I just purchased. \ Did you return the socks?
No, unfortunately the store wouldn't take them back. As punishment, I am forcing my dog to wear the socks.  \ That is mean.
I am so happy it is almost August. \ Me too but it is still one more month of heat coming but it also means September is on the way.
I am so happy it is almost August. \ Why do you say that?
I love the heat, the hotter the better. \ I don't like 100+ degree days myself!
I wish I had kept my Maxima instead of buying an SUV. \ I like driving closer to the ground.
Can you trade in the SUV? \ I could sure but I will be starting over on payments, I might look into it.
Then why would you buy can SUV? \ At the time it was a change and I like the ride of it, but I did not realize I would miss the sedan as much as I did.
I came home from work and step barefoot on one of my sons legos, i was so pissed! \ That sounds really painful!  You should pick them up.
Yes, i was so mad i always tell them to pick the toys up. \ They must not listen very well.
My 2 year old daughter keeps picking up random words lately. \ Yes? thats so cute, but you have to be carefull not to say bad words in fron of them
I know!  She said the f word! \ OMG, well it is a bad thing but now you can be more polite in front of them, and also when you are not with them!
I am so scared of waterbugs. \ What do you have against the ole waterbug?
They are bugs, huge, and they fly. One crawled over my foot at my grandmas house over the weekend. \ That is terrifying indeed! I hoped you swatted that beast with the biggest fly swatter available.
Tomorrow is a fine day for me - I start my new job. \ Congratulations. Are you excited?
I'm quite anxious, to be honest. Completely new experience, completely new people. Hopefully I'll fit in. \ You'll do fine. I look at new things as adventures. 
No one showed up for my birthday party. I was so alone and sad. \ That would be depressing, did you plan it yourself or did someone plan it for you?
Well, both sort of. I expected at least one person, ya know? Not a single soul to be found. \ Maybe if you post to social media, a bunch of random strangers will show up.
I went to a concert last weekend and saved the tickets. \ Are you keeping it as a souvenir?
I am, I plan to scrapbook it once I get the pictures back. \ Nice, I do that sometimes with movie tickets if it's a great movie that I enjoed a lot.
My son failed his physics exam yesterday.  \ Ouch, was it an unfair test or did he not study?
Naw, he's somewhat lazy like myself when I was a young lad, but still, it was rather disappointing. \ Yea, hope he can make it up the rest of the year.
My mother in law got to eat Qdoba today, one of my favorite places I haven't had in awhile \ Qdoba is the BOMB! Although, I think I prefer Chipotle slightly more.
No way. queso all the way! They don't have one near by but she was traveling and the airport up north did. \ Yeah, but Chipotle has queso now! But, yeah, it isn't as good as Qdoba queso. 
Last night was trash night and I forgot to take out the rank kitchen trash. \ Ewww, throw that away ASAP.
Well, I would love to, but I lost my can last night in the storm. I feel so bad, because my wife can't stand the smell. \ Throw it in your neighbor's trash can. I'm sure they would understand?
I was so hungry and broke. My mother loaned me some money for food and I am VERY thankful. \ What a nice gesture! What did you get to eat after not eating for so long?
I got a juicy triple stack cheeseburger and some fries from a local mom n pop store. It was delicious!!! \ What kind of toppings did it have on it?
I haven't been able to talk to my girlfriend in a few days and it's making me quite sad. \ Where is she?
She's in the same city as me, but she's going through a hard time and has decided to seclude herself so I can't reach her. \ Just give her space.
I love hockey, are you ready for the season? \ I am, I like the Oilers, who's your favorite team?
I love the Leafs. \ Nice, I hope they do well this season.
We recently went camping.  Everyone definitely gets closer in such close quarters! \ I've been camping a few times - the proximity to others makes me feel stuffy too. Where do you usually go?
We went by a lake.  I accidentally opened the bathroom door with someone in it! \ Oh wow! I bet the person inside would've pooped his pants, but there was probably none left!
Today, I ran over some roadkill on my way home from work. It was rather disgusting. \ Oh no! What was it?
It was a dead possum. It was in one piece before I ran it over...but I didn't see anything behind me when I passed it. My tires must've grinded that poor little guy into smithereens.  \ Yikes! I hope you didn't have any car damage.
oh man I fell down a flight of stairs at the LSU game last weekend. I was mortified because everyone laughed. \ I hate it when people laugh at me, it's so humiliating!
Its the worst. I didn't want to come out of the bathroom afterwards. \ Oh god, that's the worst part. The shame afterwards....
I always let drivers perpendicular to me cut in when there is a line behind me. Show some love, right? \ Yea man, that's good karma!
Free karma in my eyes plus I always try to imagine if I was them. I would be so happy if a stranger let me cut in! \ Me too. Its always the worst when you are trying to get into the carpool line.
I am happy I can retire. I worked for 40 years \ That's awesome. I hope ro retire one day.
I am happy I can retire. I worked for 40 years. \ What are you going to do now?
I haven't even started my new diet. \ What diet do you want to do?
It's something a family told me about. Small portions of healthy food and exercise. \ Make sure you drink water also.
I went to an EDM concert that had artists that I used to listen to. It was a blast from the past! \ I have never heard of an EDM, what is that?
Electronic Dance Music. It's where all the hipster millennials gather to party and listen to trippy music haha \ Lol- sounds like fun! Nothing better than nice hippies!
I felt very proud of my mom when she put herself aside to be a caregiver for others. \ What does a caregiver do?
They take care of others. Its like being a nurse to others in ways they need but in your own home \ Oh, I see. Your mom is an angel!
This Spring has really made me appreciate family. \ What happened?? Did you guys went camping or something?
My grandmother fell ill, and passed away. \ Ho, I am sorry to hear that.
I miss my father so much \ What happened to him?
He died a year ago and I still miss him.We were really closed. \ So sorry to hear that.  I hope that the pain fades with time.
I had been hoping and praying to get my teeth fixed for as long as I can remember. I thought I had saved up enough money but it turns out it's going to cost way more than I had hoped. \ Oh what a disapointment, well you can keep saving, does it hurts too much?
That's where I am fortunate, I'm in no pain. It's more cosmetic than anything else so I guess I shouldn't be so disappointed over it.  \ Oh ok i get it, well you just will have to save longer, thanks God its painless!
Yesterday i watch on tv a kid who could speak 4 different languages at age 3, i was in shook! \ Wow! How is that even possible?
Well they are called wonder kids! i was in wonder, i also read about one who just graduated from college at age 11 \ I wonder if they ever feel like they don't get a childhood?
My dog died last week. I've been so depressed without her. \ I am sorry to hear that.
Thank you, she was pretty old so our family sort of expected it but she left so quick.  \ I hope you had fun with her.
I do not like watching horror movies. \ Same, I need someone else to watch horror movies with me.
I do not waste my time on that. \ Hahaha, you are very adamant I see.
I was at home waiting patiently because my boyfriend said he had gotten something for  me. He came home with a small puppy and a bouquet of flowers and I was not expecting that! \ That is so sweet. I want a puppy. and a boyfriend.
oh it's pretty alright we broke up but it was such a nice treat! \ Why did you break up?
I dislike customer service agents with bad attitudes. \ oh I do too, they must have been having a bad day
I dont care. Customer service is your only job. \ yeah I guess so what did they do to you?
I saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. The smell still haunts me... \ Oh lord, you might make me vomit right now!
My bad! But I can't get that picture out of my head. The yellow juice was so powerful and the smell was even worse!!!! \ You totally aren't sorry. You are being super gross! lol. TMI
I thought I would be homeless once and I was having a major panic attack. I was minutes from being homeless. \ That sucks. I've been nearly broke too several times but thank god for family, right?
For sure. I did not have any family down there though. I begged and had enough to not be homeless. It was a miracle.  \ What happened if you don't mind me asking?
I got a notification on my phone that I had a package delivered and went to look for it \ Too late I already took it. Just kidding, did you find it?
I did, they left it sitting in the middle of the driveway so it could get run over! \ Oh, that's bad. Was there anything important in it?
Whenever I see Jeeps on the road, I get so envious! Such beautiful cars... \ They are really nice cars! Have you driven one?
No, but I've been in my friend's Jeep and it feels like you're in a tank haha. \ They are nice looking cars and I have heard are great to off road in!
I think I have some pretty decent kids. May be too soon to tell though. \ Oh, all kids are a little iffy, I think. Are you a teacher or do you mean your own children?
My oldest is 13. She is the worst. But my 2 and 3 year old are perfect lol \ Teenagers are awful! I am really looking forward to my daughter becoming a teenager....not.
lol. she is upset about everything all of time. I couldnt have been that way lol \ My mom put "the curse" on me. She said she hopes my daughter acted 10 times worse than I did. If that's the case, I need to start saving for boarding school, because I was awful!
That's hilarious. Maybe II was terrible too then. \ Good luck!
My transmission went out in my car at the worst possible time. No way could I afford to get it replaced or rebuilt. My dad was able to loan me $500 to get the new transmission, and my step dad was able to put it in. \ So is it working now? I need atransmission for an old volvo. I'm saving for a new car instead.
It's still a work in progress, but we tested the transmission before we put it in. It works wonderfully and came out of a car that only has 90,000 miles on it, versus mine that has 200,000. I would like to get a new car, but I don't want to take on another payment until my house is paid off. \ Makes sense. I don't want any more bills until my kids are in school. Daycare is very expensive.
Yes it is! Especially for two! \ of course the 13 year old hates to babysit. I can't wait until she moves out. jk
Of course she does! Lol that's hilarious, but I know how hard teenagers are so it's kind of almost serious too.  \ This was the most fun chat Ive had today. Enjoy yur day!
Can you believe that for the third time in the past two weeks my lunch has been stolen at work. I am so heated right now. \ That's not cool. Did you put your name on it?
Yes and dated it. I have been trying to save money and eat healthy but every time it is stolen I have to go out and buy lunch. I swear I am going to go off if it happens again. \ I'm so sorry that happened to you, better luck next time.
I wet my pants in class today. I wish I could have gone home early. \ Oh no. Why do you think that happened? 
I started drinking a gallon of water everyday. I couldn't hold it anymore. \ Maybe you should slow down and only drink a bit at a time. 
I miss being a kid. Those were the good old days. \ I feel you on that, man. I get nostalgic all the time. What do you miss the most?
Not having to pay bills. That is the worst. \ Haha, yea, no one ever tells you how bad it really is. We get charged for every little thing.
Man, speaking of being a kid. You ever do something you thought was fun, but end up causing someone to get hurt? \ When I was younger, but yes
I used to enjoy slap boxing in middle school, but I stopped because one time my friend was backing up to block my attacks, and there was a girl lying down behind him. He didn't know and ended up stepping on her face; she started crying and I just felt terrible about it. \ Was she okay? Couldnt have been that bad
She was, but still, we were kids, it had to have hurt. Anyway, thanks for listening, man! \ Woman lol
When I was at the store today someone always tries to cut me off and step around me so they are in my personal space and even hitting/shoving me to reach items. Versus asking me. \ Yeah, I hate that. Sometimes people will leave their carts right in the middle, blocking everyone while they walk off grabbing what they need. So annoying.
Oh thats strange. I haven't seen that. I just don't like it when people have no couth and don't even say 'sorry" or excuse me- Especially when they are touching me. geez! \ I guess they have never heard of a personal bubble.
I am excited for the upcoming UFC event this weekend, I already ordered the PPV and am so ready! \ I am not someone who likes that but I
Yeah, it's a love it or hate it type of sport. To each his own I guess. \ I'm sorry it submitted early. But I'd love to hear why it excites you?
The realness of it. Nothing is more instinctual in our DNA than fighting! \ true! Thank you- It is very real
Last week I got a flat tire on my way to work. \ Ouch, did it make you late to work?
I was on time! Luckily, someone stopped and helped me change the tire. \ That's great to know there are still good people in this world.
My husband is quite impressive to me. \ Sounds like you are lucky.
Yea, he's become the best manager in his market in just 3 years. \ That is great!
This afternoon i went to my sons soccer game and he scored three goals! happiest dad ever! \ I figure your son is pretty happy as well.
Yes! i love him so dad, but i feel like my own achievement since i teach him how to play, he dedicated the three goals to me! \ couldn't ask for a better day
My son and wife are coming for a visit. Been a long time since I have seen them \ Wao thats so cool you must so excited, how long has it been?
about a year. I am on the east coast and they moved out west \ Wao it must be very difficult to be separated from your wife and son, sorry
I went to a hockey game with my five year old son earlier this year. I had to bring lots of supplies! \ Oh yeah? Do you have to do that every game?
When I have my son with us I do! My husband was shocked when he said he wanted his blanket and I pulled one out of my purse! \ Thats funny. Well at least it sounds like you are always prepared. 
So last week when I was visiting my parents I took ride past my old high school. That brought back so many good memories.  \ I bet! Could you see yourself walking around?
Well, the entrance looked like it was added on to but the football stadium was the exact same. \ I bet that brought back a lot of memories! 
I will always cheer for the New York Jets. \ Why? Are you from New York?
Yes. Born and raised. \ Nice, do you play football too?
I was in awe of the skills of my teammate. He is true gamer indeed. \ What kind of gamer?
Video games. \ I love video games. 
So this guy was hanging out of a parking lot in traffic while we had a green light- No he wouldn't back up his car or GO- When we beeped at him to back up- he had the nerve to yell derogatory things and beep back as if he was doing nothing wrong \ That was very mean of him.
Well he tried to cut everyone off and it's just wreckless. So many people die. I really hate it when bad drivers think they are not lol \ Did you call the police?
I know my father will always have my back. \ That is great! Always nice to see a good dad for once
Yes, he always is there for me. \ Can you give me an example?
I can't believe how great the Braves are playing. \ What's the Braves?
The Atlanta Braves. The pro baseball team in Atlanta. \ Okay cool, I'm not that big into sports. 
I walked across the stage at graduation. All of my family and friends were there. \ They must of been so proud.
I had three bouquets of flowers waiting for me. I was shocked. \ Who gave them to you?
My mom and my grandparents. \ Who got them for you?
I have been married for ten years. Since we aren't swingers, I'm a one man kinda lady. \ That's cool. I am not a swinger either.
Staying with the same guy day in and day out over a long period of time can be tough. \ How did you do it?
I am ready for the last day of work. \ Are you quitting your job?
No I am retiring. \ That will be a nice change of pace! Do you have plans for retirement? 
Had HELLP syndrom with first child. Spent all 9 months being pregnant with 2nd child worrying about the same thing happening. \ What is HELLP? I'm sorry you and your baby had to go through that.
It's basically when eclampsia has progressed to the point that your blood won't clot and your organs start shutting down. \ That's terrible. There are so many things to be afraid of when you're pregnant!
MY car has been down for about a month. Every time I leave the house I see all brand new cars. \ I absolutely hate car issues.  Will you be getting it fixed or buying another one?
I'm saving for a new one. I didn't even have it a year.  \ Did it have any warranty when you bought it?
I really hate when my kids just throw their dishes in the sink and don't rinse them off. \ I hate that too. Have you ever noticed that's what they do in movies?
Yes, it is so hard to get the food off when they do that. \ I have seen them leave whole foods in movies. gross
Do you think there will ever be peace in the world. \ I wish there would be, but I very much doubt that there will.
I want it to be better for my kids though. All kids really  \ I do to, but there are so many unhappy people in the world and they seem to think they have to make everyone else around them unhappy.
I am so ready for the first Monday Night Football game. \ Oh nice, I don't really watch football.
I love it, I watch it every Monday. \ I haven't really watched it on TV but my family watches it sometimes.
I drew an art piece once and it got torn after I put a lot of work into it. \ Did you fix it?
I had to restart, it was torn beyond repair. \ How many hours did you put into it.
After a full year of trying to get a leak fixed, I got help from a neighbor's roofer, who "knew a guy."  He said the guy didn't work on roofs, so I was confused! \ That makes no sense.
Exactly!  The roofer told me that since I replaced my roof and the leak was still there, the problem had to be my fireplace chimney.  He said stone chimneys often develop leaks.  As it turns out, this chimney guy fabricates a type of gutter for chimneys to keep the water from running down the rock.  For $300 he made and installed the "gutter" on site, and I have had NO leaks! \ That seems like a good price.
I wish I was a musician. \ I sadly have no musical skill.  Do you think you will ever become a musician?
No, I have no music skills either. \ What part of being a musician appeals to you?
I often feel a lot of anxiety about making enough money and saving up enough money in case anything happens. And many things usually do happen. i almost panic at times with worry \ Life can be tough sometimes. It almost seems like you spend more time preparing for the unexpected than living life in the present. It's cruel sometimes
That can be true I guess! But you do have to save up because at least in my life- those things happen a lot. Hope for the best, prepare for the worst>? Yes I try to live everyday happy even during work :) \ It's always good to have happiness even in times of worry and panic. So, I'm glad you still have some optimism!
My former 'friend' took my car for a day or two without even telling me! \ Wow! Did you report him to the police?
Well, I reported the missing car and, by extension, him I suppose since they found him in it. I'm still decising how far I want to go on it...but it was so unexpected \ Sounds like that person has boundary issues. My ex's brother did that bother and I quickly nipped that behavior in the bud. Good on you for stopping that. Is he in too drugs or something or just entitled?
I can not believe Prince died. \ Omg. I was devastated I grew up listening to him.
I loved his movie, Purple Rain. \ I loved his song Starfish & Coffee when I was little.
There is a raffle at my church on Sunday. \ What can you win?
Its for a 75 inch Samsung TV. I want it so bad. \ How much is a ticket?
I was so upset when Michael Jackson died. \ It was really sad. He was a really good artist.
Yes, I saw him in concert once. \ That would be awesome. I bet it was a really great concert.
My son should have graduated from high school in 2017, but he didn't. \ Why did he not graduate?
He just didn't have the motivation to do what was needed. He did finally graduate this year though. \ Did he go to college?
I have a huge presentation at work this week. I have never done this before and I am not sure if I am prepared yet. \ Oh no, well I'm sure you'll do okay if you just prepare really thoroughly. 
I still have a few days to prepare. It will be in front of a new potential client. I really hope it goes well. \ I hope so too, good luck!
My son spilled water on my laptop. I was so upset, because I lost all of the photos I had stored on it.  \ Thats a bummer. Maybe you can take it to a repair shop.
I can \ Im sure they can figure something out. They might be able to remove the harddrive to recover the photos.
My dog is missing! She has been gone for almost a week. \ Oh my god! Have you posted everywhere and checked shelters?
Yes we have. I feel so bad. We have only had her for a few months. She was a rescue dog. \ Oh no! Did she have a microchip?
Someone I live with is mentally disabled and doesn't know how to say no...so sometimes weird men come and talk to him and they swear..and smoke on my property and throw their buts on trash my property and it makes me very angry \ That must be so frustrating.
It is such a lack of respect to go on anyone's property and behave that way. \ Yes it is. I would be furious!
My grandmother passed away last thanksgiving. It is tought without her. \ Im very sorry to hear that. hopefully it will get better with time.
It will. She was an awesome lady. \ Im sure she is in a better place. Looking down on you.
My one year evaluation at work is coming up next month. If I score well I may get a promotion. \ I hope you do well. What do you think?
I think it will go well. My boss has been giving me really positive feedback lately. \ Does the job come with more pay?
It does. I really hope I get it. \ Good luck to you!
I have people who litter on my property constantly and throw their beer bottles and food trash- Not just kids..but older men. Drives me nuts \ Do you ever try to call the police?
We are in a town where police do not even come for gun shots. They definitely would not come for that lol \ Well do you try to catch them lol? Thats insane We have a dog poop problem at my apartments
I am setting up a camera soon but no I have never caught them. I just see teens and men walking a lot. Clearly men would have the beer lol. If I caught them I would shoot them with a paintball gun. \ I would just throw the bottles back at them
I really hate when I do work at work and I see non of my coworkers working. \ Oh yes, I bet the bosses love them too right? That happens a lot. Very unfair
Yes the bosses love them. They get all the praise. \ Oh geez- work on your side hustle and get out of there. I did a long time ago. Hate those jobs!
I am always alone in the summer. \ Why are you alone so much in the summer?
My wife goes to Canada to visit her mom. \ Do you have friends around? Go to a bar and meet some friends!
I was very angry when a co worker lied about a car accident to get out of working July 4th. I covered his shift till midnight and he was lying about the accident \ That isn't very nice.
Yeah he got caught in someones pics on Facebook. Never lie and then go out with people who like to take pictures. \ Yes. I do not have a Facebook.
Im so happy my children were born healthy. \ You are very lucky. I have 4 children and I have been lucky also to have healthy children.
That's good. I can't imagine what some parents have to go through. No child deserves to be sick. \ I know what you mean. I am always so sad when I see all of these sick children on tv.
Hopefully we can cure some of these things so no child has to go through it. \ I would be so happy if they could find a cure for cancer.
My daughter is such a hard worker. She goes to high school and works full time. \ Wow. Can she handle all of that?
She is doing great. She also makes really good grades and is on the National Honor Society. \ Thats awesome. She will do great in college.
I was so excited and happy after my wood glue and toothpick trick worked, and it held the screw! \ That sounds awesome!
Yes it was, and so far the screw is holding up. :-) \ I'm glad that worked out for you, it could have gone in a completely different way.
Absolutely, my first two attempts did not work so well so this was a super pleasant surprise! \ Yay you! I hope your next project turns out just as good.
My mom said I had to get rid of our family dog because she was allergic. I cried for a week it was unbearable, I resented her. \ Oh no that is so sad to hear! I have one dog and two cats, so I totally understand what you are going through...
My dog's name was Cookie. \ Aww what a cute name. Hopefully you an your Mom made up, and maybe you got/can get another pet.
I'm sooo upset with my mom. I don't think at this point I can forgive her. \ Oh no! I know it stinks but maybe one day you can forgive her- I hope...
I was late for work the other day because of my husband! \ Oh no, I hope it was for a good reason
Nope! He accidentally took my car keys with him to work and when I called him to ask, he said he had an important meeting and could not bring them right away. \ Oh man! It's hard when those accidents happen.
I am trying out a new Fodmaps diet because of all my health issues and I am excited about it! \ That's great! I hope it goes well for you!
Me too! I have tried everything else. \ Good luck!
So I got all the way to the gym the other day and realized I did not pack my gym shoes. I had to drive home in rush hour to go get them. I was ticked. \ Dang, I would have been so upset too. 
I would have just stayed home but I was meeting friends after on the same side of town. I had to cut my workout short. Not ideal. \ It would have sucked more if it was raining. Hopefully you have some good vibes come your way.
I just broke up with my boyfriend of 8 years. I am beyond distraught. \ I bet. You guys were together for so long. Is this for the best?
I hope so. I wish he would have broken up with me sooner.  \ Well I am sorry to hear that. If you need anyone to talk to let me know.
i had good vibes all through out my final day in college i was so ready to graduate \ was? that almost makes it sound like you didnt graduate or something went wrong, did you graduate?
yes lol i did graduate just thinking in past tense. did you go to college \ Nope, unfortunately not, i was hoping to at one point but it never worked out. What did you study? 
what was major were you interested in ? I went for business management  \ medicine and/or nursing, initially also liked psychiatry but then realised that its history is full of abuse and horror, some of which still is ongoing so i didnt want to participate in that. What can one use a business management degree for? Do you literally become a manager in some business or how does that work?
its so hot here. i've had to shower like 3-4 times a day cause you start sweating anyway and it feels icky. Hows the temperature at your place? \ right now it's freezing in my home lol I just got out of bed after 30 mins of sitting because it's coold
what? where the hell do you live? what do you mean its freezing? oh my god i am so jealous \ haha i live in virginia where right now the temperture outside is muggy 85 degress just regular ac pumping in my home
ooooh you have an AC, thats why. I live in europe and AC's...arent a thing at all, only the occasional pharmacy will have an AC \ aw man that must suck how do you huys keep cool through the summer
I applied for a job online and I didn't get approved. \ Oh no, Im so sorry! They probably already filled the position and it didnt have to do with you personally!
You know, I didn't think about that. You have a good point. \ Yeah! People tend to be lazy and not take down the posting once they have filled the position and the automated emails will send a canned response instead. 
Since last year hurricane Irma hit my area pretty hard. Before the peak of hurricane season this year I have already gotten extra tanks for my grill, a small generator and a weather radio just in case. \ Sorry to hear that. Did you have trouble getting the extra precautions?
Last year, yes it was too late, there was no gas left in town or bottled water and certainly no generators when everyone was looking around a week before it hit here. I wont find myself in that predicament again! \ Well, I hope everything turns out okay for you.
Have you ever experienced a hurricane or natural disaster? \ i have
Which one? \ Irma last year
always wanted that tire but never had money to buy it , finally got it \ How much was it?
690$ for four \ Wow, that's a lot, what type of vehicle?
I saw the baby ducks again in the creek behind by house and luckily they are all still there. So cute. \ how many of them were tehre
12, so cute to watch the mother count them all the time to see if they are all still there. \ What color were they ?
i gave him $34 to get me the Angel Soft toiletpaper 2 huge packs and he used the money to change his oil in the car \ Well, transportation is very important.  take some old clothing and cut it up if you have to .
 I would not mind but my kids would \ Tissue is so expensive, it's unbelievable
I find queuing at the supermarket very frustrating \ I do as well, how long does it take you to do it?
Not really very long, but it's the other people who annoy me! \ that makes sense, but I guess everyone needs food!
I was angry when the Eagles lost the superbowl in 2004. I was young but I was still mad \ Yeah? Who were they playing against?
They were playing the Patriots, it was a very close game \ I think I remember watching it. How old were you then?
I get sentimental thinking about all the great times I had as a child on my street growing up \ It's a boon for everyone. Great life period is childhood.
Yeah, that is for sure, I had a lot of great times there, so many memories \ Yeah, whenever I miss my childhood I try to spend the time with the kids. So we can feel better.
The football fever ended finally. But I expect a win from Croatia. \ I know, but now we have another kind of football season coming up soon
Yeah, I just waiting for that curiously.  \ Me too, I am so excited, since the Eagles just won last year!
I was feeling really ambitious the other day and I decided to drive into the parking lot of my old elementary school just to see all the things I used to see years ago. \ Was it as you remembered it?
It was exactly the same! I was super surprised that no renovations were made, the same playground and buildings and everything. \ That is amazing that it was not torn down or remodeled.  They seem to throw way too many buildings away these days.
My sister in law basically lives off of my mother in law and her kids get everything. My mother in law rarely gives our kids anything because we have the money to do it ourselves - and I get a bit miffed at times. \ I know that feeling too, at least somewhat. Seems like clear favoritism to me, but maybe I'm wrong.
She always says "If I didn't buy it for them, they wouldn't have it".  But it's a bit ridiculous because my sister in law DOES have the money, she just refuses to raise her own children. \ That type of stuff always makes me so angry, since it's so clearly favoritism and hypocrisy and they just don't care one bit.
I've been unhappy with my work today. \ Why is that?
My tasks have been frustrating and tedious. \ That happens sometimes. Maybe you should take a break
We just got a new restaurant in the neighborhood. \ what kind of food do they serve?
I live in the south so it a soul food restaurant. \ I do too, TN, but I can't think of a soul food place here.
I live in Memphis. wow \ cookeville
MY son woke up at the crack of dawn this morning \ Its summer vacation. I hope you got enough sleep or it might be a long day for you.
He is so spoiled. He just couldnt lay in the bed with me. He had to roll around and pull my hair and things so I would get up too. He is 3 \ Oh ok I see. Im sure he will want a nap later. Hopefully that gives you time to recharge a little.
I cant stop thinking about my grandmother. She passed away recently and it hurts to think about. \ I'm sorry to hear that. I lost mine recently also.
Im sure it will get better with time. I used to see her everyday for lunch. I miss those times. \ That must be hard. 
I get sentimental thinking about the old days when I used to go play outside all the time with neighbors, those were such great days \ I know what you mean. It's not safe to send your kids out now.
That is true, but I just miss being a kid as well I guess \ I have to take my kids to parks outside of our neighborhood.
School is about to start back. I think I'm gonna miss having my kids at home \ I know that feeling, that is no fun, but at least they are learning!
Yep. I will be alone at home, but if I get them all on good schedules I will find a part time job. \ That is good, that is a nice way to make a bit of extra money!
I was doing a presentation for work, and tried to tell a story about something kind of related to break the ice.  No one laughed or even really cracked a smile, so it put me off for the rest of the presentation. \ That is no fun, you always hope that first one hits so they are more receptive the rest of the time
Yeah, and I really thought it was a decent story.  Nothing ground breaking, but at least should have gotten a chuckle. \ Well there is always next time!
I was sad when my grandmother passed away, that was not a good time in my life \ I'm sorry to hear that.  Did you spend a lot of time with her?
I did, we were very close, it really hit me hard \ That's terrible.  I hope she's at least at peace now.
I get nostalgic about the old Pokemon games, I loved playing them as a kid \ I never really got into pokemon.
No? May be too late now since you are older, but back then it was my life haha \ I tried to do the mobile game but I didn't get it lol
I got lucky and hit on a lotto scratcher. \ Oh really? How much did you win?
