my daughet made the volleyball team \ That's great!  Congrats to her!  I bet she worked hard.
yes, we both were on pin and needles \ I bet!  She's going to have so much fun
This year will be my very first time hosting Thanksgiving. \ really, that is awesome. you will have fun
I'm kinda of freaked out.  I really hope it goes well! \ start planning now
I was driving down the road and I almost hit a dog! I was so close. Really scary! \ I'm glad you didn't hit the dog!  Did he jump out at you suddenly?
Yes, he came out of nowhere and I slammed on my brakes. My tires skid across the road. \ I live out in a rural area where people don't always have control of their dogs.  Sometimes those little ankle-biting dogs will start chasing the car and they make a break for the car and it makes one really fearful that you'll hit them.
My son got picked to be on the soccer team that he was on last year! \ Yay!! That is great news! He must be so happy he made it!
He is!  Especially since last year's team won the Opening Day Tournament and then won the Regular Season title! \ Wow! What a great team to be on!
my kids made it back from summer break \ That is so nice to hear! You have a full house again! Did they have a good time?
yes they had a good time and the house is back to being crazy.. i love it \ Oh yeah! I hear you! A house full of kids is always crazy. Haha
I finished all the ice cream when I was told to leave some for others. I was just so hungry! \ lol, guess you were pretty hungry
Yeah, now I am scared somebody will find out. I better go buy some more before anyone gets home. Haha \ yeah, might wanna go replace it
At night while I was camping I saw a mountain lion! It freaked me out! \ i would have passed out!
It was scary! It was pretty tall and I was a lot younger at the time. I ran to the tent. \ i would have ran to my car! and hauled butt
i ate all of the ice cream today, i feel bad \ Why? How much did you eat?
a half a gallon \ Wow! Was it good, anyways? Maybe you could buy more?
I was waiting on my best friend to come over so we could watch a movie but she did not show up. \ I'm sorry. I now that must have been a let down. Can you guys reschedule?
I tried to reschedule but somehow it did not work out. I felt bad. \ I bet you did. Hopefully you can do something with her soon.
I am still trying, hopefully we will get together soon. \ I'm crossing my fingers for you.
The other day, my three year old didn't know I was paying attention to her while she was playing with the dog. I overheard her trying to teach the dog how to count to ten. \ That is amazing. She is a very smart girl.
Yes, I thought that was pretty good for a three year old. When I asked her about it she said they were playing school. Haha. \ You must be proud of her. That is a lucky dog, a bark for each count. Haha.
I'm very proud of her. \ Indeed you are I am proud of her as well.
I'm getting ready to meet my final exams. \ when are they?
In this week, 3 days to go. \ good luck
I was happy when I found my dog \ oh, did you lose it somewhere?
he got outside the gate \ Good you got it back.
So a few weeks ago a tire on my car blew while i was driving it on the highway. \ Oh no! What happened? Did you get into an accident?
Thankfully no, I was able to control it until I got it off the road to the side.  \ That has happened to me before too. The car started swaying side to side from the rear tires but I just took my foot off the gas and let the car do what it wanted until I was able to stop. So scary! I know how you feel.
I am the happiest in my life when I am at the ocean. There is just something so special about nature at the ocean for me. \ That sounds amazing. What's your favorite beach to go to?
I don't really have a favorite. They are all my favorite! But I prefer the beaches that have perfect soft sand with no rocks or anything. Like a huge swimming pool!  \ Those are the best. Especially the white sand crystal clear water beaches.
my sis ate all of my snacks yesterday \ Oh, no! I bet you were mad! Was she very sorry?
no, she wasnt sorry, shes never sorry \ Siblings! You love them but sometimes they can be such a pain!
Our little dog got out of the yard and got hit by a car... \ sorry to hear that
We were so sad! Just like losing one of the kids...not quite but still so sad... \ yeah, i love my little fur baby too, thats really makes me sad to hear that
I bought a 50-50 raffle ticket last night at the fair. \ That is daring! I do hope that you will win. What are the prizes?
There is only one winner, and the prize is half of all the money earned through sales of all of the 50-50 tickets. \ Okay well. I wish you all the best of luck.
I was driving and I saw a man hitting a dog. It got me so mad. \ Oh no! That is horrible! Did you do anything?
I stopped, got out of my car and told him to stop. I then called the police.  \ Good for you! Animals need people like you! Very heroic! 
my dog got out of the gate and got hit by a car \ Oh yikes! Is your dog ok?
no, he passed from the injury \ Awwww, I am sorry to hear that. That is a terrible thing to experience. I hope that you are ok.
I saw Dubai from the airplane one day. I never went into the city, but wow, it was a sight to see! \ i sure it was beautiful
It looked like another planet or something. Very sci-fi. Almost scary actually. \ really, i wouldve never thought that. i have a friend who is in Dubai on a teaching assignment
When my father died, I thought me and my mom were alone. \ I am so sorry to hear about that, treasure the memories that you have about your dad.
I do, but even more so being proven wrong by all these amazing people who helped us along the way. \ It is such a good thing to have to have people around who helps.
I wouldn't be where I am without strong support! \ I am happy for you and hopefully things will get better.
I opened my patio door and saw a big rat. I was so frightened. \ Oh no! What did you do about it?
I was so scared I ran and called my spouse to help. \ I can understand that, Hope he was able to take care of it for you.
i los left my purse in the restroom at the local store, its gone \ Aw, that is terrible. Hopefully you did not have much money inside. I guess the worst part is all the cards that have to be replaced. So sorry to hear this. :(
thanks, no ididnt have much money in it, had credit cards and my DL and SS card \ Ouch! You know that you can replace all those cards online now. A bit easier than it used to be.
I found out that my neighbors eat turtle meat. How gross!!! \ yuck, how gross!!
Yeah, who does that? I have three pet turtles so I better keep a good watch on them. lol \ lol right, they could easily be your neighbors dinner
I get so tired of seeing half naked women aka the Kardashians all over the tv and internet. \ i agree with you on that one it can be very frustrating seeing that all the time
I don't understand how they are building women up by flaunting themselves and heavily editing their pics... \ Yeah i agree 100 percent.  Its not a good look to make someone look perfect when in reality nobody's perfect
I felt very sad recently when i found out that my mother has cancer  \ Oh my gosh, I am so sorry for your family.
Thank you .  Shes a fighter i hope she can push through  \ I'm sure she can with all the technology and modern medicine now. She's got this!!
I babysat and worked odd jobs all summer when i was younger to save up and buy a sega dreamcast. \ Oh god I miss my dreamcast, I bet you were so happy when you got it.
Yep, i've never looked forward to something so much in my life. I still have the dreamcast as well.  \ That's great I have pretty much all of the ones I had in my childhood, even the Atari.
I just moved across country with my girlfriend. \ That's a big change, adjusting well?
I thought i would hate it and be miserable, but actually yea, I am loving it here. So beautiful. \ Nice, sometimes a change of scenery is good. I need to move out of this crap state. 
What state is that? Bound to be better than TN was for me. \ haha I live in TN
wow! I lived in Hermitage. \ Nice, i have friends there, i live in lavergne.
my daughter past her drivers test \ That is great news!! ...... but a little scary at the same time. lol
really scary. \ Well you have to let them spread their wings at some point. :)
I don't have many friends and my family lives very far away. I sometimes feel very sad. \ why do you live so far from family
It is just where I ended up in life. You know one thing leads to another and your living a whole knew life. \ i would like a new life. i totally understand
I'm gonna need your support here, because I'm going through something a little bit rough, okay? \ Anything you need!! I'm here for you!
I'm 29 years old and I woke up to find that I'd wet the bed last night. I'm...not even sure how. I didn't drink a whole lot before bed or anything. \ Don't sweat it, it happened to me in my mid 20's also. Couldn't even tell ya how or why, just that it did.
Should I see a therapist or anything? Is this indicative of some deep-seated problem that I'm not aware of? \ LOL I don't think so. I think you'll be fine, maybe you were just extra tired.
So I have been worried about my hubs working out of state so much. But he is always calling and texting me while he's gone. \ Well that's a good sign. He knows you probably miss him and he wants you to know he's thinking aboutcha.
Yeah I think I'm just paranoid, he's never done anything to hurt me in any way. \ Honestly, worrying about that kind of thing is human. Literally everyone does it to some degree if they care about the other person, no matter how secure they say they are. So you're in good company!
I was a little upset when I didnt get to leave work early \ Ah, that is no good! Why didn't you get to leave early?
work kept piling up and couldnt leave \ I know what that is like! I hate being an adult sometimes!
I recently got promoted at my job. It was something I had been trying to obtain for a long time. \ wow congrats, how long have you worked there?
6 years! I definitely feel I deserved it! \ thats cool
I bought a 50-50 raffle ticket at the fair a few nights ago. \ Oh, have they done the draw for that yet?
Yes, and my number was one away from the winning number! \ Oh, you would have been so excited and then disappointed! I'm sorry!
I am so excited to get my dog DNA test back. I can hardly wait! \ Oh wow, I've never heard of a dog DNA test before. What is it?
It's a DNA test that tells what breed(s) a dog is. We got it from an online advertisement so we don't really know what he is. \ That is so cool! Is it expensive to do?
Oh yes, he is going to be really mad. He loves his car, it's like his baby. \ I bet he does. 
I want to tell him about it but I don't know how. \ Just sit him down and tell him.
I will try, I am afraid. \ Don't be afraid! You are smart. You are strong. You've had enough.
Thank you, I will muster some courage. \ Good luck!
I'm so afraid about my sister's illness. What will we do? \ That is gross. Did you find out who left it there?
Left what? \ The old tuna sandwich.
Oh. No, nobody yet. \ Well hopefully you threw it out.
but it seems so yummy! \ Maybe it tasted good as well.
i dont have to cook tonight \ Oh that's awesome, how come?
my hubby is taking the family out \ I hope you enjoy it! Where are you going ?
i dont really know yet, i dont even care..lol \ Amen to that, food is better when you don't cook it.
I once on my first day of the job as manager slipped and fell in front of my coworkers. \ omg, did you hurt yourself bad
Only my pride haha. I turned super red, but it turned out to be a good ice breaker. \ lol, i could imagine it to break the ice on your first day, you will always remember that day
I sure will, and it's used to make fun of me constantly. \ lol, too funny
One time when i was little i threw a rock at a glass door and broke it and then blamed it on my brother. \ I'm pretty sure I've done something similar to that about a hundred times in my life, so don't feel bad, lol. He would probably laugh about it now if you told him.
haha he remembers it. He has totally gotten me back throughout the years, though. \ What are brothers for, am I right? The absolute best response to something like that at least between siblings is just to get that sweet payback.
My Uncle Jebodiah is always looking out for me. He recently told me that he had a special concoction that if I drank it, it would cure my herpes. \ Lol! I don't think i would trust that concoction if i were you.
Listen, my Uncle Jeb wouldn't do me dirty like that. You may call it """snake oil""" but I call it the miracle cure this world needs. After all, it worked. \ Well then. Kudos to uncle Jeb!
my friend told me a secret \ Was it a good one? Did you keep it?
yes, i did keep it. im holding it for a couple more days. \ Is someone getting married, or a baby?
lol, its one of the them  \ Well tell them I said Congrats on whatever it is. As long as it's not a baby marriage.
lol.. i will this weekend. i never hold secrets. im doing a great job \ Keep it secret, Keep it safe....
Man on the months before my move across country, Time seemed to go so slow. \ cross country, thats awesome
It was, It was all I could think about, now I am here and It was worth the wait. \ im sure it is, this is when you put all your hard work into play
Always go for the goal! \ yep, keep your eye on the prize
My cat was kept overnight at the vets recently. I was so worried! \ I am so sorry to hear. I have a cat that I love very much. How is the cat doing now?
She's fine now! They found out it was something minor after x-rays. I was so relieved. \ I am glad that she is much better.
I got a brand new car from my dad, it is an expensive car and I love it. \ Wow, how amazing of your dad! We're you surprised? 
I was indeed surprised, I was not expecting it. I have always tried to be a good child. \ It sounds like your dad really loves you! To gift you something like that. :)
A few weeks ago I ordered a custom birthday cake from somebody. The lady did incredible work on it. \ What type of cake was it. I love cake, wish I could have a slice.
It was a chocolate Mickey mouse clubhouse cake. It tasted amazing also. \ It must have been very pretty and tasty.
I love to hear the rain falling but seein the lightning and hearing the thunder makes me shudder. \ Lightening and thunder has always scared me too. But rain is lovely. Especially in the spring.
Oh yes Rain without the thunder and lightning especially sleeping at nights. \ Or how about on a tin roof? That is the ultimate relaxation.
i trusted my friend with my credit card \ Uh oh.... I'm afraid to ask, how did it go?
it actually turned out ok, i was scared but i was too sick to get to the store myself \ I lent my credit card to my sister one time and it did not go well. She still owes me to this day.
I heard a really loud bang in the middle of the night. the next morning I found out that it was gun shots. OMG \ what? that scary
Someone was grabbed from their home and brought out to the street and was shot in the foot. Guess they wanted to teach him a lesson. \ wow, a hard lesson
Hello how are you? \ I am great how are you?
I'm doing great. So I've got something I've got to get off my chest which isn't easy for me to speak about.  \ Sure, vent whatever you need.
Well when I was younger I began experimenting with something some may call taboo or even wrong. I was in my mom's bedroom one day and came across some of her clothes ... \ Oh did you try them on? It's pretty normal, when my mom came home one day, she found me in her nightgown and highheels pretending I was going to her job.
LOL! Great guess! Yes I experimented a bit. Unfortunately it creates tension with my current relationship.  \ Well, if you feel that's truly you be honest, and if they can't handle it find someone who can. 
If I am being honest, I was bummed when my brother got a full ride to college. \ Oh really?
Yea, My dad when he was alive was in the navy, so they paid for my brother school, but not mine as I had just moved out. \ Do you feel overall that you worked harder than he had throughout school?
We are both fairly smart, I just had to work a fulltime job and go to school .SO harder situation. \ I see. Do you have any resentment? Have you done anything to take matters into your own hands to get where you'd like to be?
Oh most definitely, I am in a good place now, and so Is he, once I got older I knew it was a petty feeling.  \ That's great. It seems like you've only gotten stronger and that's an important trait to develop in life. Be proud of what you can accomplish on your own and your independance!
My car broke down on a busy highway the other day. There were so many cars zooming past me, it was scary! \ that is very scary, how did you get home
My brother had to pick me up. He had to pull up behind me on the curb. It felt dangerous! \ that is dangerous, glad that both of your are okay
my son is coming to visit me \ That's exciting! Are you happy to see him?
yes, havent seen him in a year \ How wonderful. I hope you two have a great time together.
With all the catfishing going on these days I was shocked when my Tinder date turned out to be better looking in person. \ I feel like since the show, catfishing has decreased a little bit. It's easy to determine when someone is using fake pictures.
True.  Have you ever tried online dating \ I have and it didn't go so well for me. I hope your experience is!
Have you heard about Double Dare coming back to tv? I watched it the other night and it took me right back to my childhood! \ No I didn't that's pretty awesome lol...is that the show where celebrities get slimed
Sometimes! I think it's more about families competing against each other if I remember correctly. \ That's cool I remember it was a big theme in Nickelodeon. I'd be so embarrassed if I was the losing family...but I'm sure they all got paid so it was worth
Look, can we just be honest with each other for a second? Having ebola shouldn't mean that I have to be grounded and miss out on my chance to walk on the moon during the upcoming lunar missions. \ Okay, well if you have it then you would have to see a doctor.
I saw one, and he said if I gave him $25,000 he would clear me for flight, but I don't have that kind of money just lying around. It's a real bummer. Now I just have to do super boring NASA desk work like tracking comets. Lame. \ Now that is interesting, I wish you the best of luck.
My son scored 2 goals in the football game. I was jumping and shouting his name. \ That's awesome! Is he a starter? I bet you were super proud of him!
Oh yes I was. He does well in school as well. \ Good grades, good athletics, he sounds like a model kid! I hope when I have kids that they turn out to be successful like yours. :)
Once a lady just randomly paid for my coffee as she was in line ahead of me. \ Oh that's awesome, Was she paying it forward?
I believe so. She really made my day.  \ It's always nice to get unexpected good surprises.
I had a job interview a while ago that I worked hard for. \ You must've spent a while preparing. Did you get the job?
I sure did! I aced the interview and was told they would call me in a week, I was called that night! \ That's so awesome! hopefully youre enjoying it?
My internet connection keeps breaking! How am I going to get all my work done? \ I understand!  I live in the country and have the same problem.
It always happens when there are electrical storms. It seems to be storm season around here. \ Yes.  The only company available out here is Century Link and they just crash randomly all the time.
I am obsessive about being ready for anything \ Oh really? Are you afraid of missing out on something?
I don't know.  I just see stuff in the grocery store and think I like that food and buy it because it is on sale.  Even if I already have it! \ Well it is good to have extra food on hand these days. You never know what major event can happen.
My girlfriend's leg was bitten off by a bull shark last summer. \ Oh my! Is she ok, and was it while surfing?
She's fine now. I spent a month in the hospital with her, then was with her every day for three months while she was in rehab. She was out spreading sacrificial lamb's blood in the water on a fishing trip. Gotta love her. \ Did you recover the leg? And I once almost got my finger bit off by a snapping turtle, it wasn't a pleasant experience so I couldn't imagine hers. You are great for staying there.
I moved across country recently and everything went exactly as planned for once. \ That's amazing! Where did you move to? Did you lose anything on the way?
Moved to Colorado from Tennessee for Outdoorsman School. And nope we even tetrised everything into a tiny pod perfectly. \ That's such an unbelievably satisfying thing, isn't it? When you have JUST enough space to fit everything. I wish you the best of luck in Outdoorsman School. If I ever get lost in a National Park, I'm gonna be looking for you to come save me.
I won a teaching award last year for my work with at-risk youth.  \ How commendable! Congratulations! That is a wonderful accomplishment.
Thank you! I was really pleased! \ Yes you should be. Giving back to communities is very charitable.
It's nice to be recognized. What do you do for a living? \ I live on a farm and take care of many animals. :)
I feel very blessed that I have been able to live around the world my whole life. Now I am settled in one place for awhile. \ That is very cool. What took you all around the world? What was your favourite place?
My father was in the military so I lived all over the world my first 20 years of life. My favorite place is Spain. \ What interesting stories you must have! I think that would be really neat, but settling down is probably good too. 
I forgot about plans that I had made with my mother over the weekend. \ How could you? Oh dear now you would have to apologise
I called her right up and we rescheduled! I felt so bad though. \ I am glad that you were able to reschedule
I was walking bare feet outside and stepped on an earthworm. \ Oh gross! Did it feel slimy?
Yes it did, It was not a nice feeling at all  \ I'm sorry! That would be unpleasant.
I was at the rescue today. Huckleberry turned another corner.   He sat in my lap today.  We think he will go off meds soon \ Are you going to adopt him?
I wish I could but My Izzy is getting too old and would have a hard time accepting another dog.   But I know he will find a home soon \ I hope so.  I always want to adopt all the dogs in shelters
I was talking to a British friend of mine and trying to explain why our president feels compelled to tweet \ I am sure that was an interesting conversation.  What did your friend think?
They think someone needs to take his phone away \ Lol   I think that even the people who like him would agree with that
Last summer I stayed with a friend as I was nearly broke.  I went the store to get food and got back $20 extra in change from the cashier and ended up keeping the money. \ Oh wow, so it was extra money that was not yours?
Yeah so her drawer was short. I realized it later not while she gave me the change so that helped me justify keeping it. \ I hope she didn't get in trouble for being short $20. 
I was looking through the attic and found a box of childhood toys. They brought back so many memories!  \ That must have really been a wonderful surprise!
It was nice to find them all and think back to those simpler times \ Yeah childhood ends way too fast it's great when we have a chance to reflect on them.
The last trip I took to Chicago was by plane.  \ Nice, the windy city! Had you been before?
I had! I love chicago.  The flight is nice and short too, though I wasn't feeling well. \ Ive never been but would love to go one day! Ah no what was wrong?
Two weeks ago my neighbour got a brand new sports car! \ Oh wow, that sounds super fun! What color?
Id love to have the same as his! Bright blue, but its so nice! \ I bet.  I can't imagine anyone would mind having a car like that!
I caught one of my friends doing something unforgivable. \ Oh no! Sounds rough.  What happened?
He was trying to steal items from my dads workshop on the property. \ Wow!  That surely is frustrating.  Did you confront him?
I did, I still hate him for it, and after that night he never showed his face again. \ Good, he better not! Hopefully the anger will fade.
My 21-year old daughter recently moved out and she came back to visit! \ Oh that's great!, was it a surprise?
She told me she was coming but didn't say when.  But then just showed up to surprise me.  I was so happy. \ I'm very happy for you, I'm going to visit my mom next month actually.
Last Monday was my birthday and when I arrived home from work a little late my family and friends was there. \ Was it a surprise?
Yes! I wasn't expecting them at all. \ That is so cool. I bet you were happy!
I used to hang out  with my best friend everyday and now I have no one to hang out with. \ I'm so sorry, what happened?
She moved far away. \ You must be missing here very much.
My guinea pig had 5 babies but all of them died. I don't know why... \ That is so sad.  I hate it when pets die.
Yeah, it is terrible. I just wish I knew why but oh well. She will have more babies in a couple months.  \ yes.  they do like to have lots of  babies
My university is posting live stream of students moving in and I was reminiscing about when I studied abroad in college \ Aww, that is nice. Where did you study abroad?
I studied in Venice Italy and travelled all over Europe \ Wow, how exciting! I also traveled Europe and Italy many years ago. I loved it!! Wish I could just move there. :)
I won a storage shed auction last Monday and found my grandmother's old glass eye in a steamer trunk inside of the shed. Really reminded me of her and how much I miss her. \ Wow that's incredible. What was her anme?
Rita May. She used to mess with me by popping it out and showing me her empty eye socket just to get a laugh while she got drunk off of bourbon. Those were such good times. \ Haha thats really funny. I bet she was a special person.
I am so glad i finished my meeting at work. i was so worked up about it. \ I bet it was way easier and less of a pain that you anticipated it would be. Are you ready for the rest of your work week now?
Yup you are right, and yea i feel the rest of the work week is nothing now. \ Nice! Well then I guess you don't have to be as worked about those meetings in the future then, huh? Piece of cake.
I'm pretty excited for the upcoming Halloween season. \ I am too! What are your plans?
Well In September, Universal Studios starts their Halloween Horror Nights events, after dark!  It's so much fun I can't wait to grab tickets. \ I've been to Universal and everything else around there, but sadly never during halloween, I've always wanted to.
Sometimes I do a weird thing to cheer myself up. \ Oh really, like what?
I'll pull out my original Super Nintendo , boot up mario kart and pretend my dad is playing it along with me, like he did when i was young. \ Oh man I super love mario kart!  I played it growing up a lot too.
The other day i saw the craziest thing. \ What did you see?
Two homeless people on the side of the highway, walking completely nude. \ Wow, that is pretty crazy! What did you do?
Hello! \ I am going on a trip to Peru to visit Machu Picchu! I can't sleep because of the anticipation!
WOW im so jealous! You lucky dog. \ I hear it is a very spiritual place to be and full of beauty and history.
I have heard the same. Are you going with anyone else? \ Yes, my friends are coming with me. :)
I was loyal to the same company for 10 years. \ That's rare these days, I was with mine for 7
Nice. I wasn't rewarded though. They laid me off. \ I hope you at least got a severance package!
I moved across country while looking to my future life there. \ That's very brave. Did you run into any obstacles?
Not really any big ones, other than some stress. It's been great so far and curious how life will be. \ I'm glad things have worked out for you.
 "I once ordered something online, and was waiting for it for a long time. It was kind of fun to wait for it and look forward to it coming though.". \ It's always exciting when you know a package is on the way!
Yeah, I got it from eBay by bidding. They tend to have great deals if you look. \ I love eBay! I just found a doll that my daughter wanted for much cheaper than in the stores.
My friend lives outside of city limits, but still only about 15 minutes from me. I told her that since recycling isn't available where she lives, she could bring hers to my house. \ That is thoughtful. Recycling is a great way to help the environment.
I think so too! But, unfortunately, she seemed to think that it would be too much work for her. \ Oh, that is a bummer. Oh well, everyone is entitled to do what they want
I told a lie to my mother. \ Was it a bad one? And did she find out?
I was about school. And I eventually confessed. \ Sometimes the lies get so heavy you just crack. Good for you though.
Man I was really craving krystals after moving.  \ The hamburger? Those can be tasty.
Yea and the chili cheese pups! But when I looked for gps, I realized the nearest one is hundreds of miles away. \ Oh, well hamburgers aren't the healthiest things.
I just got cable installed in my new house, I was so excited waiting for the cable guy to come! \ Congrats! Did you do it because of football season?
I honestly do not really watch football but I most excited to catch up on some of my favorite TV shows. \ Cool! Whats your favoirite? I like the office.
Right now I am really enjoying Mr. Robot. I've never seen The Office but I always hear wonderful things about it. \ I have never heard of Mr. Robot actually.
I feel bad after selling my truck. \ Why do you feel bad about it?
I forgot to tell him important things about it. He will most likely run into troubles. \ That's unfortunate. Do you have anyway of contacting the buyer now?
life seem like it is going pretty good for me, I have no complaints. \ Same here! I am glad you are doing well! :)
i am glad you are doing well also. I like my job and i have a loving family, no complaints here. \ I hope these feelings last for you!
I just got a new dog! \ hey, that sounds wonderful. a puppy?
YES! he is adorable. \ i imagine, all puppies are adorable and lovable
I went into a pizza shop a while back and saw something gross. \ What did you see?
I noticed one of the employees spitting in someone elses food. \ That's disgusting. I would never eat there again.
I got a job after a long period of unemployment. \ I know how hard that can be. Is it working out?
Yes. I was very happy to be gainfully employed. \ It does take a lot of stress off of you.
Lakers getting Lebron was impressive \ I saw that.  It was pretty crazy!
yea \ What are your thoughts on that?
I feel like my children will grow up to be very compassianate human beings \ wow thats a good feeling to have
It is.  They are very kind kids if I do say so \ you seem to have done a good job. congrats
My dog did something horrible yesterday. :9 \ Oh gosh, What did he do?
He bit a child!! :( \ Oh my god! is the child ok?
Yea no stitches or anything but it was really suprising and a let down for me. \ I hope you don't have to put your friend down, accidents happen.
I went to the doctor for medical problems. \ How did it go?
Well they thought it could be all these terrible things so I was really worried. But then I got the tests a week later after waiting forever. And it's benign! \ Congrats, they can really scare you at the doctotrs.
My best friend from childhood came into town last week and we made dinner plans. \ Oh, that sounds like fun! Has it been a long time since you have seen him?
We haven't seen each other in years.  Unfortunately he bailed at the last minute. \ Oh that sucks! He doesn't sound like such a good friend I guess.
My dog just had a baby and I did not even know she was pregnant! What!! \ A puppy!  That's so exciting!  Are you going to keep it?
I am not sure yet. I already have 4 dogs. I want to because he is so cute! \ I don't know that I would be able to give it up.  4 is a lot, but what's one more?
I had the scariest experience the other night. \ What happened?
I woke up to growls and scratches coming from under my bed. \ Oh no. I hope it wasn't something dangerous.
I was in a car accident. Both cars were totaled. \ I hope you are ok, what happened?
They were running from the police. It was nerve rattling. \ I can believe so , Hope you get justice, and a paycheck!
After a few years in the service industry i decided to go back to retail. Over the years I was away things had changed so much that i have to rely heavily on my trainer. \ Awww man, yeah the retail stores tend to change some stuff up, and sometimes it feels like you have to start all over again, but I'm sure you can push through! 
Yes its kinda like riding a bike in some senses there are familiar parts. A few small differences and details that you have to make sure have been pointed out to you. \ I'm glad it's not all different though. I'm sure the trainer will be really nice to train you because you sort of know what's going on, but just need a run down for the new responsibilities !
Dang, i messed up today. I spent the last 4 days cramming for this final, but still ended up having to guess on some of the questions on the test.  \ Well hopefully the 4 days did good and hey guesses are 50-50 right.
Yeah man! I'm hopeful that I can still pass haha. I'm just really glad that it's over and I can focus on other things now  \ I think you did fine, even if you had to guess you probably made an educated guess, hopefully your subconscious remembered more. 
I went to an auction last week and saw this guy spend so much money! \ Did anyone try to bid against him? 
Yea some other guy but no one else. \ Wow, did he buy anything cool?
So my family surprised me this year with a party for my birthday. \ That's always fun! Did you get anything cool?
They got me the new shoes I've been wanting. I was so elated and had such a good time! \ YAY! I think shoes are a great gift.
I snuck out of bed the other night and ate someones food. \ Haha, did you eat some ice cream?
No just some of what I thought was leftovers. Turns out, it was a lunch. \ Uh, oh, I think you might have been in trouble the next day.
My boyfriend is going out with a bunch of people I don't know tonight. But I trust him that he will be a good boy. \ Well I'm sure he will be, most guys are. I'd never get to  do anything if my girlfriend didn't trust me.
Yeah. I was in a bad relationship before with a man that was extremely untrustworthy so sometimes I get a bit crazy sometimes.  \ Everyone gets jealous, It when you act on unfounded stuff that is the issue.
I had a job interview. The guy really knew his stuff. \ Nice, how did it go? Was the guy nice?
Yes, really smart and easy to talk to. \ That's great! Did you get the job?
Our power went off the other night. We were without it until morning! \ That sucks. Do you know what caused the outage?
Someone crashed into the power line I think. It was so quiet and felt pretty spooky. \ You don't realize how dependent we are on electricity until the lights go out.
I am so lucky to be alive. i almost got in a horrible wreck the other day. \ Wrecks can be a scary thing to just miss. Was it the other persons fault?
Yes. I somehow was smart enough to speed up to miss him. \ Split second decisions save lives 
I think fondly of the Christmas I got my N64 . \ Thats cool. The N64 was a huge step up for enjoying your alone time for me.
Yea , I still play it sometimes for funs sake. \ I sold mine a long time ago and i regret it. :(
Now a days you can get one on ebay or yardsales! \ I should do that i don't know why i haven't
Do a Barrel Roll for me! \ Done! lol
I get so upset when someone does not agree with what I am doing. I am a grown women and feel I can make good choices for myself. \ Yes sometimes people do stick their noses in where they do not belong
Yes, it is like they don't have a life of their own and want to control others lives.  \ Yes.  Especially men who want to mansplain things to you.
I bought a raffle ticket for a charity where I have a 1/500 chance of winning a car \ Oh nice! That seems more likely than winning the state lottery. That would be so cool if you won!
Yes.  They were $100 but they only sell 500 tickets.  And the money raised goes to breast cancer research \ That sounds like a really nice program. Where can I buy some tickets?!
I almost got broken into at my job. \ Oh no. Did they catch the person?
They didn't as they were wearing gloves and a mask. But it was a harrowing experience. \ It's good that they were unsuccessful at least.
Someone helped me move. \ Were they a close friend? And did you pay them with pizza?
Yes, and I paid them with beer. I was thankful because I had a toe injury. \ I had a shoulder injury when i last moved, except I had to pay movers and pretend they were my friends for a day.
My life is pretty awesome.  I'm new to the entrepreneur life and just paid my full rent with 100% self-employed profit. \ Well that sounds just wonderful! What kind of entrepreneur are you?
I'm a freelance musician, copywriter, voiceover actor and another I can't mention lol \ You've sparked my curiosity on the last one haha!
I got a final warning at work today for something I didn't even do! \ Did you try talking with your supervisor 1 on 1?
I did but then the floor manager came over to us and threw me and attitude, so I threw a chair and walked off.  \ Well I hope it works out for you.
I bought a powerball ticket last week but did not win \ Sorry to hear that. What would you do if you won it?
I would have bought a new car and a house perhaps.  But I lost :-( \ It is good to dream. Dreams can come true. :)
By brother won a scratch off sticker lottery ticket! He is giving most of it to charity. \ Wow!  How much did he win?
He won like $40,000. He is a good man to give it all away to a good cause. \ That is awesome that he gave it away!  Maybe good karma will let him win again.
 I rode on my boyfriend's motorcycle for the first time on the highway and I was a little anxious about it \ Haha bikes can be very scary. Did you lean the wrong why, i did that my first time.
Yeah, I had a bad feeling about it, but he reassured me. No, I did! He has a backrest installed so I just lean back and relax! \ Oh nice! He sounds like a cool dude. haha
Yeah, he totally is. He likes all that type of hardcore biker stuff. \ Bike's are a lot of fun i can see why he would be into them.
I saw the freaking most horrible film the other day. \ Oh gosh, about what?
A seriel killer. I almost screamed lol \ Oh no. So it was a horror movie, right?
Yes. A little too much horrow for me. \ Ugh. I hate horror movies.. I swear, I could be a grown 50 year old man, and still have trouble sleeping because of horror movies!!
This girl I know quit her job with me to follow her dreams. \ that was brave of her
Yea, She became a body builder and goes to tournaments.  \ wow, she must be really good. to quit herself. 
I was so scared to attend my 5 year class reunion \ Why is that?
i felt that I let my self go \ Everyone feels that way when comparing themselves at those things. Except the pompous ones from school, those guys suck haha.
I feel so bad today. My grandmother past. \ Ohhh, I am sorry to hear that. I know your pain very well. Are you ok?
I am ok. I made a promise to stay strong. Thanks for your kind words. :) \ That is good. It sounds like you were able to be with her before she left. She is in a better place now.
I was driving the other day and my gas tank was super low. I thought I could make it to school in time but decided that running out of gas was the bigger problem. \ Good choice. You could have broken down and never made it to school.
Yeah so true. The funny thing is as I was driving into the gas station my car started to stall because of having zero gas. lol \ HAHA! You are super lucky you are smart. Lol
When my father died, so many people helped us and lended us support. \ I'm so sorry to hear about your father. That's so awesome to hear about the support you received, though!
One of my exs even paid for his cremation.I was blown away. \ WOW! That's incredible! What an awesome human being
That's funny you say that. There's so much going on right now, I wonder what the future holds.  \ Anything you have in mind for you?
I do have a will made, thankfully. And mainly it's just career stuff. Which can be pretty stressful \ Well I hope your wants come to fruition .
My husband and I decided to get another dog. I was nervous to tell his parents about it. \ Haha why is that? Do you already have too many?
We have 2 dogs already, but they are older. His parents can be a bit judgmental if they don't totally agree with our decisions. \ Ah screw them. Live your own lives. 
I felt pretty sad the other day. my friend who i had plans with for the past month cancelled on me. \ Aw I hate when that happens. Did they have a valid excuse to cancel?
Yes but it didn't help that i was alone. :( \ Well hopefully you can get together with them again soon. I know it stinks to get excited about plans and then have them fall through.
Sometimes I miss having coworkers to talk to, now that I work from home. \ Yea being alone can really get to someone head.
Atleast I have my girlfriend when shes home from work. \ Thats good! Have you thought about getting an outside job?
not really, as I should start school in about 6 months and I don't wanna just bail on them. \ Well six months is a long time maybe you could get a seasonal job.
Maybe a halloween related one haha \ Haha that could be fun! Like a haunted house one.
My mom can be really mean sometimes. \ My mom can too, What did she do?
She yelled at my girl for something stupid. I was pissed. \ Sometimes our mothers forget, that you are adult and thats not her child.
I don't know if she will ever remeber that she isn't. \ Would you?
Yes! My mom is crazy. \ Arent they all!
I had to leave my dog behind when I moved. \ OH NO! Will he/she be ok?
She's ok, I had to leave her with my mom. I got her as a present when my dad died. So i miss her for multiple reasons. \ OHH i thought you literally left her. Haha idk why.
boop, this street looks good, cya toots. \ LOL. Toots haha
My brother just graduated! \ That's awesome! I'm sure you are proud.
I am! He was able to cokmplete it all by himself and was able to pay for it. He is amazing. \ It takes commitment and sacrifice, hell I'm proud of your brother too! 
When I went to pick up my pod from my move, it wasn't even there. \ That is terrible. Did you complain to the company and get a discount?
I sure did, but didn't help I had to pay the movers to drive another 30 miles away. even after confirming that morning with pods. \ Yeah, moving can be so stressful and expensive sometimes.
Very often I get very emotional when things go wrong. I think more emotional than most people. \ Everyone handles stress differently. My anxiety gets so High I sometimes cancel my plans.
I know it is not healthy for the body to get so stressed out but I just can't help it. Maybe I need a therapist. \ I go to a psychiatrist and take meds, It just fixes what your body doesn't make, or do properly. It helps so much. 
I pulled out of my driveway during a horrendous rain storm and accidently ran over my neighbors cat \ Oh my gosh! It isn't your fault!!!
It was an accident but I feel so bad and hate to even admit I did it I just feel awful about it \ I have ran over animals as well. It is an unfortunate reality.
Its horrible they are my neighbors and I know how much they love the cat, I am mortified, embarrassed and remorseful \ Do they understand it was an accident?
They do but I still feel lower than dirt about it \ It could be much worse. They could blame you and you would feel even worse. You should feel better with time.
I can't wait. im going to Europe here soon! \ Oh how exciting! Where are you going?
All over, my uncle said it's a suprise. \ You are going to have such a great time and make memories you will cherish the rest of your life
Aw thank you! Yea i am not really fniancially stable so this is a big thing for me. \ You enjoy it a lot of people never travel so be thankful for the experience and soak up everything like a sponge
I think i got that perspective down! \ I would agree that you do, enjoy your trip!
I will never forget the first time I felt old. I saw a video of grandparents playing with grandchildren and I realized it had been awhile since I did those things. \ I know how you feel. Life is too short.
yes, I try to remind myself that I still have a lot to offer. \ Yes, you do! Just keep living everyday like your last.
Yesterday we had a pool party. My brother got drunk and did a back flip off the roof and landed in the pool. \ wow, I never did understand why people want to get drunk in the first place. I sure hope he wasn't hurt.
I wasn't mad at him. I just never knew he was that athletic. \ it does sound like an amzing feat
So my friend built a deck and it turned out amazing, I didn't know he had it in him. \ How big was the deck?
I think its probably about 20 feet by 25 feet? I'm bad at guessing that kind of stuff hah \ Wow that is big.
I forget the lines in the school play. I was so embarrassed. \ Oh no! Were there a lot of lines you had to remember?
Yes. I was the main character. \ Oh wow, thats impressive but I don't blame you for forgetting lines then since there were probably tons.
I had the worst experience eating out with friends. \ Where did you eat? And what happened?
Wildhorse Saloon. Everyone ordered and got their food except me.  \ I hate when that happens.
I spent Saturday night playing Lord of the Rings Online. \ Oh , was it good? I've considered it.
It is good, but I sometimes wonder if I'm trading real life for a fantasy world. \ Only if you are choosing that, over real tangible moments with friends or outside people.
I watched a sports game the other day and it was crazy. they came back after a large deficit. \ That sounds like a good game to watch! Did you have your friends over?
Only one but we had a heck of a time. \ I can imagine! Watching games can get wild sometimes!
I made a stupid mistake at work and I got fired. What am I going to do? \ Oh no! It will be ok. It seems everyone in life has to go through that at least once. Everyone gets through it!
Yeah, I feel really bad though. It is such a terrible feeling to be rejected like that. \ Sometimes you need those times to make your realize how special having a job is. Gives you perspective.
I am so mad that our politicians won't do something to stop Russian hacking \ That would take a miracle , or have some major money backing it.
Yes.  The Republicans just don't seem to care about our country any more and I am so mad that Putin owns Trump \ Take some small steps and vote in other things for people with the right values, not just pandering to the ignorant.
My brother just graduated with his Masters. \ That is excellent!  In what subject?
Psychology with an emphasis on theoretical treatments.   \ Wow.  That sounds like an interesting subject
So yesterday around noon i was jogging like i always do. Well i notice my pants feel weird, come to find out i have a giant rip in them \ Oh my goodness, that must have been embarrassing
It was because there was a lot of people outside. I know one of them had to see it \ I'm sure people looked away, it could have been them
I went to a retreat and did a very interesting exercise. \ O yeah what did they teach you?
I stood up and my teammates were behind me. I crossed my arms, closed my eyes, and fell backwards. They caught me. \ O that is called a trust fall i think. it is used for team building
I cant believe my neighbor. He is not even working and bought a brand new car \ What kind of car?
Its a brand new Camero. I work two jobs and i cant get a new car but he can pfft. \ Perhaps he's a meth dealer.
My goldfish died. \ Im sorry to hear that, how long did you have him?
For 4 years. I'm bummed. \ Yeah that is a long time for a fish, do you have plans to get another one
friend of mine just spent the last 3 days in st pete looking at houses and she bought one pretty much for cash. must be nice. i don't blame her. i would too. \ Well maybe you can too one day , I hope you do at the very least.
some day i'll win the lottery and be able to haha. i'm actually happy for her. also means i can go visit and have a place to say. \ That's what my friends told me when we moved to Colorado for school. Free couchrides for life.
I'm getting to see Pikes Peak for the first time since moving to Colorado. \ oh very cool. I have never been to Colorado. I keep saying i want to go but never do. Maybe for GABF in a couple years. Who knows.
It is definitely worth a visit. If you come from the east, skip kansas, Its flat which is cool for a while, but then just the smell of cow. \ i've heard that. i'd be coming north from Austin so easy enough to avoid cow smell :D
MAN MY GIRLFRIEND IS AWESOME I DON'T KNOW WHO I WOULD BE WITHOUT HER. \ Thats great I have an excellent spouse as well.
Sorry about caps lock i didn't realize. And yea i think i'm going to propose here shortly. \ Congratulations and thats OK I do that a lot too.
I wanted to get a new pool. My parents got a new pool and im so envious.". \ Pools are so much fun. You can even throw parties just because you have them!
Yes I love to relax and have fun with friends. \ Same. Sometimes they can be expensive as far as chemicals and maintenance.
I was so happy today. I woke up early and ate a good breakfast then went in for my test and I know i passed it ! \ Great news! You must be feeling pretty good today.
I am! it is like im on top of the world! \ You should celebrate with a drink or a nice dinner out maybe
I think I will tonite! \ Where do you think you might go?
Welp, I showed up at the hospital with my pants on backwards today \ I have had that happen, did you run to the bathroom to fix it?
Yeah I did lol. I was sleeping and had to wake up and run. They are track pants so it was easy to do \ It happens but im glad you got it fixed. hopfully no one notcied
I totally drove up to a party a few months ago. \ Did you have a good time?
Yea except for the fact we were just supposed to be meeting two friends to go on a last double date before we moved. \ Sometimes a party can be more fun.
I had an unprofessional job interview. \ What happened? 
The receptionist ignored me, and my interviewer was not prepared. \ I hate when that happens, They expect us to be on point every time, yet they can't bother. I usually decline anything after.
My sister can really get on my nerves. \ I know how you feel. I have a brother I feel the same way about.
She just stole money from me yet again. I might have to stop being around her. \ Thats not good. Have you thought about turning her in?
I decided I wanted to go to nursing school and that I could get accepted.. \ Did you getr accepted?!
I am still waiting to find out. \ I hope you are accepted. How do you feel as far as your application looked?
I saw a video of an Asian guy chopping down a banana tree with leg kicks..it was pretty insane \ That is really weird, did he actually knock the tree down and how thick was the tree?
It was a full grown banana tree.  Before that he was kicking steel street sign posts and bending them out of shape...then he moved onto the banana tree and cut through it like butter! \ I wonder how long it would take him to kick through a large and wide tree.
I was getting home from work one day and was feeling hungry. I wasn't able to eat at lunch break at work. When I got to my house a friend of mine was there and had pizza! \ Nice did your friend give you a piece?
Yes we ate the whole pizza together! \ Cool what kind of pizza was it
I am praying i get called back to this place i interviewed at. I had two interviews and now im playing the waiting game \ I wish you good luck, what kind of job is it?
It is marketing, I have been appling all over but i really want to work at this place \ Marketing is a rough business, but once you get your foot in the door, work hard , but dont let it consume your life.
I went skydiving for the first time . \ I dont think I could do that its way to scary for me
It is scary, and I'm terrified of heights. I had to strap myself to a stranger and jump out of a perfectly good plane with a hole in it. \ It just seems like something could go wrong. You are a lot braver than me my firend
I took my dog on a walk without his leash! I felt scared he would run off but he did great! \ Sounds like your dog had fun.
He was very excited about it. I feel like he minds me more than ever. \ It's good that you are able to discipline your dog.
My computer crashed while I was working on a project. \ oh no! Did you lose a lot of work?
I did. I hadn't saved, and I forgot to set up autosave. It was very frustrating. \ I can relate. I have lost whole essays for the same reason. I had to call in sick for school because of it.
My father died, and I was so angry at him. \ sorry for your loss, why were you angry with him?
No will because he was too stubborn. I felt like a terrible son for being angry. \ its natural to have those emotions
my husband gave me his grandmother earrings \ I bet that meant a lot to you , and him as well.
yes, totally surprised. im honored \ Well cherish them, and what they represent, and you will be awesome.
The other day my mom yelled at a cashier. She was so unreasonable. \ Why was she yelling at the cashier?
She thought the cashier was charging her extra. \ I feel a little bad for the cashier.
Same here. They already have a tough job dealing with so many people. \ I agree. So many people are inconsiderate of workers.
I lent some money to a friend. \ Is he a reliable friend?
He is, I was a little worried though if I would get it back. \ I am sure you will. It could take awhile but im sure he will make enough to pay you back. or is it a she?
He's a guy. He already paid me back though. \ Oh nice! Good man! You are a good friend!
Thank you, I do what I can. \ I am sure that knarma is coming back soon ;)
My favorite team blew a big lead in the playoffs. It was like drinking sour milk. \ im a browns fan i feel that pain
I hate when teams choke. It makes me sick. \ yea me too it sucks
went to my old high school recently \ That can be weird. Lots of memories.
good and bad mostly funny \ Sometimes it's good to reminisce.
I was really nervous to move across country. \ why were you so nervous
Knew noone where we were moving, and also far away from my mother, who is getting old. \ noone knew that you were moving?
oh sorry, we knew no one where we were moving to. \ oh, that has to be scary
Amazingly lol. But here I am. \ here you are, killing it
my kids goldfish died today \ How is the kid handling it? 
i  went and got another goldfish before they got home \ Tried and true, what generation of goldfish is this one?
lol this is the third goldfish that has died. they dont last very long \ atleast it is nt a hampster with specific markings
I saw a kid help another kid cross the street. It was soo cute. \ That's really cute! Were they the same age?
One looked jsut a few years older. \ My children are getting older
How old? \ My son is fifteen. 
Tough age. Are they doing ok? \ Oh yes. I actually ordered him a Lyft the other day to get from one friends house to another. I wasn't worried though. I think the system is solid.
Some people might be worried but I really wasn't. \ What were they worried about?
Letting their kid get into an Uber or Lyft.  \ Lol i think thats the 21rst centurl. its funny back in the day they said don't get in strangers cars.
I know! But he's 15, and 6 feet tall, and there is so much transparency in the ridesharing system.  \ Yea he will be fine.
I saw Tony Bennett in concert in April! \ Did you have a good time?
Yes! It was an amazing performance! He is already 92 years old! \ That's amazing for someone that age. And his voice was still good?
I wear a necklace my grandfather left me before he died. \ That's so sweet! What kind of necklace is it?
Its a buffalo nickle necklace, First one he ever got coin collecting, and also reminded him of his native american heritage. \ Neat! Did he find it while metal detecting? What a treasure that is! It had a double meaning to him!
My son was very sick a few weeks ago, enough that he had to go to the hospital! I was nervous about what the doctor would have to say but had faith that he would help my son get better.  \ I hope everything is fine, How did it turn out?
It turned out fine in the end. I knew the doctor would do what he thought was best - and my son did get better! \ Im happy to hear that, a sick child is always a scary thing.
I friend of mine paid for my fathers cremation without wanting anything. \ That's quite generous! Cremations are expensive these days. I'm also sorry for your loss!
Thanks, I have never felt so happy to have someone like that in my life at that time. \ Having someone like that to turn to in times of need can ease the burden.
Im so happy, I was doing some cleaning and found all my old toys \ Oh nice!  What kind of toys?
My old games and action figures. all my old memorys started flooding back to me \ That is nice.  Remembering childhood can be fun
I woke up this morning and my eye is itchy and my right eyelid is drooping \ You should probably go to the doctor about that
yeah I am going to see what it seems like tomorrow - not sure if something got in it that scratched it or what \ You could have a tear on your eye. You really should get it checked out 
My wife received an award at work for her hard work on a particularly difficult work project! Man, I was happy for her! \ That's awesome. You must be so proud of her!
I am!  It feels really good to know that she is successful in what she does.   \ She's a lucky lady!
Turning 21 next week. I hope I hit it off with a girl \ That's a good goal!  I recommend online dating if you are trying to meet many different women!
Any apps you recommend? \ I hear eharmony is pretty good.  I have a couple friends who have had success with it.
I admire Shakespeare a lot! \ He is a great play-writer. What do you like best? 
I read hamlet, romeo and Juliet and Macbeth too! \ All great stories. I want to visit the Globe Theater sometime in my life. 
I came home to a warm cooked meal tonight and snacks from my girlfriend. \ Cool! I like cookies! What did you have in snacks?
Chuky Candy bar, Twinkies , and some sour patch straws lol. \ wow. ha ha. It's been a long time since I haven't had sour patch. I used to have it, when I was a kid. You seem enjoying your life ha!
Me and my family went to see a magic show for the first time today. \ I bet that was fun, who did you go see?
I didn't catch his name, but he pulled a rabbit out of his hat. Classic trick, but I'll never forget it! \ Magic is such a cool thing. That suspension of belief.
I had an accident at work one time. \ Oh no! We're you okay?
Yea except my pride, I went to work sick and ended up ruining a pair of pant's if you get what i mean. \ Ha ha, you poor thing. Hopefully you feel better soon!
My boss told us all today that there might be lay offs coming. \ ohh, that's bad. But, you will be fine. Don't worry!
I dont know he said a lot of stuff and it has everyone on edge \ They just talk these things to scare us. Don't be scared. I am sure you will be fine! I will pray for you!
I was supporting Real Madrid in UEFA cup 2017. Did you watch the final? \ I didnt I was busy at work. Who won?
We won indeed! I was very much pleased when I heard the news. \ That is good to hear! Do you think they can do it again next year?
I have a job interview tomorrow. I'm looking forward to it. \ oh that's wonderful! Is it a job that you would enjoy?
Yes. It seems like a great opportunity. \ that's great! I hope you do well and get the job. good luck!
I am going on a trip next month and I'm really excited about it \ Neat. Where are you going?
We are driving to Florida to visit family. It will be a long drive but that's a part of the fun. \ Sounds exciting. Have fun.
When i was younger my parents could only afford to cosign for one of us between me and my brother. \ Did you end up getting them to for you?
No, They did it for my brother, He got into a more expensive school, so made more sense to them. \ Wow sorry to hear that. 
After I bought my house I felt happy about my life. \ It's a big step for anyone, and can really make you feel like you have something tangible you worked for.
That is exactly how it went. Do you own a home? \ No, Where I live in Colorado , it would be the size of a match box for way too much money.
They promoted Sally at my job. Im happy for her but bummed i did not get it \ That is sad. Were you in the running for the job?
Well she has two more years there so i think that is why they picked her \ Oh. Well that makes sense,I supposed. Still sad. 
I promised my boss I would go into work on my day off to assist with a project. I didn't go in and I can't look him in the eye.  \ You should at least clear the air with him so that you dont have hard feelings
Yeah I should. It's still hard. I feel like I let him down for not doing the favour \ Yeah but it happens and you should both try to move forward
My boyfriend surprised me with a promise ring after I came back from a month long trip \ Aww that is really sweet! how did her do it?
Not in any extravagant way, he just told me he had a surprise for me and told me to close my eyes, and he placed the ring on my finger.  \ I think he might be the one for you!
I went into my shed to clean it and i found a dead raccoon  \ Oh gosh. That's awful... sorry you had to experience that. What did you do after finding it? 
I got a bag to clean up the body and i buried him, \ Aww. I wonder how he died.. poor raccoon. Even if they are sneaky little creatures, it's pretty sad. 
My sister asked me to go out for drinks with her, but I don't drink \ Did you go with her anyway?
I don't think I want to. It makes me feel weird.  \ I understand that.
I missed my train yesterday. I was so mad at myself!" \ Oh dear. Were you late?
yes there was an accident on my way. \ That is sad. I hope everything turned out okay. 
Yesterday When I was coming from my office. I fell on the ground, ripping my pants. \ Did you trip on something, or injure yourself?
No I did not injure myself but my pants got ripped. I was mortified, as everyone was laughing at me. \ It happens to everyone at some point, Ignore the jerks and know that they will forget about it for the next thing that comes along.
I recently was in a Arcade game tournament.  \ ooh cool! Did you win?
After a hard fought battle I came in second place. But it was to one of the number 1 people in the region. \ You did good! There is always a luck factor involved.
On my way home i got stuck in traffic. and everyone kept honking and yelling at eachother \ That's so annoying. I hate traffic! Was there an accident or was it just rush hour?
Im not sure really it was so crowded all you could see was the cars next to you \ That's the worst. Where I live, there's insane traffic from 3 PM to 6 PM pretty much everyday! But people don't honk or yell, that's just being hostile!
After Hurricane Irma hit my town, I walked through the empty streets and saw windows shattered, trees on the floor, and debris everywhere \ Yeah were i live he had roads closed for weeks trying to fix everything
The hurricane hit you as well? It was awful. \ Yeah i hope we dont get another one of those again
Hello buddy! So you know when you've just ace'd all the final exams and you can just enjoy your time off with out worrying? \ I know the feeling of finish finals, but not with all A's. Congrats buddy!
Yeah just so nice to just enjoy your time off without waiting for the grade to come. \ What are your plans afterwards?
My girlfriend of 10 years broke up with me yesterday. \ Awww man that stinks! I thought you two were going well.
yea, I guess she had a change of heart some time. \ Yeah, but like 10 years of that committed time.
I scored well on an aptitude test. \ That is good, what are you going to do to celebrate
I had a few drinks. I felt good. \ that is always good, have one for me!
So last night my husband almost gave me a heart attack. i was parking and he jumped out to scare me \ Oh, I don't like surprises. What did you do?
I screamed at him, He almost did not get any dinner because of it \ Tough love works sometimes.
So today my mother brought over a whole week of meals to help me out. \ Aww, that was sweet of her. Does she do that often for you?
Yes, she's always helping me out! I am so thankful for her she's an amazing mother. \ That's wonderful. It's nice to have someone in life who cares for your well being.
My friend just got a new car and it's the same car I've been wanting ever since it came out \ Oh wow, are you feeling super envious?
You bet I am! I told him I was driving my car whenever we go out because I don't want to see it,lol. \ Ha ha, I don't blame you! Hopefully you can get the car you want soon though.
Have you seen the fifa world cup? \ A few times before, but not recently. I do love Fifa the game though.
I had great expectations from Belgium. They should have won the world cup! \ Well maybe next year they will fix the issues the club had, and come back stronger.
I got shafted by my general manager at my job. \ ohh good, and how did that happen?
She decided not to answer her phone for two days after we had people quit on us, So I had to open to close 9 am to 3 am two days in a row. \ Ohh that's bad though. Why don't you meet her?
trying to get a hold of a long time friend of mine \ Does his phone not work or something?
im not sure making me worry \ Well if you are really worried maybe call the police and have them do a wellness check
My wife is so made that I ate the piece of cake she was saving \ lol i bet it was good
It was but she would have prefered to find that out herself \ sometimes it tastes better when it naughty
I recently just graduated with my Bachelors \ Congratulations! Are you happy to be done?
Yes! It took me a few years longer than expected but I can finally say I finished \ That's wonderful. I bet it feels great to have all your hard work finally pay off.
So I moved away from my parents not too long ago. It's been a big change. \ Oh wow. How far away did you move??
Out of state. I'm by myself now, so it's pretty quiet! I miss them a lot. \ Awww! I know they miss you, too. I hope you're finding some fun with living on your own too!
I found some really cool things going through old boxes the other day. \ O yeah? What did you find?
A box of childhood memories,including my Furby,Teddy Ruxpin, and a tamagatchi. \ O man I still have my furby too! I love looking at my old toys
My daughter was in a play and she had a singing part! \ That's awesome, I was in Chorus as a kid. Did she nail it?
She did I was so proud i almost cried! \ Hopefully they made a taping of it for you to have.
My oldest child needed braces but her health insurance wouldn't cover the expense. It was close to 4000 dollars and we did not have that kind of money at the time. \ I feel you. Last week, I spend 1000 dollars to fix my daughter's teeth. Dentists ask a lot of money now a days.
Yes they do. My aunt paid half of the cost for us and didn't has for any of it back because she knew we needed the help. \ Ohh well that's good for you. These kind people always help in difficult times.
Yesterday, I saw my best friend in the park. He was with my ex. \ That's weird. Are they friends?
No, they are not! I don't know what's going on \ Oh, wow. I bet you were upset. Are you going to ask him about it?
Yes I will. I was very envious of him, when I saw them together. \ I'm sorry you are going through this.
I was sitting on the couch after a long day taking care of work and all the mommy stuff the other day.  \ sounds good so far
It was! My family was happy and together. Chatting and watching tv. Everything just felt right. \ thats a great feeling
i just stepped on a hairball \ Like the kind a cat vomits or came off of a brush? I'm hoping for you it came from a brush
nope it squeezed betwixt my toes \ Oh my goodness for a lack of better terms! I would be no good after that
So last night I heard a window break in my house. So i jumped up and grabbed my gun to go check it out \ Oh man, I hope everything is ok , and it was something mildly annoying like a tree limb.
Well i snuck through my house and come to find out my dog had knocked a glass of the counter somehow \ My dog would of looked around like, wasn't me daddy, i cross my paws.
I find myself thinking about where I have come from and where I'm going. \ Somethimes that is good it keeps you on pace
I can't wait to see what life brings me, and where I end up. \ Yeah but try to enjoy the journey that is the most important part
This young kid at karata bet another kid who was 3 belts higher than him in sparring. \ I like watching movies with karate in them.
Well everyone is calling him Daniel now because he is so good at it \ Thats awesome. How long did it last?
I got on social media yesterday and saw that my friends went to a party, but they didn't invite me. \ ohh that's rough...did you talk to them about it
No, sometimes I feel like they just don't understand me. \ do they give you any kind of value...or do they just ignore you / put you down 90% of the time?
Catfishing should be illegal I swear...I'm not shallow but if you need a bunch of makeup and filters try hating yourself less and go to the gym or get a job that gives your life meaning! Rant over. \ I agree, people who catfish need to get their priorities straight.
Thank you! Glad there are still some smart ppl in this world... \ Exactly, looks are not the only think that matter in this world.
My husband used to work out of town in a different state Sunday through Thursday. \ Ohh He is so hardworking. You are very lucky.
Yeah, he does work hard. Even thought my children were with me and we kept our usual routines, I was miserable when he was gone. I would cry after he left every Sunday. Luckily now, he has a job where he is home everyday by supper time. \ Ohh good for you. You two are made for each other!
My dog has been really sick this past week but after going to the vet I truly think he will be just fine \ I 'm glad to here it will be fine , but what was wrong with it?
He want really weak and had a fever. It was because of an allergy that gave him a severe skin infection. \ I 'm glad you was able to pin point the problem and I hope he stays in good health.
The wait is always the worst. I will keep you in my thoughts. \ Yes I agree. Thank you.
I didn't have a car to get to and from work, so my parents actually let me just keep theirs for a bit! \ oh thats great
Yeah it was so giving of them to leave it to me for so long and helped me a ton! \ thats always super
i just lost sight of a creepy crawly \ Oh no! Was it a spider?
worse a giant COCKAROACH! \ Oh boy, that's even worse than a spider! Run!
I recently stole money from a friend \ That's terrible, I hope you apologized, or at least returned it and it was stolen for a good reason.
It actually just stolen so I could get ingredients for pancakes. I keep meaning to pay them back, but I haven't. \ Well you should if it's weighing on you.
I had to send back my food at a restaurant last week. \ What was wrong with it?
There was a hair baked into one of my raviolis , super long and not mine at all. \ Oh that's so gross! I would have sent it back too
I applied for a promotion at my job but didnt receive it.". \ Its always disappointing to not achieve something you were hoping for but it could also mean that a better position is in store for you.
Yes I agree and I am keeping my fingers crossed. \ I am sure with that attitude that you will move up the ladder very soon, much luck.
Due to various internal problems at my job nearly all workers positions will be reassigned.  In spite of this I plan to continue working for this company. \ I am sorry to hear that will you still be needed for your job?
I am hoping that my versatility and ability to pick up on new things quickly will keep me employed. In which position I am not currently sure, but I like the company \ Thats great I am sure you will achieve success there.
When I was in middle school, my older sister went to college, and I saw her dorm after she moved in. \ What was it like I have always wanted to live in a dorm and go to colledge?
It was so cool. I really wanted to go to college just like her. \ Well you should have why didn't you?
my dog I have rasied since she was apup got ran over last week , I had her for thirteen years and I don't no how I can go on with out her Its like everything will never be the same. \ Oh no, you must be devastated. Wish I could give you a hug.
yes i was but ill make it threw it. \ It's tough to lose someone you love. 
My dog passed away a few days ago and im really upset about it stil \ I'm so sorry! Losing a pet is like losing family.
Yeah he was 8 years old. I know it was probably just his time \ You'll always have those memories of you and him together to cherish!
While driving today I went past my grandma's old house. She passed last year. \ I bet that gave you some good feeelings
Oh for sure. Good feelings, but I also miss her so much. \ Yeah I bet. but atleast you have the memorys
Hey!  How are you today? \ I'm tired but otherwise great.
Great!  Guess what I did?  You'll never believe.... \ Jumped out of an airplane?
I can't believe what happened to my dog. \ Uh oh.  What happened?
She decided protecting me from a stalking cougar was the good girl move. \ Wow!  Are you ok?  Is she ok?
I'm alright, She had to get about 60 stiches under her legs and near her neck. She got so many treats, and is doing just fine, if not a little wary of cats. \ Omg.  I'm glad you're both ok.  That had to be scary.  She deserves extra love.  What a good dog.
Such a good doggo! \ I'll bring you both something special next time I'm over.  So glad you had her there.  Wish she didn't get hurt though.
Awhile back I was taking a relative to get a heart cath. The surgeon sent for me to enter the operating room. \ Is your relative okay now?
oh yes, thank you for asking. other family members just got a call and told them everything went ok. Kind of scary when I was sent for. \ It must've have been. Glad they are okay now.
Waiting to hear what the loan officer says on my home loan application \ I sure hope they say YES with a very low interest rate. Will this be your first home?
Yes, it will be and thank you so much! \ A very exciting and scary time of life. I remember it well.
My buddy wont clean up after himself, he leaves his trash everywere \ Yikes, I had when that happens. Do you live with this guy?
Yeah But im about to confront him about it \ Good for you! Get it done!
I just got engaged, my best friend just proposed! \ Congrats! how long have you been together?
We haven't actually! We're just friends, but now we're getting married apparently \ That is kinda odd but im glad you are happy!
Im so tired of my neighbor he lets his dog go to the bathroom everywere \ That's not fair! Does it go on your property?
yes and i have started throwing it on his porch with a shovel \ I see. Have you tried talking to your neighbor about it?
I went on vacation to Norway and went ice-climbing. I thought I was going to fall and die though. \ Yeah, was it super cold?
Yes pretty cold and amazing! We climbed up . glacier with pix axes and clamp-on shoes. \ I dont think I would have been brave enough to  do that
I am so happy for my brother. he was in college for years getting his degree now he is dont with medical schoo \ That's a big accomplishment! I bet your're proud.
we are! we are throwing him a party this weekend \ That sounds like it will be so fun! I bet you all have a fabulous time.
I went outside to get my paper this morning. Someone had ran over my mailbox! \ O no! Can you fix it?
No, it's completely demolished! I'm feeling pretty annoyed. \ Well it is not hard to build a mailbox im sure you can do it
i feel kinda bad \ Oh I'm sorry to hear that, why's that? :(
i drink the last can on my wifes fav soda  \ Can you go to the store and get some more before she notices? 
I love coming home from a long day at work and just hanging out with my cats.  \ oh yea i do too i have 3
Aww! I have two. They're very snuggly.  \ fat and sassy too
So I was engaged until recently \ Sorry to hear about your loss.
It's okay, its been a rough adjustment period \ Yes I have been in that situation. Just stay positive.
I have been trying to keep my car running perfect. I am failing." \ What happened to your car?
I recently got a set of new tires and a week later a tire blew while I was driving to work. \ Oh yikes that's awful
My friend from highschool jsut told me she is moving back to town! \ Awesome.  You must be excited.
I am! it is going to be a small show so i will be real close to them \ How long since you've seen her?
You'll never believe what happened tonight. \ 1What happened
I was walking to my car in the parking deck and a guy was breaking into the cars. \ O no I hope you tried to stop him
i just found my keys after 6 hours \ I bet they were in the last place you looked
yep if i would have looked there 1st  \ Yeah that is usually how it goes
This lady at the store kept flirting with me today \ oh yeaaa do tell
Well I told her that i was happily married but thanks for the interest \ ah snap!
gotta go fast \ Fast? Like sonic the hedgehog?
faster i gotta get to the potty \ Oh no! We do need to hurry then don't we?
My sister is a journalist and she got her first big story published in the paper today! \ now thats some super news
It is! It's a really big deal and I couldn't be happier for her. \ thats great
At a party I found myself to be by myself \ I understand sometimes it uncomfortable to socialize, I get anxiety in social situations
Yes, but I didn't really fit in with the crowd..I couldn't connect with them on anything. \ Sometimes its just a phase or maybe the group of people are not making an effort to make you feel included? I am sorry I know how that feels.
I feel really calm, stable and happy right now . Life is running smooth and I am enjoying it. \ That is great! What is driving your happiness?
Honestly its just that work is smooth and no issues with home life or family right now. Life is seldom smooth so I am relaxed and enjoying it while it lasts. \ It's always a blessing to have certain times in life where no problems are occurring!
at work I kept on hearing people laughing behind me, when I got to my desk, my coworker pointed out a postage stamp was stuck on back of my head \ Wow, that's so mean of them to laugh at you! At least someone pointed it out eventually, right? 
yeah, but i think my boss even seen it too, i wanted to hide under my desk \ That's embarrasing. But hey, I think the best way to get over moments like those is to just laugh at yourself! Don't beat yourself up for it. 
I offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation \ that is so sweet of you
Thanks! It was my first time taking care of a dog! I've never even had a pet before so it was something new \ i bet you had no problems, dogs are easy to take care of, they blindly accept anything
Saw a guy and girl racing each other. The girl was way ahead \ Fine, what did happen at last?
She definitely won that one. \ Good. Is it a bike race?
I did a major mistake in my work.  \ Oh no. What happened?
My manager corrected it and didn't say anything. I was ashamed about my mistake. \ That's very kind of your manager. 
So my girlfriend is meeting up with a boyfriend she has when she was 16 \ Oh boy, you okay? How does that make you feel?
Im fine I know she would never do anythig to hurt me \ Absolutely! Trusting your partner is so important.
So my partner gave me the biggest surprise this week. \ what did they do?
He got us a trip to Hawaii! I couldn't believe it, I am so elated! \ That is awesome! I bet your happy about that
I had 2 job interviews yesterday and my nerves are on edge today.. \ How do you think they went? 
I think they went well. Im keeping my fingers crossed. \ I hope so too! Good luck. :D 
I hate when you're with someone else in public, and they're super rude to the waiter or salesperson or whomever.  \ It is annoying especially if in certain situations.
Especially if they're being irrational. I worked in retail for a long time so I sympathize with others in that position. \ Absolutely couldnt agree more.
Last winter I went to the local pharmacy to get flu meds and threw up while waiting in line. I was mortified and ashamed. \ Wow that is so terrible. But you must've been really ill, I'm sure everyone understood.
I was just starting to feel bad and did not expect that to happen. I t just happened and I did not want to look at anyone or make eye contact. I wanted to crawl under the counter and hide. \ Oh my goodness, I can only imagine how horrible that was for you.
My cousin has the perfect life, sometimes I am envious of her. \ Wonderful I bet she is really content if everything is perfect. Love to hear that someone is doing well.
I do too, I just wish I had her life at times. \ I understand but try not to be jealous. Good things will come to you to in its own time
So i had to go to court but i had all my papers ready and proved my case \ Neat! What was the case?
it was a parking ticket dispute but it was not my fault and they ruled in my favor \ That is a victory! Those pesky parking tickets can be a pain sometimes!
A few weeks ago my dog died. I was depressed to see him go. \ Im sorry to hear that. what did you decide to do?
Well we haven't decided to look for a new dog yet. I think I need some time to reflect. \ Yeah that seems like the best thing to do
I feel very satisfied with life right now. My friends and family are healthy, and I am doing good in my classes \ Being happy where your life is has got to be one of the best feelings. I'm happy for you!
Thanks! I hope everything continues to go well. There's always some bumps along the road, but hey, what can you do about it?  \ It's all about what you do with those bumps and just pushing through them I think.
I finally went and adopted a cat last month and go way more than I expected! \ Oh my gosh! How many did you adopt?!
Well it was only supposed to be her, but we found out she was pregnant! She popped out a whole litter of adorable. \ Oh, I see! What a lovely surprise though. What did you do with her litter?
i applied for a job promotion. But i won't know if i got it or not until next week \ The waiting must be very difficult and nerve wracking.
i know, im having trouble concentrating at work, I just want to know right now \ Things like that make me antsy.
My car stalled when I was at a store not long ago. \ that's a bummer, i hope it was nothing serious happen to your car
It was nothing too bad.  A man helped me get it started so I could at least get it home. \ that is good to hear,  there are always kind people out there to help
The hurrican that came through completely destoryed my house \ Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry! Where are you staying now?
We have a home to live in but we lost everything \ I can't imagine what you're going through. That must be extremely hard.
I had to leave town last week and that meant leaving my pets who are my babies. I needed someone who could take care of them properly. \ Yeah it is hard to leave our animals behind
It is very hard! The only one who I'd let do it was my sister and she did an amazing job. \ That is nice of her!
I was looking at some new cars. but the salesman was really pushy \ Ugh, thats the worst, especially when you just strictly looking. Were you planning on buying?
Im not sure I just needed someting realible you know? \ Yeah. Pushy salespeople are so annoying though! They accomplish the opposite of their goal when they become too overpowering over their customers.
When I got home from work, I realized I had my shirt inside out the entire day \ o no, i hope no one noticed
I hope not. I don't think anyone did or my coworkers would've told me.. but who knows if someone was just laughing behind my back?! \ Yeah i would not think about it to much.
I have been through a lot but now i think im at a good place in my life \ That is good that you feel better! What happened to change your perspective?
Im not sure i think i have just learned a lot about myself \ I see! Well self-exploration and reflection is usually really productive!
I thought I was going to crash my car last week. A guy cut me off. \ im sorry, did you say anything to him"?
Well we just passed each other on the road. I should have honked my horn though because I was upset. \ Yeah i would have yelled at him
Im excited my birthday is coming up and i know my wife is getting me something good \ That sounds fun.  I'm sure she knows you well enough to get you something that will suit you well.
Yeah i think she is getting my a new chair! \ That sound like a very useful gift that you'll use a lot in the course of a day.
I remember going to college out of state and being scared of the unknown since I would be so far away from familiar surrounding. \ i can imagine but it is good to get out
Yes, I learned so much from the experience.  I made friends quickly and that helped so much. \ That is really cool, everyone should do something like that
I've been sick and it's been hard to take care of my 3 kids during the day. My husband came home early from work to help out, I'm so thankful for him. \ Being sick does stink at times. But at least your husband is there to assist when in need.
It makes everything a little easier to deal with. \ Hopefully your kids also understand and aren't being a handful.
So i forget some stuff i did as a kid. But when they come back to me i love what i remember. Found out a old game i used to play when i was like 7 \ What was the game? That happens to me all the time too, it's a treat to remember such great times.
It was a old CD-ROM game about the Busy World of Richard Scarry. Loved the show back then but the game was so much fun still. \ I remember that show! And the books! But I had no idea there was a game!
My son and his wife are expecting their first child this fall. I am so excited and looking forward to being a grandmother. \ thats so awesome congrats
Thanks, the excitement of looking forward to the birth is so strong. The build up is growing each day, \ my daughter just had her 2nd such happy
yep watched a guy do some tricks on a skateboard \ Was he any good or talented at it?
oh yea like a pro \ Well that sounds like fun to me.
Last month, my family and I drove to Colorado to visit my sister. \ That sounds fun how long has it been since you have seen her?
Not very long because she came to visit us about 3 weeks before we went there. The trip was fun, but the driving always scares me. \ Yeah i bet it was a long long drive
so i did not get the promotion at work. they selected Steve to get it \ I'm so sorry to hear that. You must be disappointed.
I am just I will get it next time \ That's a great attitude to have! Positivity is always a great quality to have.
Thanks! Please wait while we match you up with another worker. (Sometimes this takes a few minutes if there aren't many other workers available \ Hello! How are you.
I feel so thankful for having such an accepting family. I recently came out and everyone was beyond supportive. \ That's an incredible blessing that they love you. Some people have different opinions about that so your lucky you come rom a supportive family.
A scammer called me on the phone today, he tried to get me to sign up for a service. \ oh no, were you polite to him? It can be pretty frustrating.
Well this isn't the first time he's called. I was irritated, he won't leave me alone! \ oh no, is there any way you can file a complaint against him? And it's the same guy?! So weird!!!
I felt nostalgic the other day when I found a photo of my pet who died some time ago. \ Yeah i have a photo album and every time i look at it i smile
It's nice and brings back good memories.  I still miss my pet. \ Yeah i know but atleast you have memories of him
So i was at a trivia contest and won! \ That sounds exciting.  Was there a prize?
Yup it was a old 80s tape deck! \ That's hysterical!  It was definitely a unique prize then.
So I finally decided to take my dog for his first dog park visit. \ Aww that's so cute! Did he enjoy it?
It's hard to tell! He refused to leave my side the entire time and just watched the other dogs play. \ Poor guy was just nervous, I'm sure the more you take him the more he will venture away from you and have some fun!
After my haircut last week, I have received so many nice compliments! \ A new haircut can do wonders! I always feel like a million bucks after.
I wasn't too sure about it but all the lovely compliments really made me feel good!  \ I bet you looked great! Those compliments would've made me feel good too!
so happy with my fam \ That's awesome. What do you like about your family?
everything were really close \ Aw, that's very sweet! I wish I was that close with my family.
The new school year has begun and I'm can't wait to see what the future has to offer \ awesome
Yeah, I'm a nursing major so I'm excited to begin volunteering at my local hospital.  \ thats sounds fun
One of my past successes was receiving an internship offer! \ Oh wow! That's impressive, those can be really hard to get.
Yep! I know I beat out other candidates for the position. But the work only just began at that point! \ Congratulations, that's great! Hopefully you like the work.
Last Halloween, I went to a really scary haunted house. \ Wow! What was scary about it?
It was super realistic. I had never been to a "good" one before, where there are a lot of live actors. \ Interesting! I bet live actors really enhance the experience!
i live alone work alone eat alone \ oh man. That is not good. Do you feel okay?
yea just need a friend  \ I'm sorry man. You can reach out to me anytime.
I haven't seen my girlfriend in a week, I'm feeling pretty alone at the moment. I need some quality time \  i hear ya there
yeah man just need some companionship. Good thing I got you. \ oh boy
I found the mug my grandfather used to use every day.  \ Oh that is wonderful I know that means a lot to you. It has great sentimental value I am sure.
It really brought back some great memories of my childhood.  \ I am sure it did and I know you will treasure that mug. Put it in a special safe place on display so you see it every day..
My sister in law has it made in the shade. She has a new car, new house, shops all day. \ Oh wow. Good for her! Does she have a great job to afford such a great lifestyle?
No she does not have to work, shops all day, two nannies for the kids. She has it all and has to do nothing. \ I'm sure that much be hard to stand by and watch as someone who works hard for their things. 
I recently stopped at Sonic and got a carhop classic. It reminded me of when my Grandfather used to take me there as a kid. \ I love Sonic! I used to go as a kid a lot as well. They have the best shakes.
Yeah my grandfather lived across the street from one, we would go almost everyday when I was there. \ I bet going to one again brought back a bunch of wonderful memories.
Im embarrassed to admit I forgot to pick up my brother from worth the other day after agreeing to \ Well hopefully he is understanding, if he is anything like my brother nothing a cold 6 pack won't fix.
Ha ha, he was a little miffed. He got over it though when I stopped and got him ice cream on the way back though! I felt like such a jerk. \ All is well that ends well, especially with family they gotta give ya do overs.
I don't know why I did but my friends aren't speaking to me and It feels very isolating.  \ have you asked them? 
They ignored me when I did. \ they seem like not very nice people! im sorry 
I cant believe what happened today.  \ What happened?
I found money on the ground!  \ How much! Sometimes things happen like that when you really need them!
I saw Diana Krall sing in June! She was amazing! \ no idear who that is but im sure you liked it
It's a jazz musician! She played "I've Got You Under My Skin" which is one of my favorites! \ thats great
i need to hear from a friend hes been ill \ That's an unfortunate situation. What's the diagnosis?
not sure when he shakes his leg it hurts \ I see. He should probably get that checked out by a doctor. It's best to check out these things I think.
I was late for work today and in a hurray I fell down some stairs \ That is terrible to hear, hopefully you didn't injure anything more than your pride.
Yeah i was ok but i think some people saw me \ Well maybe your boss was one of them and you get some brownie points for trying to get to work quickly
I bombed so bad on my first attempt at the SAT that i didn't talk for a week and paid 150 bucks for a prep course \ Wow im sorry to hear that
Actually did me good motivated me and with the class my score got me a scholarship \ That is awesome! Im glad it worked out
i need to go to bed \ Are you tired, or do you have early plans tomorrow?
yes and yes im having a porch built \ Oh, that's exciting! There is nothing like relaxing on the porch in the evening. 
naw its for my birds \ Oh, that's cool! How many do you have?
A few years ago, I accidentally shoplifted a 12 pack of Coke from the store. \ oh myy
It was on the bottom part of my cart, and I forgot all about it. It had been a really long day. I felt bad when I noticed in the parking lot. \ oh i bet
I drove by the town i grew up in and made a few stops. it was a good time \ Sounds lovely! I bet it brought back a lot of memories.
it did i got to see my old school! \ Do you have fond memories of it>
I finally took the plunge and decided to go back to school this year. \ That is a great idea! how is it so far?
I start next week! I was super hesitant at first, but I'm so glad I'm making myself do it. \ Yeah you will improve yourself and feel good about it
we just found out my friends mom has cancer \ That's so unfortunate. My condolences. Is there anything you can do to help?
I dont think so but we all have been parying \ I wish your friends mom all the best. A miracle could happen!
A monkey jumped on my back and stole my banana!  \ What did you do!
