He just really started to try hard in school for a change. \ That is great, do you ever help him study?
I really love supporting the New York Yankees. \ I'm not that into sports. What do you like about them?
I like that they win all the time. \ That's fair, good for them then!
We have taken many unplanned trips this summer that I didn't have money for. But I was able to pick up more work and pay for them. \ How exciting that you were able to do that. I hope it was fun.
It has been a fun summer! I am so tired though. \ It's funny how you need a vacation to recover from vacation.
When I moved into my house I was living by myself for the first time \ I bet that was scary! Did you like it?
It felt really strange to be by myself. But I got used to it. \ Were you ever scared? 
I am suppose to start a new job tomorrow. I am not sure I am going to like it \ What job is it?
i will be working at a daycare. i love kids, but i am not sure i will like working with so many at once. \ Only one way to find out.
My brother died, my heart is in pieces. \ Aww.. I am so sorry for your loss. It is so hard to lose our loved ones. 
Yes, he was my only brother. \ It sometimes helps to remember the good times you had together.  
someone almost killed me the other day \ Oh no! What had happened?
someone almost hit me in a car \ Geez, hopefully they get caught someday for driving so reckless. Good to hear you are okay.
I took my car to the dealership to get it inspected and checked overall for a road trip. \ thats smart of you
Yeah, I just want to make sure everything is running well before hitting the road. \ i would always do that
I really like the new stadium my school built. \ That sounds great, it's always nice to have a new place to play like that!
Yes, it is beautiful and a fun place to watch games. \ Glad you have a place like it to enjoy
I was playing with my cat earlier with a laser pointer and he was having such a great time! \ How long dd you do that for?
An hour at least! \ The cat must of got tired.
I met a new girl and have a date with her tomorrow night. I have a lot of butterflies in my stomach right now! \ Where did you meet her?
On the bus. She was reading a book that I read before so we started talking. \ That was brave of you to talk to her.
I always keep my word to my children. \ That's always a good idea. I respect that.
Yes, I have to teach them right. \ That's a good way to be a parent. They will grow up to be more honest and respectable.
My brother is in the Navy. \ How long has he been in the Navy?  I have a bonus son (my son's best friend) who has been in the Navy for about a year now.
He has been there for five years. \ That's a nice commitment.  My father is an Air Force veteran.  I'm not too fond of the military, but it definitely makes a difference in the lives of many.
Do you have a favorite music era? \ Yes, I love 80s rock n roll.
That's a great era!  I went through a rock n roll phase around 1984-1986.  My favorite music era is the 70s.  I love the bands. Old school music is the best for me. \ Yes, I wish I could go back in a time machine.
Anytime I hear Hillary Clinton talk, I feel sick to my stomach. \ Ugh, tell me about it. Her and Trump both make me feel that way.
I love Trump, I could listen to him speak all day. \ He doesn't really say anything of substance in my opinion. Just vague words. But hey, to each his own!
I've long been married and living on my own, but my mom still cooks up delicious meals almost every night and invites me over to eat. I appreciate that more than she realizes. \ Does she come over every day?
I usually go and visit her, but she does come over pretty often too. We have a close relationship. I really have a lot to thank her for. \ Maybe you should cook for her one night.
My son is getting ready to go into the military! I am so pleased with him \ What branch of the military then?
The marines. He has always wanted to join.  I am glad he is finally getting to.  \ The marines is by far my favorite so good for him!
I really wanted to get an A in one of my classes but I barely didn't which is fine. \ I am sure a B or A- is just as good.  Which class was it?
It was physics, which is my least favorite subject. \ Ohhh that's a hard subject. I struggled with physics a lot, but not as much as chemistry.
I won the lottery, its party time. \ That's so lucky! How much did you win?
I won five thousand bucks. \ That's a good amount, cool!
I met this girl on Tinder and even though we didn't go the distance we really hit it off at first. \ Are you going to see her again?
Probably not, which is fine by me. \ I thought you hit it off thou?
I found a gigantic spider in my shower! \ wow i would be so sad if i saw that
I was really freaked out. It must have come up through the drain. \ yea i would die if i saw that
someone almost killed me the other day \ Oh god, what happened?
someone almost hit me with a car \ I'm glad you are okay. That sounds terrifying!
I buy scratch tickets pretty often from a gas station near by, but I never really win anything more than a buck or two. Well, I won $500 yesterday! \ Congratulations. That is very good luck you had. To be honest, i am not really interested in those scratch tickets as i think they are just waste of my hard earned money
I have to agree that they usually are a waste of money. But this time I'm happy I bought it! Made back some of the money I wasted in the past. \ Good. But my advice to you is do not count on them too much as they have astronomically low chances of winning even anything at all
I recently applied for a new credit card with Chase. My application was approved and i was given $8,400 credit line. To be honest, with my low credit score, i was pretty surprised to be given this amount \ Holy cow, that's a large limit! And I thought my $2500 limit was decent!
That is what I am talking about. From my other cards, I only have $3,000. How come with my low credit score I was granted such amount. It was just unbelievable for me \ Just be careful and don't get too excited and start swiping it all over!
You won't believe this, a guy in a box truck cut me off earlier and ran me off the road! \ Are you ok?
I am okay but I was terrified, I thought we were going to collide and I was worried about getting hurt! \ Is your vehicle damaged?
I found $20 on the side walk today \ Did you try to find who it belonged to?
There was no one around and it wasn't in an area with any buildings next to it.  How could i? \ I understand, I hope you do something special with it then! It's always exciting to get a little extra cash, even only $20.
I am ready for my boxing match. \ Wow, that's pretty impressive! Have you been training a lot?
Yes, everyday for six months. \ That's awesome to have that type of dedication.
I want to surprise my wife with a birthday party! \ When is her birthday?
This upcoming weekend. I really appreciate her and want her friends and family to celebrate her special day. \ Where will you have the party?
One of my friends seemed so bad with women but then randomly he  got a girlfriend. \ Where did he meet her?
A few weeks ago, so it was pretty jarring. \ Not when, where I asked?
I really want all the kids I teach to go on to big things in life. \ I hope so too! So are you a teacher or substitute or what?
I am a math teacher in high school. \ What kind of math do you teach?
I was at this guy's place and even though I didn't like him, I felt bad for stealing from him. \ What did you steal from him?
Just a coin, but it still made me feel really bad. \ Why don't you return it?
I wish I was as cool as Brad Pitt. \ Same, especially being as attractive as he is.
Yes and he has money. \ He pretty much has everything at this point.
I am so sad about the bridge collapsing. \ Where and when did this happen?  I haven't looked at the news lately to avoid hearing sad news.  The last incident of the duck boat accident was very saddening.
This occurred in Italy last night. \ Oh wow.  I will definitely need to look at that.  Was there many casualties?
I really wish they would do more in the schools to stop children from being intimidated by others so they can focus on what's important. \ I think kids should all be home schooled.
I'm not sure about all, but I do see a rise in those being home schooled to ensure the safety of the children.  However, not all parents are equipped with the ability to home school.  \ They can hire teachers to come to the house.
I tried a new taco place in town yesterday and I really liked it! \ I love tacos! Do they serve other mexican food?
Yeah they also have burritos, tamales, and lots of other yummy stuff. \ Sounds delish! I really like Moes southwest grill. If you get the chance you should try it.
My electricity is out again! I pay a lot for the service, and i can never count on it. It goes out when the wind blows! \ Oh no that's horrible. Have you complained to the electric company?
Yes but i always get the same answer, we are working to improve the infrastructure.. blah blah. I am seriously considering solar. \ I would too at this point. It might be more reliable.
My 13 year old golden lab passed away this morning. I miss him so much, but I'm glad he is not in pain anymore. \ Sorry to hear that, will you get another dog?
Not right now. I think I will wait a while until I am ready. \ Do you have any other pets?
Anytime I go to Mcdonald's I never order and feel sick. \ That's non fun. I'm sorry to heard that. Maybe you shouldn't go there anymore?
Yes that is a great idea. \ The food is not very healthy so you are not missing much
I really do not like water, I can't swim. \ thats no fun! i love to swim and be in the pool or beach. but i work too much to go
I should learn how to swim. \ yes you should. its not hard!
i am going on a cruise for my vacation next week , i cannot wait! \ I love cruises, where is your cruise headed?
i am going to cozumel \ Have you ever been there before?
I really get mad when my taxes are raised. \ Sorry to hear that. It's tough when unexpected things like that happen.
Yes and I was told they would be lowered. \ Man, the tax system needs a complete overhaul. Hope things work out for you in the future.
There was this last piece of cake that I was eyeballing, but my husband ate it! \ Did you tell him you wanted it?
Yes! I was so envious of him! It was my favorite flavor, too! Chocolate, oh well. \ Will he buy you a cake when you shop next time?
I know I will win Gold in the Olympics. \ You sound very confident! What sport do you play?
I compete in rowing. \ That sounds fun! I like boats, but I don't think I would be a good rower.
I think I am going to have to serve on a jury and I am terrified \ That will be no fun.
No.  I hope it isn't a murder trial or something heartbreaking. \ Don't you have to be selected first?
I am amazed that no one died in the plane crash. \ What plane crash are you referring to?
The one that occurred in the Alps last year. \ I never heard about it. I'm glad nobody died though!
My co worker is always sucking up to the boss and doing good work. I think he is trying to get promoted.  \ Why don't you do the same thing?
Well, I do my work as well as I can. But he just seems like he's trying to be better than everyone else. \ All you can do is keep working hard.
I put in vacation request since January for next week. And now they're telling me they're too busy to let me go. \ Oh no! Are they even allowed to do that?
I don't think I have a choice. Otherwise, I lose my job. \ That really sucks. I hate how employers expect us to work to death.
So, I got done with a game and I had a bat that sort of fell loose in the back of my car. It could have been bad since I didn't have the back on it, but luckily someone stopped me before I got on the highway! \ Oh wow. Glad that person helped you out there. 
Me too. It could have led to a very, very bad accident for someone else. \ Glad to hear there's still some good people out there.
I am so ready for my birthday party. \ Happy Birthday to You!  I love birthdays so much.  Just recently celebrated by youngest daughter's 14th birthday on August 9th and my granddaughter's 4th birthday on August 10th.  When is/was your birthday?
Mine is July 1st. Did you have a party for them? \ My daughter just had a nice birthday dinner with family.  My granddaughter had a couple of parties. What kind of party do you plan on having?
It's feel so strange going from a household of 8 and now down to 5 with 2 almost ready to leave.  My youngest just started high school. I imagine 4 more years and it will be just me. \ Won't you enjoy less chaos?
Definitely, you have a good point there.  I love my peaceful moments.  I just have very brief moments when I think of them all at home. \ The kids can always visit you.
I really don't like it when people talk on the phone when at the movies. \ Have you ever talked on the phone at movies yourself?
Never, I turn my phone off when I go to the movies. \ Well Its always fun to get the people on their phones thrown out of the movie theater
I just got a new pair of yeezy shoes and a clean hair cut. \ Nice, I wish I could get a pair of those shoes.
I feel on top of the world. I don't know whoever said things can't bring you happiness. They must never owned a pair of Yeezy's \ How much did you pay for them?
I was a little shocked when a storm came through recently a it hailed and damaged my vehicle a little! Luckily I have insurance at least.. \ That's awful! What kind of car do you have?
a nissan altima \ Those are good cars.  I have a volkswagen beetle and I love it!
I can't believe I lost at Bingo! I spent 40 dollars and didn't win a penny \ That sucks! i hate losing money as well. 
Yes, I swear there were 5 people sitting all around me that won several games.  It's just not fair. \ That's how I always feel at those things as well!
Have you ever been to the zoo just to realize that animals can be just as good as humans? \ I do enjoy the zoo and the animals. I think they could be just as good.
Yes, I am happy somebody shares this with me. \ I think it's a good outlook.
I'm supposed to cook dinner tonight but I have no idea what to cook. \ Make a pizza, it is a fail safe choice.
Hmm I suppose I could do that. Can never really go wrong with pizza. \ Yes, pizza with some olive oil and balsamic vinegar dipping. 
I almost adopted a child once, but now I'm glad I didn't do it, sometimes we should stay rational. \ Hopefully one day you might decide to choose otherwise or have a child of your own.
I don't know if this is something I'll ever be ready for. \ It's a tough choice to make, and not everyone has to raise a child.
I was a victim of a hit-and-run accident! I got hit the other day and the car just drove off! \ Did you get hurt or just your car?
Just my car got damaged badly. I was so upset, but luckily there was surveillance video at the nearby gas station. \ I hope they caught the guy.
Have you ever mistaken a situation for something it is not and was ready for anything? \ i can say that i have mistaken something for what it isnt. but not sure about the ready for anything
It's just that the other day I mistaken a guard for a tour guide and almost got in a fight. \ almost? so the situation resolved itself?
my favorite show tv is being canceled ! i already hate the idea if it :( \ I hope it's not Game of Thorns??
no..haha.its an obscure show called "what in the word" a quirky British comedy sitcom \ I need to look it up, never heard of it.
When taking the leash off my dog and he responds to all my commands and sticks with me everywhere we go. He's a good boy! \ That is a well trained dog, how did you get it to respond like that.?
He's just always been pretty well behaved and learned things easily \ My dog is the worst, Always crys, he is pretty young. But I wish he was like your dog.
I just went camping and build the warmest fire. \ I love a warm fire outside while camping! Sounds like a great time.
Yeah, I ended up falling asleep to the dying fire. I felt very safe and secure. \ Yes that sounds like a wonderful way to sleep.
She found someone else \ Uh oh, that sounds bad.  Is it your wife?
No. My girl friend \ Do you know who it is?
I have an interview with a local ad agency tomorrow. I hope I get it! \ What kind of interview?
An interview for a job. \ Really? That is cool
yesterday my family surprised me on my birthday \ How exactly?
well i came back from work kind of sad because i thought nobody remembered my birthday and as soon as i went inside they screamed happy birthday , not gonna lie i got really happy. \ I bet you needed help to take all the presents back home.
I got into a wrong part of town the other day, I was glad to get out from there. \ oh my god, how did you get out of there?
I realized I could walk very fast if I want to. \ that sounds great.
I was playing a game recently and it reminded me of my childhood. \ those are always good memories
Indeed, I can always cherish old memories like those. \ i agree. no one can ever take those from us
my brother moved to another state for work 6 months ago and hes been home sick. im going to make a suprise visit  with a massive care package with things from home that he misses \ Aw that sounds sweet. You're wonderful for doing that and I'm sure you can't wait to get there!
i cant wait. im taking my mother with me too. he will love it im sure \ I hope everything goes well for you!
I can remember feeling so disillusioned when someone who I really admired as a visionary turned out to be a real jerk on a day-to-day basis. \ That can really make you lose your faith in wanting to trust people
Well, it definitely makes you a little more realistic when you may be tempted to put someone on a pedestal. Not really fair to them *or* to yourself, is it? \ No not really because we are all human and make mistakes.
I moved to another state and my family was left behind \ Was that difficult? And is it your extended family, or your immediate family?
It was hard. I had never been away from them before that. \ I know that can be really tough. Sometimes, though, it can strengthen communication -- hopefully they've been able to visit?
In the past and even today I always felt strong in unfamiliar situations. \ That's a great asset to have emotionally I think.
I agree, although I don't really know if you can train yourself to be like that. \ Yeah it might just be something you're born with.
A bird crashed right into my window today. \ what kind, is she alive?
A bluejay I believe. No, it died on impact unfortunately. \ Too bad, is you window broken now?
I have old cassette player and music on it is much better than what I hear on a radio today.  \ I agree. Music used to have soul and good lyrics back in the day.
Yes, today it's just all about money and getting physical. \ Hopefully music nowadays can take a note from the good old days and change their tune.
I was driving and saw this guy dumping garbage on the side of the freeway. \ Did you threw it back into his car?
Nah, I was hoping a police officer could deal with how gross and wrong it is to do something like that. \ Unfortunately there are people like that in this world, but maybe they can change someday.
yesterday i went to the town where i grew up  \ how did that go? did it bring back a lot of memories?
it did, so much nostalgia! \ im glad to hear that. sounds like a great trip
my brother moved out of state 6 months ago for work and randomly showed up yesterday at my moms house, unannounced for a visit! \ were you happy to see him after that long time?
we were all very happy. even tho i talk to him every day, it was awesome seeing him \ seeing the people you love in real life feels always different, i'm glad you were happy!
So it was supposed to rain, but when I got out it was beautifully sunny. \ Almost sounds like the erratic weather that we have here in Georgia.  I don't mind the rain as long as I'm inside.  The sun is beautiful but sometimes it can be brutal when it starts to heat up.  Do you prefer sunny days?
Sun is what makes me alive, so definitely yes. \ I have to be very careful in the sun.  My allergies and the sun don't mix too well.  I can tolerate the rain much better.  I love the sound of water.
I am really into giving and receiving good customer service.  It's something about excellent customer service that really makes a different in your day. \ Yes, I think people that work these jobs should call in sick when they are not in a mood.
You definitely got a point there.  I know we all have our bad days but that does not give you a right to take it out on someone that is trying to patronize your business.  I have my favorite companies I buy from just to make sure that I leave away with a happy experience every time.  What about you? \ Same here, CS is just as important as the products we buy.
I just had to spend the night all alone in the house. The power was out and It was storming outside. \ That sounds like it could be quite a scary experience.
I started a small fire in the trash can to get some light. It almost started a fire. \ Oh yeah that's a bit dangerous. Candles are good to have on hang.
I'm going to watch a film this weekend, but I am not sure if I will like it. \ Did you end up reading any reviews on it first?
I didn't because I was afraid of some spoilers. Gonna go into it blind I guess. \ Well you should take a leap of faith and go in with an open mind.
When I walk past old people I feel fortunate that I'm still young. \ i can agree with that. i do feel the effects of age creeping up on me though
Yes, but this part is inevitable, for now let us enjoy our young years. \ def. make the best of them
i went to the store today, and when i got back to my car i realized i didnt pay for 2  12packs of soda \ Did you go back?
yes i did. i felt bad. the baby was crying and fussing while i was unloading the cart so i overlooked it. the manager told me to keep them because i was honest \ That was very nice of him.
My best friend unexpectedly gave me a gift the other day. I was very appreciative of their gesture. \ Great, for what store?
She actually made the gift herself. I really liked it a lot. \ It's rare this days for people to hand make gifts or anything.
When I feel an urge to get a girlfriend, I simply remember how nice it is to be independent. \ It's good to explore your own interests and what makes you grow on your own.
Yes, I still think that there are good and bad sides in both of these cases. \ Hopefully one day you will be willing to explore a relationship in a serious way.
I get angry when people don't use trash cans. \ I once volunteered to pick up trash on the side of the road. It's amazing how much people litter
Good for you, instead of tickets this should be a punishment for everyone. \ I wish. People might have more respect if they were forced to clean up other people's trash as well.
I did not get to go to out with my friends last night \ Why didn't you ?
I was too busy so I had to stay home instead \ Did they get mad at you?
We separated and she now  remarried  \ were you shocked it happened so fast?
I was full of surprise  \ best to block her in every way so you don't hear about her life
I'm a little worried about travelling to dubai \ Why are you worried?
These muslim countries can be a bit fanatic  \ That is true but Dubai is a bit better
I left my cell phone on the table at starbucks. \ Oh no! Was it still there when you went back?
Of course, I'm not worried no one would steal from me. \ You never know these days. Luckily there are cameras everywhere.
I am expecting a call from the doctor any day now. I am super nervous about it. \ What happend? Do you have test results pending?
Yes, and it could potentially be serious. I don't know what I will do if it goes bad. \ Well what you should do first is be with your family and those who care about you.
I was home alone and someone was in the carport looking in a window \ That sounds kind of suspicious.
I felt like I was going into panic mode. \ Oh no. Did anything happen?
I get hit on by a lot of girls, but I'm happy with the one I got. \ How do you respond to the girls who are hitting on you?
Tell them I've got a girlfriend, but they still come on pretty strong. \ Seems like you might be enjoying the attention.
I should really try to get a girlfriend or something. I just need to feel someone. \ Try online dating! Its actually really fun... have you tried it? 
Yeah I just feel like it is no use.  \ Dont feel that way... theres someone out there for everyone. Give it a try. :) 
The other day during breakfast my daughter started choking and I panicked.  \ Were you able to get her help in time! How is she doing?
Yeah I was able to get the food unlodged but wow it was super scary. Shes okay now thanks!  \ That is good to hear! Yeah situations like that can be really alarming.
I went backpacking a week ago \ Cool, where did you go?
I did a bit of the Appalachian Trail. Luckily, I had over-prepared as my flashlight had broken and it would have been difficult if I didn't have a spare \ This is a trail where you can walk for months?
When I wake up, the first thing I do is thank life for having another day to enjoy. \ Are you in a dangerous place?
No I'm not, but in away we all are in a very dangerous place, aren't we? \ I suppose so. It's great that you value life so much!
i was with my friend yesterday and by accident i spilled coffee on her laptop \ Oh no. Did it get ruined?
i got so embarrassed but thankfully it didn't get ruined \ Close call. I once spilt tea over my laptop and the keys were all sticky for a while
I can't help feel stressed about money \ why? are you having financial problems?
Yes I just had a major car repair and it took a massive chunk of my savings. $700 \ oh god , that sounds horrible but at least nothing bas happened to you!
I felt alone for those 3 weeks she went to visit family \ Oh no, what did you do to stay cheerful ?
lol I played xbox games \ Sounds good, when she got back I hope you schooled her on Halo ?
I was so happy to get home that day. \ I love coming home too. 
What is your favourite thing about your home ? \ I just love relaxing here. My favourite thing is no neighbours !
I did my professional certification  \ really? what was it about?
Cyber security  \ that sounds so interesting!
my grandmother passed away last week. \ Really? So sorry for the lose
i'm really sad because she used to help me with everything  \ Was she sick?
I'm going skydiving in a few days \ Is this your first time?  I know that is something that I would even ever consider.  My fear of heights would render me completely lifeless.  So are you doing the real skydiving or in one of these indoor skydiving places?
It's the real deal! Tied to another person. It is my first time, and believe me I am scared out of my mind...but you only have one life to try new things assuming you don't go splat :D \ Well, I am working my way up to taking a flight across the oceans perhaps one where I'm in a plane in the sky for over 8 hours.  Outside of that, I will give it to you that you are really brave.
I am so trying to find a creative way to make my son remember to take out the trash.  I'm wondering if it's just a man thing, a generational thing because I remember hearing my grandmother and my mom fuss about it.  Now it is my turn and I'm so over it. \ If your son is very young and you give him an allowance then tie it to that!
Well, he's 20 almost 21 now and I thought that as he grew older it would become automatic.  I don't want his potential wife to be frustrated by what should be automatic.   \ Haha sadly it does not. I still hold off on doing it in my own apartment at 26. Unless they are very young I don't think here really is a good way unless it smells
can you imagine how that made me feel \ how what made you feel? do tell
I was siiting beside a girl on the transit bus and she expelled gas and it stunk so bad that the person on the other side of her vomited ,5 minutes later she had the nerve to try and flirt with me and tried to get my phone number. \ wow!! that sounds horrible! i cant believe she even tried to get your number! did you give it to her? hahah
i moved into a new apartment yesterday. and while i was alseep last night i thought someone was breaking in..heard a lot of noise on my window \ man what happened next, i would have been looking for a place to hide
i saw a shadow and was feeling uneasy, then i saw ears..turns out it was a cat. the old tenant would feed a stray, so he would come by at nights and thats how he alerted that he wanted food.i was relieved \ I bet that was a relief and pretty funny when you look back on it.
My boss has been giving me hours I really want lately. \ That sounds like your job is going well.
They definitely like me there. \ I bet you feel really respected and welcome there.
So when I was younger, my aunt lived in California. We lived on the East Coast. My aunt invited my sister out to see her. \ That's great for your sister, but you must have felt left out.
Exactly. Even though I was just a little younger, I didn't get to go, too. \ Did she invite you another year?
Yes, but it was several years later. \ Did you have fun when you got to go?
Sure, it was fun, but I really wanted to go that previous time. \ I guess learning to appreciate positives and get past negatives is part of life :)
my kids conert was comping up so i bought the booklet of her play right before i went to the show \ What instrument do they yplay?
she was in a hamilton play for her middle school \ Oh that's great! You must be very proud.
I can't wait to go camping with my friends! \ do you have all your gear ready to go ?
I do. We are backpacking in to the woods. \ that sounds fun but dangerous at the same time, is it ?
Yesterday I left the office only to find that my car had a flat tire in the parking lot.  \ Oh no! You must have been pretty frustrated.
I was! Thankfully a coworker helped me change the tire. I don't know what I would've done without him! \ That's great that you had someone to help you.
So I have a vacation coming up in a few months. \ Oh yeah? Are you excited?
Quite. I've been planning it for months now. \ That's great. I hope you have a wonderful time.
I am sitting by the door waiting on my Plumber to show up. He is late. \ Oh no, i bet that is frustrating. Have you ever used him before?
He was here two days ago.  I am hoping he can fix the noise in my pipes today! \ I cant stand noisy pipes. I hope he is able to fix it for you. 
I planned a trip to go to Hawaii But due to volcano eruptions i had to cancel. \ That's a bummer. Sorry to hear that but I am sure you can reschedule, right?
Well it will be hard to reschedule at work. We only have limited vacation windows. Im so upset i wont get to go.  \ I would be to if I were in your shoes.  I would be very disappointed too.
I got a job offer but, i'm not sure if I should take it.  \ How come?
Similar pay, possibly more room for advancement but, I don't know anyone that works there.   So I could be moving over to a place with similar pay  benefits and stepping into some sort of fresh hell \ That's definitely concern. Is there no more room for advancement at  your current job?
I haven't heard from my girlfriend in 2 weeks. Wonder what's going on? \ I hate to say it but, I think that ship has sailed.  She's either dead or not your girlfriend anymore. 
I was afraid of that. \ Women, amirite? 
I was eating lunch with family the other day when my mom ordered a pasta that smelled and looked great. \ Awesome, I love pasta. 
I like it too, but I was surprised at hers because it made me want to change my order. \ What did you have?
I got drunk last night and texted my boss. \ Lol that sounds wild, did you text them something appropriate?
Oh no, I told him what was wrong with his management style.  \ Hopefully he can take constructive criticism, I think more people should be open to that.
I locked my keys in the car and didnt have a spare one. \ That's the worst! What did you do?
Luckily there was a police officer near by and he helped me get it unlocked i was so happy.  \ Saved you the money from having to call pop a lock.
My little boy started Kindegarten today and I already feel all alone. \ Awww how sweet. is he your only child? It does get easier....
No I have 3, he is my youngest son. \ I felt the same way when my youngest started school. They grow up so fast. 
My manager is wasting my time with stuff that is not related with work. I can not make progress in my work. \ I just cannot understand why people won't do their job properly, I had to cut my lunch break in order to do more work
I am having the same issue. Then my manager is asking me to respect deadlines. \ That is so sad, they don't seem to understand workers.
I was helping my sister to look for her card, even though I knew she wasn't going to find it  \ That is nice from you. What card is it?
It was her credit card, I borrowed it without telling her \ Why did you do that?
My son ran over my neighbor's cat on accident the other day. He's only 16, learning to drive still. I think my neighbor is going to try to get physically abusive with him. Not sure what to do \ Oh wow, that sounds unfortunate. Is there no way to ask the neighbor to take it easy?
We think he might have some sort of mental illness. He doesn't really want to listen to reason. I'm a single mother, can't exactly physically intervene in this situation with the best of results. Don't have any family I can call to have them come around either. Can't exactly have the police on-call for something that hasn't happened yet. Don't know what t do! \ That sounds terrible. I hate to hear single mothers dealing with extra problems like these. If anything I would advise your son to be careful and defend himself.
My mom made a chocolate cake the other day and it reminded me of the one I had at my 8th birthday party. \ Aw, good on her. I bet she knew exactly how it would make you feel, too. Things people do personally themselves always have the better result.
I agree, it really took me back. \ Now it's your turn! Surprise her with something that will remind her of something special too. People hate to hear it, but our parents are only with us for so long, and when they're gone we have so many regrets. Use that as a motivator
Really tired of the person in my life continuing to repeat the same mistakes. \ I know that feeling, so frustrating!  Do you think there's a chance the person will change?
I have no idea..but they have behaved as if they would in the past and never stuck too it! I don't know how much more I can take of this. \ I'm sorry!  Maybe you could try distancing yourself from this person, you have to protect yourself first.
I was overcharged on my water bill by 200%, during a time I was on an especially tight budget. \ Oh god..They do that to me TOO! And we have poison water! Are they going to fix it?
Yeah, they admitted it was a problem on their end and reversed the charge.  I had to waste literally hours on the phone with them! \ Oh..the phone part is the worst! And being transferred and re-telling the story! I am glad they reversed it though! Most companies won't!
Really sick of going through the same thing with a person who is in my life. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have a plan to change things?
yes, I have. They have been thrown out..and they have to change to ever even get a moment from me..However...I let them back in for a second and they did the same crap again... It's making me quite angry when they lie to me. \ That's terrible, but good for you for having a plan. You'll get through it, your happiness is the most important thing!
I was really excited to see that an ex coworker of mine moved back to town as was working with me once again.  \ Oh that is nice! Why did they move back?
Yea! They had moved away to take care of a sick relative, but the relative was doing much better and they missed being here so they came back. \ Oh fantastic! I am sure they are happy to be home.
I entered a contest and I didn't win. \ That's a bummer. It's never fun to not win.
No it isn't. I felt like I put a lot of effort into it too. \ Hopefully you'll have better luck next time!
I recently changed jobs for a better opportunity with more pay. I'm very pleased with the new job, but I did feel bummed about leaving my former co-workers behind. We had a good time and I liked those kids. \ That happens sometimes but I'm sure you will make a lot of new friends in your new job.
Oh yeah, it's been good so far. Plus, we have social media to keep in touch. \ That is good, maybe you can still hang out with them outside of work.
My cat jumped up on the mantle and destroyed my mothers old vase. I am so distraught because that vase is over 50 years old. \ Could it be fixed at all? 
It broke apart into many pieces. Its been in the family for so long. \ I am sorry to hear that but luckily noone got hurt.
we changed our internet provider last week and the connection is horrible. \ That's not good, we ended up lucky with who we have 
i wish we did too.. but it's okay  \ Maybe you can find another one or go back to your previous company. Have you double checked with the company to make sure everything is ok? 
I usually don't feel the greatest because of health problems.  \ what kind of health problems ?
Blood pressure and crohns disease, as well as, a few minor ones. Not sure why but today I feel really good! Slept well, woke up happy and energized \ i'm glad you feel good today!
The church bought us meals after my husband broke his back in a car accident. \ Oh no. I'm so sorry to hear that and glad people at your church are there for you.
They were really great and so was the food. My kids didn't want them to stop bringing it. \ hahaha must be some really great cookers. How many kids do you have?
Been waiting to hear back from my wife. She's at the doctor getting checked, and we've been trying for a baby for a long time. \ That is so tough. I always feel bad when people have a hard time conceiving because it was so easy for me.
We're trying and remain hopeful. How many kids do you have? \ I have 4 kids. I wish you all the best of luck and will pray for you. Kids are so much fun. Mine are all almost grown now.
You wanna know why I'm not worried about nuclear armageddon? Because I bought a school desk at one of the district auctions, and all I have to do is duck and cover and nuclear fire won't touch me. \ lol! I remember those drills when I was a kid!
Ahh, then you know exactly what I mean. I don't see a single thing wrong with my plan. I'm not sure why everyone is so worried about North Korea or Iran or Russia or something when it's just like...get a school desk. It's not hard, people. \ And your largest hardback book will protect you from a tornado as long as you put it over your head and sit in the hall!!
I have a job interview next week. I'm really nervous. \ That's normal. Try to just be your self. I'm sure it will work out fine.
I'm hoping for the best, but not getting my hopes up too high. I need a new job!! \ Amen, me too.   I hate my current job.
Good friends are invalueble. \ The most unfortunate part is as you get older you tend to have more distance between you and your friends just because of college and job locations. I try to communicate through text or calls as often as I can
I woke up this morning and found my truck had a flat tire. \ Was it a slow leak or was it somethign else?
Not sure I just aired it up then I had to jet to work.  I've got a small compressor. I'll deal with it later. \ As long as you have an easy way to fill it up.
I lost my wallet the other day. i was very upset. I didn't even expect to find it but i got a call this morning and some old man told me he found it and he wants to return it to me! My faith in humanity is restored \ That's great news! I find most people are good, honest folk. It's the few rotten ones that make us forget that.
that's true! I'm going to meet this man today after work and i will definitely give him a small gift  \ That's so nice of you. As I said, most people are very nice. You at least now have peace of mind.
This is going to sound really pathetic, but I'm so happy my new upholstery/carpet cleaner arrived today. Now I can clean! \ It's not crazy! I'm all about cleaning up. I LOVE the smell of clean house
Me too. I live in a first floor apartment and it gets so dusty. Now I'll be able to clean the carpet and the couch! Funny how some strange things lift your spirits. \ I find it very satisfactory to clean and vacuum :) I bet it will smell so good
I haven't slept in 3 days, yet don't feel tired. \ Wow, Did you see a doctor?
No, I will force myself to sleep soon. \ That is good.
I am getting ready for my mid year work review. \ Do you expect it to be positive?
I hope so. I have being working very hard to have a very positive review. \ If your review is good, could you get a bonus?
My son is a high school baseball player. Last summer we started working on his recruiting process. I'll never forget taking him to his first recruiting camp -- I knew he had talent and was so hopeful that all would go well.  \ That sounds very exciting -- if nervewracking! How did it go for him? (And you ;-))
I thought I'd die of nerves, but it went great! He is a pitcher and had a rough warm-up in the bullpen, so I was worried. But when it was his turn to take the mound, it went great!  \ That is the *best* feeling seeing hard work pay off! You much have been so happy for and proud of him!
As a kid, I was SO frightened any time there was a tornado warning. Not sure if it was the Wizard of Oz effect or what -- I just remember being frozen with fear. \ Oh, wow! My son was terrified of tornadoes because of that darn movie, and we don't really even get tornadoes where we live! Did you ever live through a tornado?
That's the thing -- NO! I mean, there were some that were kind of close -- but NOTHING like what so many folks have to deal with. I just remember wanting a basement sooooo badly -- not something that's common where I grew up! \ Aw, poor little thing! How did you overcome this? Or, are you still afraid of them?
My mom said the best thing once when I was babysitting and a tornado warning went off and I didn't want my own fear to affect the little boy I was with -- she was on the phone and just said "You have big plans for the future, right? Nothing is going to get in the way of that." For some reason, it worked a charm ;-) \ Your mom sounds awesome!  Wow, what a cool thing to say!  
I'm so relaxed right now. My daughter is asleep and my son is at school. \ That is good, are you going to have a nap?
No, I don't like taking naps. \ What do you do to relax?
I know I will meet my sales quota this month. \ That's great. Do you get a bonus?
Yes, I get a commission. \ That's great. What do you sell?
I just finished a semester of college. I can't wait to get my grades. \ That must be such a relief to get another semester behind you. It's hard waiting to get your grades though I'm sure.
It is a relief. I know my grades will be good. \ Best wishes to you on your upcoming courses. I have a feeling you will be very successful.
My daughter is doing such a great job juggling so many things after having a baby that was premature. \ That's good. I know that would be difficult.
She really has become such a good mom. I must have done something right ha ha \ That is great. I am sure you are proud and you should be!
I'm going through a lot right now. i usually don't like talking about it but i felt like i really need to talk it out. Yesterday my friend called me and i just started talking about everything. it felt good \ Well, it is good you have a friend that is so close to you that you feel comfortable sharing with them. 
yes! i feel like we got closer to each other. i finally found somebody i can really trust \ Trust is a hard thing to find, I am so glad you found this bond with this person.
I was one of three finalists for a job promotion where I work. I have more than double the other candidates experience, so I feel really good about my odds. \ that's wonderful! I hope you will get that promotion! What do you do?
I am a electrical engineer with more than 15 years experience. I have a really good feeling that I am going to get this job. \ Good luck! Whenever you get that promotion we should go celebrate
My partner is being a big fat jerk. \ That's so annoying. Maybe you should leave earlier next time too.
What does that have to do with what I said??? I really don't think I can deal with his childish crap anymore and lies. \ oh
feeling happy \ About what/
my favort team won the foot ball macth \ I am not really a football fan but it is fun to be a part of something!
I was very positively surprised by the work made by a co-worker. \ Really?  What did they do to impress you so much?
She created a software that use artificial intelligence. The software will help us detect fraud. It is great application. \ Wow!  That sounds amazing and complicated!  Now I understand why you were positively surprised!
I am finally getting to go to the Harry Potter attraction at Universal Studios! I love the movies and can hardly wait! \ That is great. Did you watch all Harry Potter movies?
I have and many times over!  That is why I am so excited to go! \ I like also a lot Harry Potter movies.
i can't wait for summer to finish , i love winter so much \ I agree, plus I love making snowmen! 
snowmen are my favourite!  \ I always get sad though when they melt 
I spent hours yesterday going through old photos from my childhood. \ did it bring a lot of memories?
Yes, it did. I felt so nostalgic because I remembered those wonderful days, \ yeah there's nothing like the good old days
I fell asleep at my friend's house and they shaved half my beard off of my face while I was sleeping. Now I look stupid and have to shave it all off! I've had one for the past 10 years. So stupid \ Well, that wasn't a very nice thing to do! Think of it as getting a new beard, rather than losing the old friend.
Yeah, but I had been growing it for a long time! And I feel like my face looks so stupid without one.. I guess I only have to wait a few weeks before I at least get a little coverage. But more importantly, not sure if I want to hang out with these people anymore, and I don't know if I'm overreacting \ I don't think you're overreacting. That is something important to you and they should have realized that. Maybe it's time for new friends?
It could be.. These are guys I've known since high school. Unfortunately, they haven't really grown up since then. \ Yeah, I have a few "friends" like that. We hang out now and again, but there are others I'd rather spend my time with.
I'm moving into a new apartment soon. I do hope that the neighbors are nice and quiet. \ That's always both an exciting time and a nerve-wracking time. I'm in college and I had to move the past two years in a row. This year, I decided I kinda had enough and would just stay put, even though the apartment was just so-so. Do you like it well enough even if the neighbors may give you trouble?
Not really, but my current upstairs neighbors are awful and I feel it'd be worth moving just to get away from them! \ Oh yeah, I know the type. Where they sound like they're having a parade at 3AM. Sorry you had to go through that. Luckily (or unluckily, if you want to see it that way) I have a loud window AC unit in my apartment, so even if they did make noise, I couldn't hear them over it!
My sister threw a party for me a few months ago. \ That's nice of her.  What was the occasion?
My bridal shower. I thought I was just going over to have dinner there. \ Ha that's nice of her! Well if you haven't had your wedding yet, I hope it turns out super nice!
My friend just bought a really nice house that he can barely afford. \ That must be stressful to your friend.
Ah it's no big deal.  I'm super happy with my humble dwellings. \ That's good that you are content with what you have. 
My bag split open at a coffee shop other day. Everything dropped loudly onto the floor. \ Omg that must have been really embarrassing. Did anyone came to your rescue?
No, I just had to pick it all up and... obviously I ran out as fast as I could. \ Haha. I can just imagine you running away. 
My friend gave me flowers and chocolate \ Oh that is so nice! Was it a special occassion?
No it wasn't and I wasn't expecting it because we are just mutual friends. \ That's lovely. I love when people just give small gifts to each other for no reason.
Lately, I've been feeling enthusiastic that I have good things coming my way. I'm a Christian, and I've been praying about it a lot. \ Hows that working out for you.
Well, right now things are tough, but I have faith that everything works together for good for those who love God. \ I once lost a wallet with a heavy sume of ash in it and I tried to have faith tht I would find it or some I trusted would find it and return it back to me.
Did I tell you about the time I lost my wallet. \ Yes, you were just mentioning it. What happened?
Well it happened at a realtives house I thought I could trust but I found out different and it made want  to pull my hair out. \ Did you have your wallet returned to you? If it's your relative I think that everything should work out for good.
I'm sitting my friend's house while she's on vacation. While mowing her lawn, a rock hit her window. I feel so bad. \ Oh no what kind of damage was done?
The crack is pretty significant. Air gets in the house. Possibly rain. \ Did you tell her? She may want you to go ahead and get it fixed.
I spent an evening recently with my Mom looking through old pictures \ Must've felt really nostalgic.
It was interesting how seeing the pictures can take you back to that moment in time. \ Do you get to see your mom often?
I was so proud this morning when  my little boy got on the bus with no problems. \ Oh that is so wonderful! How old is he?
He is 5 years old. \ That's so sweet. 
My friend was sick the other day and I made her soup. \ That was nice of you. What kind of soup.
It is my trademark... Cream of celery... It is sooo much better than the canned stuff. \ That sounds really good!
So my husband left yesterday on a work trip, and I miss him a lot more than I thought I would. \ Where did he go? Is he calling you?
He will when he gets time I think. I thought I'd enjoy the time alone, but I'm just lonely. \ I understand.
One of my cowokers is always talking to me about stuff that is not related to work. I can't make progress in my work. \ That's annoying. Have you talked to your boss about it?
We have the same manager. I don't want to make trouble. I need to find a way to tell her nicely. \ That can be tough. Hopefully she'll understand.
I've been trying to lose weight for a while but I think I've finally gotten to where I can make lunches that are healthy but I still want to eat, and I don't feel like I'm starving literally all the time. \ Oh that is great! I have had great success doing keto and fasting for not feeling so hungry! Carbs and sugar do me in! What kind of lunches do you make?
I've never tried Keto, but my roommate actually is on a keto diet and it's been doing very good for him. And for lunches I like wraps a lot since you can change up what you put in them but they're never going to be that bad of a lunch. \ true! I don't mind the same things. You can do healthy, it just takes more prep and ingredients sometimes to do it tasty and healthy
When I found out I was betrayed..it was like being shot in the stomach...there is almost no worse feeling besides losing someone \ That's horrible! What happened to you? Who stabbed you in the back?
My partner. He has impulse control issues...and there is just nothing worse...especially coming from someone you love! \ That's really difficult to deal with. When you love someone, you lower your guard for that person and more than anyone else they're the ones that can hurt you the most. I hope you find a resolution to your problem.
I am finally going to be able to afford to get my new piercing soon. I have been wanting it for soo long. \ That sounds interesting, I would love to get a piercing. Where will you be getting the piercing?
I am going to be doing a double nose piercing. So two in one nostril \ Darn it! I have never seen that before, now I am would like to see what it looks like
I purchased a washer/dryer combo at and they came with dents. \ Oh no! I would be so angry! 
I was so upset, I demanded a refund, which they refused to do.  \ That's so wrong. Id speak to a supervisor
Last week I was walking and talking to one of my coworkers and I stepped into a hole I did not see on the job site. I ended up falling and spilling hot coffee all over myself in front of our client. \ Ouch! Did they try to help you back up?
Yeah, my coworker did, but the damage had already been done. Pretty big shot to the ego to look like such a fool in front of your client. \ Of course! Well, at least you also looked human. We all make mistakes.
My friend recently got to meet adam scott. He is one of my favorite actors. \ Wow, I bet he was really surprised he got to meet him. What did he think of him in person?
Said he is the same as on the podcasts. Funny and smart \ That's great. It's good to see celebreties be the same in real life as they are on the internet or TV.
We have had a record number of tornadoes in my area so far this year. My son really hates going into the basement while it is storming outside. \ That sounds really scary!  Is your son afraid or is he use to it?
He is only three, so it is pretty scary for him each time. I hate to see him that way. \ I would hate that as well. I hope he learns to cope with it.
I was flying back from Boston a couple weeks ago and there was some insane turbulence! I had never been so scared in my life! \ Oh god, I hate flying. I always seem to get the plane that ends up having some issue.
Yeah, and it doesn't help that the news seems to be reporting on plane accidents all the time! \ Yeah, I will drive almost anywhere rather than fly if I can.
I walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down. \ Haha.. I'm sorry, that made me laugh a little bit. I do that sometimes too, and have no idea how I can forget so many times. I think at least if it happens, almost no one can really tell or notice, if that helps.
Unfortunately I had my shirt tucked in and I was wearing skinny jeans so everyone noticed they just didn't tell me.  I was wearing my superman undies too so it was extra noticeable...humiliating. \ Well, you could have been going commando, too. And shame on them for not letting you know. Let's focus on the positives--you can pull off skinny jeans, and you're interesting enough to want to wear Superman underwear. Keep it up
Over 20 years ago, when I was a cashier, I used to take money from the cash register and cover up my tracks. I was never caught. Sometimes I feel bad about it, other times I don't \ Did the company not pay you well enough?
Well, it was just a minimum wage job that I was working as a young punk kid trying to make some spending money during the summer. I just didn't take it or myself seriously, and didn't really think about repercussions. One of the only reasons I feel bad is that the owner of the store was a nice person \ Well, that was a long time ago, I don't think you need to carry it around with you anymore, unless you're still doing it.
I opened a corn on the cob and there were worms in it. I hate bugs. \ Gross. What did you do?
Threw it out right away. I was sad because I love good corn. \ i think you could have removed them and still ate it. isnt that normal for them to have bugs in them sometimes?
My daughter just got accepted into the National Junior Honor society. \ That is amazing! I bet she had to work hard for that.
She has. She is such a serious student. I am very amazed at her hard work.  \ That's great. I think education is more important than ever
My sister in law irritates me to no end.  I wish my husband would talk to her, but in their family the rule of law is "don't make waves".  It's ridiculous. \ I'm sorry to hear that, hopefully she naturally mellows out.
No, I don't think so.  She's 45 and cannot raise her kids.  She lives with my mother in law, and my MIL houses them, feeds them, clothes them, basically raises them, while my sister in law takes no responsibility. \ Wow, that doesn't sound good. Situations like this are hard because you probably don't want to offend your family and stuff.
My nephew just said his first words last week. \ How exciting!  I remember when my girls said their first words!  What was his first word do you know?
He was saying da da, so we count that as dad. I love that little guy. \ Yeah, that seems to be what a lot of little ones say for their first word.  Something about it being easier than ma ma - congrats to the little tyke!
My sister graduated with a Master's degree \ wow, good for her! I'm sure she worked really hard to get a degree
Oh yes many sleepless nights. She is very deserving of that degree.  \ i'm sure she will be able to find a really great job now !
my wife is so cranky today. she keeps complaining about every little thing! And it's my day off, so it's very annoying \ I am so sorry that you have to go through that on your day off. Just try to be nice to her.
I am! I even tried asking her why she is so cranky. she says she is fine but it doesn't look like it. she just keeps snapping on me over nothing \ Maybe you need to go to the store and bring her flowers and chocolate
My friend just got a job paying 20k more than me. I've got more experience \ That sucks.  If it makes you feel even slightly better,  the dumbest, most imcompent coworker I have makes more than me... because you know.. nepotism.
Oh I'm glad someone understands. \ Yeah, its infuriating.
My sister had a miscarriage :( \ Oh no. I'm so sorry.
Yeah, it sucks.  They've been trying for years. \ I hope time will heal, and they don't lose hope.
I had a client meeting in Dallas, and as I was driving to the airport I heard there was going to be a lot of storms we'd be flying through. I ended up renting a car because I hate flying so much in just calm weather. \ That is a lot of extra money to spen, but it is completely understandable it you are that nervous about it.  Have you ever looked into calming medications, or meditation to help your nerves?
I have, but they only cut down the anxiety instead of making it go away completely. Something about hurdling towards earth at a rapid pace in a large metal box alarms me. \ I completely understand that.  My mother in law used to have really bad anxiety about flying, but she did hypnosis and it really helped. 
My girlfriend wants me to go to Thanksgiving at her parents this year, but I haven't even met them yet. \ I don't envy you there. I have done the blind family meeting at a holiday dinner before. It's nerve racking. 
I feel a little nervous about it but my girlfriend doesn't understand.  She is starting to get irritated that I haven't given her my yes or no yet.  It is putting a strain on things. \ Well, my advice is to give in now, because you probably will in the end anyway and avoid any extra arguing you two would do because of it.
My dog has to go stay at the doggie daycare for a couple of days so I can go to a wedding. Im scared that she will think I am leaving her there and never coming back and I dont want her to feel that way. \ Oh no, I am so sorry you have to leave your furbaby! Give her lots of extra snuggles and explain to her that you will be back and I am sure she will be delighted to see you upon your return!! Have you ever left her before?
I know I just wish I knew if she could understand what I am saying to her. No I have never left this one before, shes 3 years old. I know it would be better if someone she knew could watch her but I couldn't find anyone. \ I believe dogs can understand what you tell them, they understand if we say treat or ride after all lol. Maybe you could send a small blanket that smells like you or an old tshirt you have worn to bed. That may help her to feel more comfortable!
Two years ago we decided to sell off almost everything we owned and move into our RV so we could travel full-time. I was really scared and worried about literally everything lol. \ Oh wow that is a huge commitment! How did it go?
It has been amazing! We have enjoyed every minute of the last 2 years. My kids are seeing and experiencing things that they may have never been able to see or do.  \ That is really awesome! Im glad it all worked out for you!
My son is in his last year of high school. \ That's awesome!  Does he have any plans for what he's doing after high school?
He is going to college and already has classes picked out for his degree. He is doing great! \ That's great to hear!  Good luck to him!
Sometimes I look at old pictures of times in my life and kind of wish I could go back for a while.  Do you ever feel like that? \ Yes I feel like that every time I look at old pictures!
It's good to know others feel the same.  I mean, I love my life right now, but sometimes it would be nice to go to something simpler for a bit. \ I agree and time jut goes by too fast!
This weekend, I am going to help my friend move to his new home. \ Awesome! What does his new house look like?
It is a big house with a pool. I like it. \ Oh a pool! Inground or above ground?
The trash guys took only half of my trash and left a big tire too and they are supposed to take one tire per month! \ Why did they left half of the trash?
No idea! They have lazy issues and it drives me crazy as it's included in my taxes. \ Did you complain to municipality?
I was working the other day and my supervisor comes up to me out of nowhere, calls the entire department over and just started yelling at me for about an hour. \ That's awful, what was he yelling at you about?
He thought I had messed up an order, but it was his new golden boy that had messed it up.  I took the fall, though, because it was my last day there.  I really wanted to lay the guy out though. \ LOL.  Yeah, been there. Even when those guys do that and are wrong they typically never apologise. They just pretend like they weren't acting like a jerk.
I got off work at 10am today! Time to head to the beach. \ AHHHHHHHHHH!  That is amazing.  I am so jealous of you.  Where are you going?
Crystal beach! \ Where is that?
Near galveston,tx. \ Have fun!  I'm sure you will.
My internet company tried to not send someone out to fix my internet. It hasnt worked for 3 months \ Ah thats so bad. why not raise a complaint
Well I had to talk to a supervisor. It was clearly an issue on their end, and they could see it. \ Hope it get resolved soon
i missed my purse in the bus. I am afraid how i will go home \ Oh no! Do they have. alost and found?
no they don't some one stole it seems \ I hope you can figure it out soon!
My brother took SAT test lately and received 2000 as his final score. I was very surprised and was not expecting it from him at all \ Oh nice.  Is he the type to tone himself down in social settings...but he's secretly a wiz kid
Generally, he is not that much an attentive person. And for him to receive such a high score is quite unusual \ Well gotta watch out for him...it's the quiet unassuming ones that are usually full of surprises
Overtly superficial people tick me off.  They're nice to you in person but talk crap behind your back that's what you call a two-faced friend \ I call them hypocrites. They take advantage of people whenever it suites their needs. Can't stand the presence of such people
Yup exactly.  Especially when you're keeping it real.  The least you could do is return the favor \ I knew a couple of people whom I suspected of fitting the description we talked here. And I tried to stay away from them as much as i could
I just got a new puppy on my birthday. It was a surprise from my girlfriend. He's awesome! \ I love dogs, and have three myself. What type of breed is the puppy?
Dachsund. He's black with brown splotches. \ I have two wiener dogs, and they are both spoiled brats, but I love them. You should be very happy with your girlfriend's choice of gifts.
Last month, this area got pounded with rainfall. My entire home town was flooded and declared a disaster area. \ Wow. That's intense. Did your home get any damage?
No, I move away from there some years ago, but I hate seeing the place I grew up basically destroyed now. \ Yeah. I feel for you. It hurts to lose things like that.
I walked into class yesterday fully unprepared for our final exam. \ Oh no!  What happened?  Do you think you did ok anyway?
I did terrible, I will most likely have to take the course again. \ That's sad to hear :(  That happened to me before and I came out ok in the end, I'm sure you will too :)
I was looking at old pictures the other day and kind of wishing I could go back to those times in my life. \ Do you reach out to your friends from your childhood?
As much as I can, but some have gotten far enough away that I'm not sure how to track them down anymore. \ Exhaust all options, social media is a big way to stay connected
I talked to my brother the other day. We don't talk much and I miss him. \ I know how you feel, my brother is my best friend but I only talk to him about once a month because he is so busy.  Where is your brother now?
He lives a couple of states away. He is also crazy busy. \ Well, I hope you get to talk to him more and maybe can get over there for a visit!
I went to the grocery store the other day and pushed a cart into a parked car on accident, but I didn't say anything. \ Oh no! Did it leave a dent?
A dent and a scratch.  I feel bad about it, but I couldn't pay for it, so I didn't know what to do. \ I know how you feel. If I had an accident like that I wouldnt be able to pay either.
I had a major project and felt very ready to present it to everyone at the office \ How'd it go
It went well, I think I gained confidence by being so prepared \ That's great. Do you present often?
I cheated on my girlfriend. \ Why did you cheat on her? 
Heard she cheated on me, but I should have broken up first. \ Sometimes, it feels good to get revenge
My friends and I had a poker tournament this past weekend.  \ Nice! How'd you do
I won the whole thing. After the first hand I knew I would. \ That's pretty awesome.  How much richer are you now
Pisses me off when someone interrupts me in the middle of a sentence. Throws off my whole train of thought then I forget what I was gonna say \ Did this happen recently?
Yes but I told them to let me finish and they did haha \ That is good that the person was courteous. That may not happen everytime
My little brother go in a car crash over the weekend. \ I'm sorry to hear that,  Was it his fault?
Yes he was texting and driving. While I know he is at fault I was still upset. He is ok now though \ That's good to hear. How did the other person fare?
My next door neighbor just bought the truck I wanted for myself. \ Are you jealous by this or does it make you angry?
jelly for real. \ Are you going to be able to purchase the truck for yourself anytime soon?
Wednesday is halfway through the week.  \ True. Do you have any plans for the weekend? 
I am going to the lake, I am looking forward to it. \ That sounds fun. I love going to the lake its so relaxing. 
It was my 40th birthday and my coworkers threw me a party. I had no idea! \ That is awesome that you have such friendly coworkers!
I do. I was so surprised they did something so nice for me.  \ Make sure you give each of them a thank you card
I heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. \ Did you find out what it was
Yeah it was actualy a bird that flew into a window and died, pretty weird. \ Haha that's pretty funny
Woke up feeling awesome.  I'm thankful for my mental and physical health in general. Know some friends who aren't as lucky \ I'm glad you're feeling well, it's always important to make your health a priority, without our health we have nothing!
Exactly.  I go to the gym at least 6 times a week and notice it plays a big role in lifting my mood \ You sound very dedicated, that's great you're so focused on your health, you will age gracefully I'm sure!
I saw a kid with boogers caked on his nose at the grocery store and his parents weren't doing anything about it. \ That's disgusting. What kind of parent lets their child run around like that.
I don't know, I had a really hard time finishing my grocery list after I saw that. \ Yeah, really makes you want to touch anything in a store with booger hands wandering around putting his hands on everything.
My birthday isn't for another two weeks, but my wife gave me my gift early yesterday. She bought me a brand new laptop because mine was getting old and slow. \ That is awesome.  Happy Birthday!  What kind is it?
It's a Dell with a I7 and 8 gigs of ram, even has a Nvidia graphics card. She pretty much know what I wanted. \ Is that a gaming computer?
Last weekend I went car shopping at my local BMW dealership and saw someone leaving in a brand new i8! I want that car so bad! \ Sweet! Wouldn't mind one myself. What do they cost new?
Way more than I can afford.  After taxes and everything you are looking at around $150K!  I wish I was the guy that had just bought it! \ Woah! I could live for ten years on that. Hope you wrote down his tag - maybe you could sweet-talk him into going for a drive!
Sometimes I'm just surprised and amazed at the kindness of others. Recently, one of the maintenance men in our complex delivered a package to me, without my saying anything! \ Wow!  What was in the package?
It was a carpet/upholstery cleaner and is quite heavy. I'm disabled, so wouldn't have been able to carry it. They don't normally do deliveries, so I thought that was really nice of him to do that. \ That was really nice!  What a wonderful surprise!  This act of kindness helps to restore my faith in humanity.
Many years ago, I fell in love with a beautiful woman with whom I was totally entranced. We were together for about three months, then she suddenly cut things off. She had told me she loved me. But in our final conversation, she denied ever having said so.  \ That is really mean. I am sorry.
It was a long time ago. It took a long time to get over her, though. I've never again been as deeply in love as I was with her.  \ That is so sad. Have you seen or heard from her again?
My little sister has to sleep in my room this week while we have company over. \ Do you think she will keep you awake? How old is she?
She is 11 and always goes through my stuff and uses my makeup. It gets on my nerves. \ Maybe you can hide some of your things, or put them in a safe place. 
I lost my cat three months ago. I found her sitting on the porch yesterday. I thought for sure I would never see her again. \ That is so amazing.  Animals have an amazing ability to find their way home.  I wonder if it was out there having a Homeward Bound style adventure.
I have no idea where or what she was up to. I couldnt believe it when I saw here there. \ That is so great, I'm glad you got your little friend back.
A friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on Google stock and is a multi-millionaire. \ Oh that would kill to see. Maybe he will hook you up.
I don't think so we haven't really stayed in touch.  I didn't even know he knew anything about stocks. \ I would be very jealous. Dont let it get to you too much. At least it doesnt seem like you see him all that often.
I found some photos of my father from when he was my age. \ Thats awesome. Do you look like him?
I do look a little like a somewhat taller version of him. \ That is really nice to have found. I hope you hold onto them in a safe place.
I have been travelling for three months now. I am really missing my friends and family right about now. \ A little homesick?  Are you traveling for vacation or for work?
Im on vacation. The place Im staying at is really empty so Im just thinking of home a lot. \ I understand how you feel.  Maybe its time to change locations?
Last month our area received record amounts of rainfall. The river that is down from my house backed up so bad it flooded my entire house destroying practically everything. \ Sorry to hear about that. Are the damages covered by an insurance?
Yes, we had insurance that is going to cover it, but it still sucks start from ground zero. Plus, insurance can't really replace some things. \ I understand. It is always difficult to start from ground zero. Good luck.
My neighbor killed his wife, a year ago. I would sleep during that period of time. I was shocked and afraid. \ Oh my god, that is terrible. Has it affected you knowing you slept through that kind of event right next door?
Yes, it affected me. I had to move to another appartment to feel more confortable and forget the event. \ I would have as well. I am sorry that happened to you and I hope you can learn to sleep peacefully again.
Got a raise at my job. Now making 20k more. \ How did you get the raise?
I got promoted. \ What did you do that got you the promotion? 
I was walking home late at night and noticed I was being followed \ Oh no, what happened?
I ended up running back to my place \ Glad you are safe!
My friend and I used to play nintendo all day long. it was fun! We used to play ninja turtles and other fun games. Gosh, i miss her so much \ Nice do you still keep in touch with her
yes but she lives in a different country, different time zone so we barely have time to talk. I wish she lived closer \ Well if you stay in touch then I'm sure she'll come back...but in the meantime try to take your mind off her or get involved in something fun so you have cool stories to tell her
If I'm going to be in a relationship I need girl I can depend on, not some effed up crazy damaged goods type of girl I can't trust \ Yes, it's important to find somebody who you will be able to trust and also somebody who will love you for being you
Yes, glad you agree....I was an idiot and mistook a deadly combo of pity and infatuation for love...but now I know what to avoid and what I want so I'm thankful \ that's great to hear! I hope you will meet your true love soon! I believe when you do you will now right away. When i met my husband i knew right away he is the one. such a strange feeling. But we've been married for 5 years now and still crazy about each other
For me, one of life's greatest pleasures is to be sitting on my porch with a good book and a glass of wine. \ What book do you enjoy reading?
Lots of things. I like historical novels and legal dramas best. What about you? Does reading give you a sense of relaxation? \ No, actually I'm under a lot of stress right now and I'm in pretty dire straights financially. The only book i'm really reading at this time is the Bible.
I tried finishing my application for online college classes today because I need the financial aid, and I found out I don't have enough time to complete the requirements. \ Oh no! Can you ask for an extension? Sometimes they'll be quite accommodating.
I haven't called and asked yet, I have a lot of steps I need to complete for successful enrollment. Some of the steps seem to require mailed-in information rather than electronically sent. \ That seems strange in this day and age. I thought everything could be done online. Perhaps you could hand deliver those parts.
I cant stop thinking of my vacation coming up. Im ready to just go. \ Good. Where are you going?
Im doing a three month trip in Europe. Im getting antsy to get started. \ I understand. Have a good trip. Are you traveling alone?
I robbed my grand parents once because of my addiction to drugs. They didn't notice but I feel bad about it. \ Now that is something I would imagine is hard to deal with. I hope you are in a better place.
I still have issues with my addiction. I didn't get rid of it even with help. It is a terrible thing to leave with. \ You just have to keep working at it.
My ex took me to six flags and wanted me to ride on a very high roller coaster. \ Interesting....did you do it
Yeah, but only because he was getting mad at me. I hate heights and I was very unsure about it. \ lol why would he get mad...but did you have fun in the end
I'm scared to show love or get close in a relationship. I once mistook pity and infatuation for love and ended up being miserable. Am I gonna let that happen again? Hell no \ Oh that's terrible. I wouldn't shut it all out though, you could miss out on someone great.
Not all of it of course, you're right.  But she's gotta bring something to the table before I go all in...can't deal with that damaged goods crap anymore \ Yeah you are right. Better to take things slow and figure out what they are all about first.
I loaned my friend some money when she was having financial troubles. \ That's really kind of you. Not everyone can or will do that. I do hope she pays you back!
Yes I hope she does too. \ I'm sure! It's always nice to help someone in need, but you do hope they'll do the right thing by you when possible.
Yes, if not, it's okay, I'll understand. \ You're obviously a very good person and I'm sure your friend knows that - she'll repay you when she can.
Yes I definitely trust her to. \ Then you'll be fine :)
My cousin recently sent me a video from her phone of my home village. What I saw made me mad and sad! \ Where is your home village?
In the North of Scotland. It used to be a quiet little place, and now there are hideous buildings in really prominent places! \ That's a shame. I"m sorry to hear that.
Me to. I was even considering moving back there some day, but not after seeing the mess the planners have made of it. \ Do you live in the United States now?
Yes. I've been here for about 20 years now and love it. But there's something about where I grew up which pulls (or rather pulled) me back. \ Yes it sounds like it was a great place to grow up.
I put a deposit down on a dog, but it died before I could pick it up.  I was so sad. \ That's pretty heavy. I hope that doesn't discourage you from trying again in the future, especially with a rescue dog or something in that area. If you don't mind me asking, what happened?
It got distemper and couldn't shake it.  I will buy another one some day.  I think I need a little time though. \ I had never heard of that before. That sounds like tragic timing. And you're right, I probably shouldn't have brought up getting another one so soon, it just sounded like you'd be a good owner, since you seem like you care so much. It makes sense for you to not rush right back into it.
My brother is starting his first semester at the college I wanted to go to but could never get into. I am very happy for him. He was scared to accept the offer at first because he thought he'd hurt my feelings. I told him that was crazy! \ That is so great that he was able to go.  I had the same problem as you, but I started at community college when I was 26 and finished at a 4 year college when I was 32.  It is never too late for you to go.
Oh, I am! I'm like you, except I did community college all wrong. I stuck around in there wasting time, feeling sorry for myself, taking out student loans for no reason. Eventually got on the right track and got into a college, and will graduate at 28. My brother just graduated at 34. Cheers to you guys. Older students are cool \ They are the best.  I think it is good to go later, because you know what you want more and don't waste time and money.
My husband is so lucky I cheat on him like he did. \ Why do you cheat on him?
I could have. But I didn't. He cheated on me actually. \ Oh I see, why are you still with him then?
I am living on my own now. \ Awesome. Is it the first ime?
Yes but when I get home from work I have no one to talk to \ Maybe you will a friend soon. Or even meet a nice guy.
My mother was just recently diagnosed with cancer. \ That's horrible. Is it treatable?
It is, I had her move in with me so I could look after her \ I'm praying that she will be fully healed, and that you will take good care of her.
I'm having a difficult time doing even basic tasks for myself due to anxiety. But i'm hopeful that something good will happen for me. I feel bad about complaining about anxiety after finding out your mother is ill. \ Everyone in life has problems, do not feel bad for sharing yours I hope it gets better for you.
Thank you, that means a lot to me. \ You are welcome, I am glad I can put you in a better mood.
Damn, I really wanted my eBay package to arrive today, but it didn't. \ I know how you feel. Are you also spoiled by amazone prime?
Indeed, I thought everything came this early. \ Haha, I know. Especially when I purchase firearms related things like ammunition. It has to ship ground.  1 week for shipping?!?!   rage.
That sucks! I guess ground shipping takes ages in large countries.  \ Yeah, the US is huge, landmass wise.
I really really wished it would come today, I was even sat at the window looking for postal trucks and everything! \ You can always leave them an angry review online
I just got approval for a home loan! \ That's fantastic! It must be a good day for you.
Its great, I wasn't sure if i would get approved. \ I'm sure you were pretty nervous after you applied.
My work is sending me on a business trip, but I'm really nervous about getting on the plane. \ A little anxious?  Have you ever flown on a plane before?
I have. I fly a lot, actually. I just really really hate it. I get so worried and afraid. Hopefully the time will pass quickly. \ I'm sure you'll be fine. Statistically its safer than driving.
I ordered a new fishing reel. I can't wait for it to come in the mail. \ That sounds cool. Do you go fishing a lot?
I've been getting back into it. I'm near the coast so its fun to go. \ My dad really enjoyed fishing. I think I'd like the peace and quiet of it.
I like to encourage my peers \ thats great it always nice to be encourage.  Really like it when my co workers do it
I do too.  I could not wait for the announcement.  They are so well deserving. \ glad to hear it.
I tried to put in a good word for them.  She had no idea she was even nominated. \ you are such a nice person.  Hopefully you helped.
got pulled over last night for going 25mph over the speed limit. \ That is a bummer.  On the bright side you probably won't do that again!
that's for sure was so nervous i would lose my license.  But he lowered it down to 5 mph now all i have to do is pay a fine. \ That is awesome!  It is nice to know people can be fair!
My wife just celebrated her one year anniversary at her business \ How awesome! She must be proud of herself! Where does she work?
She owns her own salon, I am so happy for her \ It isn't easy to be successfully self-employed but she did it! 
I got so mad at my dog the other day. \ What did your dog do?
He saw the rabbit that lives under my shed eating some grass in my yard, and decided to scare it and chase it away. \ Oh no, well at least he didnt hurt the rabbit.
We we playing 11 a side football on sundays and won the title as underdogs \ That is awesome, how long have you been playing?
We had been playing as a team for just over a year together! Now i no longer play! \ Have you thought about getting back into it?
I went for a job interview last friday and was told I would know by Friday of this week if I got the job. \ Awesome! Do you think did well?
I think it did, I really want to get this job. \ Nice, what job did you apply for?
This last Saturday, I was waiting in the line for the official to sign my driving license documents at DPS. I don't know how, but i suddenly fell to the ground as if my legs stopped working. It was so embarrassing as there were many people \ These people are not people you see everyday. I wouldnt worry about it
You are right, but still i felt like being humiliated in front of these people. Emotional sting would not let me stand still as if nothing happened \ Watch some youtube videos of other peoples misfortunes so you can forget about yours quickly!
I was invited to a party last week to a pretty shady area. \ Why would anyone make a party in a shady area? Was it your friend's party?
It was a work friend, I was not sure if I should go or not for fear of my safety \ Probably it is just the theme of his party. He wanted to have some fun in the form of cautious excitement
My friends shocked me by throwing me a birthday celebration. I had no idea about it until it happened. \ Awe. That is soo sweet. You have some really good friends
Yeah, we have all known each other for over 10 years. We all live close to each other. \ That is really nice to have. Most people don't even have one good friend.
I am so upset about what happened yesterday.  \ What happened to you?
I accidentally can off the road avoiding a deer and totaled my new car. \ That sucks sorry to hear. Are you okay?
i love taking care of my little dog i give him everything he need \ I love dogs! What breed is he?
he is a french puddle and i love him very much \ That's so sweet! We have blue healers, they just make the world better.
I have been working on getting into grad school. I have to get all my paperwork together. \ that is really such a pain, i remember when i had to do my paperwork for school it is not fum
It's true. They're wanting recommendations from my undergrad degree. Which I completed 5 years ago. \ well i really wish you very good luck with all that
I went to my first concert this weekend I seen Beyonce herself it was so awesome.  \ Oh nice! I bet you'll remember that for a long time
Yes and I will it was great and her voice and the singers really moved me because even in person it was lovely.  \ I've never been to a concert. I should go see one like you!
My sister made me a cake for my birthday! \ That is so nice what kind was it?
It was a coconut rum cake! I wasn't expecting it at all, but it was a fantastic surprise \ That sounds so good I love coconut rum that would have made my birthday awesome I'm glad you enjoyed it. 
This past weekend I found out a friend of mine I went to school with passed away. He had a heart attack while he slept. \ that's terrible! how does that make you feel?
It makes me feel old. I mean I am not that old, but to see people my age passing away really makes me think about my own mortality.  \ That is the reality of life, unfortunately! That's what you have to enjoy life now.
I am upset I have to tell my daughter her pet died. \ That is terrible. How long have you had this pet?
She had it for 2 years. But I feel I must be honest with her. \ Honesty is vey important. I hope she will not feel too bad.
My friend's at the hospital after a pretty bad car accident. We finally got news she's woken up after being asleep for 6 days. \ Sounds terrible, how did she get in the accident?
Some drunk driver hit her. \ What did she say after waking up?
My girlfriend seems to be distant and talking to other guys \ Have you talked to her about it?
Not yet, she's also been texting other guys as well I think \ That doesn't sound too good. Has she been like this before?
One time as a surprise for my birthday, my college friends "kidnapped me" \ Oh my goodness, that must have been terrifying until you figured out what was going on.
Nah - I knew that they were just having fun with me!  I was blindfolded and put in the trunk of a big car (I am tiny). \ Well at least you had a good time.  Did they do something nice for you after?
I can't believe my husband planned a trip all by him.  \ Where are you going?
I am still shocked he planned a cruise for 7 days. \ That is going to be so fun!
I start my diet Monday and let's just say I am not ready to start lol. \ I am never ready. which diet are you trying
The keto diet and I have started looking up meal preps and workouts but as of non I am so not arranged to start this up I need more time. \ I think my favorite and easiest would have to be Atkins but still alot of prep to get started
I have to look into that one never heard of it thanks. \ your welcome, and I will check out Keto.
i cant stand seeing homeless people in the street, i get really angry and sad at the same time \ Do you ever offer to help thm?
yes i go to my local charity every weekend \ GOod for you, I feel bad for never helping out.
I won $500 on a scratch off the other day. \ Awesome.  What are you going to do with the money.
I'm really not sure. I was shocked to win that much.  \ Don't spend it all in one place :)
I'll try not to. I'll probably just save it :) \ Putting it away for a rainy day is the best bet.,
I was really lonely and depressed at one point, and I had a dinner date with a potato I put googly eyes on. \ Haha, that's a nice way to enjoy a sad moment, how are you feeling recently?
Much better, thanks :)  Yeah, I was really just doing anything to feel a connection. \ I'm happy to hear you're doing better. If you feel that way again please reach out.
My dogs are my life more like my family I love them. \ My kitties are my family too. Animals are the best.
Yes they are you can't be lonely with them they are just so warmhearted and loving always.  \ Exactly! I am glad you have them
I woke up and the first thing I saw that my cat had decided to play with my shoes and ruin them! \ Oh my, you must have been annoyed with your cat. I guess he just wanted your attention.
I was SO mad! I felt so bad being mad at him  \ Aw he's just a kitty after all. I'm sure he didn't mean to make you mad.
I can't believe my husband hid a talent her had from me for 15 years.  \ That sounds interesting.. What was it? And how did you find out? And why did he hide it! If you don't mind me asking, of course...
I happen to come across all his drawings. He is as good as most professional artists!  \ Oh I see.. Well that's a pretty positive talent then, huh? Maybe you should encourage him to keep doing it. Maybe he misses it. You could get him a present for his birthday or Christmas that was related to drawing tools/pencils and all that.
Went to a restaurant and saw people eating live squid. \ that's awkward where was it?
It was at a Korean restaurant we were trying out. Never going there again. \ from what you have told i cant go there what else did you see 
hello there am not feeling good today \ Are you sick? What happened?
i got flu not good for me \ That's terrible. I hope you get some rest.
It was for science but I had notes i had brought. \ Thats not right. How did you feel?
No we are allowed to bring notes it was just a surprise test. I felt happy about being able to bring mine. \ That's good. How did you do?
My grandma died. I am so sad. \ Im sorry to hear that. Was it from age or complications?
Age but she also smoked. \ Yeah that is not good. But everyone does have a time to go you know?
I was confident that I was going to win that prize \ What prize was it, or what was the competition, rather? I'm interested to know, but don't want to pry, if you don't feel like saying.
It was a $25 Visa gift card. The competition was a talent show. I didn't win unfortunately but It's ok \ Ah, gotcha. It's good to see that you tried and that you care that much. Most people are too lazy or scared to compete in things, myself included. I hope you continue to do the things that make you competitive and interested.
I am starting back dancing ballet next month it's been a while since I last danced.  \ how is that working out for you
A little rusty but I know when I get in the class and hit the floor with my shoes I am more then positive it will be great. \ practice makes perfect
I hate I keep receiving double bills every month from Comcast. \ omg i would be upset too... how many times have you called them to fix it? 
Every month they shut off my service because I didn't pay the second bill. Then I have to go all over this month after month of them fixing their errors. \ Sounds like a nightmare! total. 
We decided to try and buy a new kind of sausage from the store. It's SUPER cheap \ Was it any good?
It was! I was super nervous about it though cause of how cheap it was  \ Sometimes the cheap things are the best
it is really hard going to the hospital to visit my grandmother \ I bet it is! When my grandma was alive it was so heartbreaking to see her in pain. She broke her hip right before her death and she just couldn't recover
yeah it is the worst having someone in the hospital \ i hope she will recover soon. Stay strong and think positive
Went back to my old town. Met a lot of my friens from childhood \ That sounds like a happy homecoming! Or was it bittersweet?
A bit of both. I miss them and glad we got to catch up. \ That's a great feeling. Knowing you *can* go home again ;-) Hopefully they can come visit you, too!
I feel so bad when I think back to times that I got angry and yelled at my kids for no real good reason -- just a combination of the day's events and feeling irritated, really. \ We get carried away with our emotions sometimes. Did you explain it to them?
Yes! THAT I feel good about! Making a point to use it as an opportunity to talk. I've definitely used it when it comes to the way others might act -- emphasizing that it's not about *them*, it's really about the person and where they're at. \ I'm glad you're not too prideful to admit your mistakes to your kids and used it as a teaching opportunity.
I'm going to my home country next tuesday and i'm so excited i can't sleep!! It's been 4 years since i've seen my parents \ where is that ?
Kazakhstan. I miss it and i miss my parents and friends so much \ isnt that where bruno is from ?
I am super proud of my parents for graduating college \ That's great that they accomplished that and even better that you recognize their achievements.
Yeah, they are truly an inspiration that anyone can go to college no matter the age \ OK I didn't realize that they may have gone after you were born as opposed to before.
I am prepared to go camping tonight in the woods \ I am prepared to go camping tonight in the woods
When I see my wedding picture around the house I always think back to that day. \ Does it make you feel happy about your life since then?
Yeah, just makes me think back to those times and how it was so different from now. \ Well at least you'll always have your memories as time goes on.
I came home one day and found that my dog had unzipped my bookbag, gotten a sandwich I had forgotten I brought home from lunch, and opened the bag it was in without damaging it to eat it. \ That sounds peculiar. I've never known a dog with such finesse, yours may have talent.
