I should have known better, as these friends are on the "crunchier side". They had a loaf of bread that they made with flour that had cockroaches added to it! \ Oh wow... I really can't imagine eating it knowing it had those in it.
You know what really grinds my gears?! \ You uttering this phrase, i remembered the Peter Griffin Meme. So tell me, what grinds your gears?
This STUPID printer that I have at work!  That thing NEVER does what I tell it to and it ALWAYS runs out of ink!!!!! \ Why you guys don't you deliver a complain note to the management. They are responsible for handling the office tools
That one luggage bag that my passed uncle gave me as a present when i was about to start my college life away from home, i discarded it today as it became very old. It was the only reminder of him \ Oh no!  Why didn't you keep it in the attic or something?
It became unusable. I just decided it was its time to be thrown. I feel my uncle was here himself, not his reminders \ Oh I see.  I bet it was a sad day then.
I trusted my wife with taking my truck to visit her parents this week. I hope she takes care of it! \ Is she a good driver?
Yeah she is, but that truck is my baby.  Put all of time and effort in up keeping it. \ I hope she is careful with it.
I am looking forward to my new job. \ Congratulations, is in an area that you are interested in?
Yes, custodial services.  I can't wait to start! \ Awesome, I'm happy for you, good luck!
I have had the same best friend for 10 years now \ That's good! It's always nice to have friends you can rely on
I trust her with my life and my kids'. I know she feels the same. \ I wish I had that kind of relationship. I left most of that when I moved :(
So, a week ago I was hiking alone in the mountains and I ended up spraining my ankle. \ Oh no. I
Well, luckily I packed a first aid kit just for situations like this, so I was able to make it back and get it checked out. No service out there lol \ That's great. I wonder how many hikers actually keep a first aid kit?
I can't even explain how much I care for this cat I have, it's like my best friend! \ I am sorry. what happened to the cat?
Nothing bad, just love that I have it and would be sad if I didn't! \ I hope you have pet insurance, you never know what can happen.
So... I am tired of getting cold french fries every time i go to this fast food restaurant. \ Haha, I'm with you.  That's the worst, it almost ruins the meal.
Should I try a different place? \ You could, but it's always a gamble!
From starting i told about my love to my family.they are not accepted after that handled more problems.finally we got both family permission. \ I am happy for you!
thank you \ I hope you get married!
My best friend is coming to visit me. \ ok
I am so happy to see her. \ ok carry on
my mom is supposed to call me regarding her test results. \ I hope she hears some good news. Is it pretty serious?
She had stage 3 cancer, but she was clear last screening a year ago. \ I'll be praying for her, I hope she continues to stay in the clear in the future.
I went to a fast food drive thru and the cashier refused to give me my correct change or the receipt. \ That would make me angry, and it is impossible to deal with in a drive thru.
I was very upset, and I wanted to speak with the manager about it. Customer service is so bad these days! \ I agree. I really hate driving off only to find out a third of your order is wrong or missing!
I'm embarrassed that I left my car lights on all day at work. I had to get it jumped from my boss. \ Good thing your boss was available. I would not worry about being embarrassed. We've all done something dumb.
Yeah, you're right.  I just hate the fact it was my boss out of all people.  Hope he doesn't think down on me for it. \ If he does then he isn't a very good person.
When I got through shopping there was a scrape on my car door where someone had banged their door into it. They didn't leave a note and I was enraged. \ I would be pretty furious as well, those can be expensive to get removed!
People just don't seem to have any respect for other peoples property anymore. \ I agree, some people just don't care about anyone but themselves. It's sad.
Hello there. How are you feeling today? \ I'm good. How about you?
I'm a bit on edge. It's the anniversary of the day I had to drop out of college and I don't want to see my parents today. It brings up all the memories from the day I had to tell them.  \ That sounds quite scary.
I took 100 dollars from my bosses wallet. \ Oh dear. Did they find out about it?
No, but I feel really guilty for doing that. \ Maybe one day you could repay them?
I just KNOW I got an amazing grade on my last test... Can't wait to see it. \ That's such a great feeling! Congratulations on all the hard work you put in paying off!
Thank you! Yes, I am just feeling very sure of myself on it (for once haha). \ Then it sounds like you have two things going for you; an A+ and some new found confidence!
I went to a wedding recently, and something happened that put a damper on it. I felt bad for my buddy, but at least he knows he can trust me. \ Oh no, it's awful something happens on that special day that should be full of joy and whatnot.
Yeah, his wife got drunk and paid a pass at me. I told her to sober up, and let him know what had happened. \ Yikes. Well, at least you did the right thing by passing that long, as painful as it might have been. 
I'm excited for tomorrow morning! I have a big presentation at work and I think my boss will love it! \ That is awesome! Do you think you are prepared?
Yeah, definitely prepared.  I've been working on this idea for 3 months! \ Well that sounds like you have prepared for sure! Hope all goes well!
I opened our bathroom door and to my surprise there was a snake laying across the floor! \ Yikes! that's scary, what did you do about it?
I shut the door as fast as I could and ran to find someone to kill it! \ Good play, I probably would of done the same, haha.
My friend's new pet kitten tragically got hit by a car this past weekend. I felt so bad for her. \ That is so terrible!
I know, I was crying for my friend. She needs the support right now. \ You seem like a very good friend.
I have to assemble a dresser from IKEA. \ That's gonna take some time. I love their designs, but I hate the assembly!
I am so ready to get it done. \ That's really cool. Have fun building the dresser!
I broke my favorite vase. \ Oh no! What had happened?
I was dusting and I knocked it over.  I am so upset with myself! \ On the bright side you can buy a new vase to replace it!
I was so happy to see that my little nephew made me a birthday gift! \ Oh what did he make you?
He unexpectedly decided to make me a painting of myself with crayons. It was pretty funny. \ He sounds like a fun kid!
I am highly upset that I'm the only one concerned with earning money for our bills \ am sorry about that, what are others doing about it
Not much. It's all on me. It sucks \ sorry, just tryy to be patient with them
am so happy for my brother, he graduated with honors \ He must be very smart
yah, he had done his best \ It paid off. Wish I was smart like that
I'm eagerly waiting and counting the days to see the new world through my child.  \ Thats wonderful.  Are you pregnant?
Yeah, My better-half is. \ Wow how much longer?
I really should be packing right now.  I am going to Vegas tomorrow. \ oh, it's good. Take your all belongings without fail. Hope you'll have good journey. 
Thank you!  I am going to go now and finish my laundry! \ sure. Have a good trip.
Our toilet got clogged and we had to call a plumber to come fix it. It was actually my fault. \ Ah, a plunger didn't do the trick? Hope it wasn't too expensive!
Nah I tried that but it was too far gone. It wasn't too pricey, but not cheap either. Oh well. \ Yeah, well at least it didn't break the bank, things happen.
I'm sad, tomorrow will be the last time I get to see my friend before she leaves for college! \ Oh that is sad. I hope you can spend some good time together then.
Yeah, we have a whole day planned, but I'll definitely miss her! \ I hope you can also visit her there if you get the chance!
I am thankful that I am diligently following my saving habit. I feel in control over my urges for unnecessary spending \ That's awesome. I saved up for 4 months but then had a massive car repair bill..
Emergency can always happen. Good that you had saved for that 4 months and were able to cover your car repair bills. Imagine if you haven't saved \ I know. My advice is take it seriously just in case
I love playing old school video games. The music is amazing \ Old school video games are full nostalgic memories for me. That is why i try to avoid them as they evoke many emotions in me
For me it's happy emotions \ It is just that I miss my friends a lot with whom i used to play. I wish i could just rewind time and go back
The micro brewery explosion in America has been awesome for my girlfriend and I, as we love craft beer. Until recently, our town didn't have one though. \ I love beer! I wish I could try your guy's beer.  Is it a hard process?
We actually don't brew our own, and hadn't been able to try many because we live in a small town. But we just got the news that a micro brewery was opening here in a few weeks! \ Awesome, that's great news!  Hope you guys make a great tasting one and become big!
Every time I park my car in my apartment's parking lot, someone parks way too close to me. It's annoying! \ That's so frustrating! Do you know who it is?
It seems to be random people each time, I think they just made the spacing way too close. \ Sorry to hear that. Maybe you and the other tenets can lobby for additional parking somehow?
I never win anything but took a chance on buying a few lottery tickets the and I won $50,000! \ Wow, that must have made you feel so good about yourself.
Considering I never win, it made it even more awesome, yes! \ It's such a great joy to win something. I hope your luck continues.
I'm in a new city and don't know what to do. \ That could be kind of scary. Have you tried to meet anyone that might could show you around and then maybe you would not be so lonely?
All of my co-workers are married and live in the suburbs. \ Well, maybe try meeting some new friends? Someone a little closer, perhaps?
A friend tried to get me to drink and drive but I didn't.  \ Good for you! It is really dangerous to do that.
I was happy with my behavior. \ Hopefully you can teach your friend to copy your behavior!
I watched this scary shark film this weekend. I had to cover my eyes throughout the movie! \ Was it The Meg?
Yes! The graphics look so realistic these days! \ I can't wait to see it now!
I am alone in the house my parents travelled, i feel lonely and afraid \ Oh no. How old are you?
am 22 years of age \ Is there anyone you could go and visit and maybe stay the night?
I hate it when other guys look at my girl \ ooh, you should not be, she should be appreciated for looking good
She's for my eyes only. At least she doesn't pay them any attention. Or I would flip! \ aha, thats funny though
My co-worker makes almost double the amount I do and yet does about half the work... \ That is so messed up.
Yeah I think so too. I'm really envious that he can pull that off while I have to do everything. \ The world is not fair.
My favorite bakery is making donuts in a few hours. \ Nice. I love donuts. Are you going to go there as soon as they open?
Yes, I can't wait to get some! \ I haven't had any in a while, but now I suddenly want some!
The Olympics skaters are really good atheletes, I'm impressed \ Yes I agree. I love to watch them do their routines on TV.
Some are very graceful and artistic and some are very powerful \ Something about watching the world's best really keeps me interested.
I looked out my window this morning and saw a skunk staring right back at me! \ Wow! How big was it? Did you smell it?
It was a decent size. Maybe like a small dog. I didn't smell it, but I as still freaked out by it. \ Yeah, gotta be careful and give them their space
I dropped a mug and my coffee went everywhere \ Yikes! That made a mess I bet. Did you get burned?
No, just a hassle to clean it all up \ Yeah, and it can stain. I drop my coffee more often than I am willing to admit.
I was jogging a couple days ago and suddenly a bear came out of the woods! \ Oh my god! That sounds terrifying
Yeah, I just stopped in shock, but it crossed the path and kept going without missing a beat. \ Just don't get too close! You never know what can trigger them
I am looking forward to the winter. \ Me too, I'm excited for fall, I like to layer my clothes
I can't wait for the cold! \ And the snow! I'm excited to start skiing again
I'm very happy with my baking skills, people tell me I make really good cookies \ I would love to try them.
I make chocolate chip, but snickerdoodles are my favorite \ I really love snickerdoodles!
The other day my baby had to get some of her shots.  \ I hate shots for babies. Why do they have to get so many?!?!?!
I know it seems like every other month its another shot! I felt terrible for her.  \ You can tell they are mad at you too for letting it happen. I hate ir
I love pizza. I ordered on yesterday with all of my favorite toppings. \ yum sounds good whats your fav toppings? 
Everything but black olives. When I got the pizza home. It had black olives on it!!!! \ :o uhhh oh you had to pick them off 
Everyone I have ever worked with in a kitchen has either already read "Kitchen Confidential", or I have made them read it. We were all devastated when Anthony Bourdain passed away earlier this year. \ Oh, I haven't read it, but I was also sad to hear he passed
He started from the bottom and worked his way up. He had a passion for people as well as food, and we all still look up to him. \ Yes, too bad he was struggling with his depression and couldn't seek help
My boyfriend can sing really well but I can't \ Don't be so hard on yourself. Some people are just naturals!
Thanks, maybe I just need to warm up my vocal chords more \ Singing is like any other skill. With time and practice, I bet you can really tune those pipes!
I want to do well in my next exams, I want to get my certification \ You should put some time aside to study.
I will, I have been going over the textbooks a lot \ That's a good start, just stay motivated and focus on learning everything you can. You should pass the test easily.
I never thought that I would be noticed.  \ By who? Who are you trying to get noticed by?
My employers gave me employee of the month and a nice gift to go along with the award. \ Oh that's so nice! I'm sure you're a great coworker and employee
I love my wife so much. \ That's nice to hear! Have you treated her to something special?
I always do.  I would never cheat on her. \ Always stay faithful, it is the best thing for your relationship.
I noticed that I had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. No one told me! \ That must have been very humiliating.
Yes! I felt so bad that no one was willing to let me know. \ I hope that never happens again.
I feel lonely my friend did not make to join me i watching a movie \ I'm sorry to hear that.
yah, i decided to sleep \ I hope things are better next time.
I split my pants while bending over at work. \ oooh, sorry, that must have been embarrassing
Yes, I felt so humiliated.  \ take it easy, did you find your way out?
My favorite pizza place closed down late last week. \ Oh no! Was it a small local place?
Yes, it sure was. Made GREAT pizza. I miss them already... \ That's too bad, small places are usually hidden gems for food
One time I tripped over nothing and landed on my face \ Ouch. I actually have done that before too though... 
I'm so clumsy, my balance is just terrible sometimes \ It's embarrassing in the moment, but I think there are more clumsy people all around us. 
We have a camping site booked and I got everything packed up. My family won't get out of bed so we can get going. I hate waiting. \ jeez that sucks
yeah, I spend half my life waiting for my family.  \ what time is the trip
when my grandpa died i was so sad, i did not know if i could move on \ Oh, that is just awful. Losing someone is so hard. 
i could not believe it \ Was he ill or was it sudden? Either way, it's still painful. 
I was driving in a sketchy part of town to drop a computer off to a friend, and I did not feel safe at all \ That sounds scary. What made you feel unsafe?
It was very run-down and it was dark out (plus low speed) \ I would have probably felt the same way as you. How did everything turn out?
My husband and friends planned me a baby shower without me knowing. \ Aw, that's so nice of them! Was it fun?
Yes, it was a lot of fun and it caught me off guard. It meant a lot that they did it for me. \ That's great! It's so nice that you have people around you who care
I am going to a concert later tonight. \ Awesome! Have you been looking forward to it?
Yes!  I can't wait to go! \ Great! I hope you have fun and remember it for a long time
My hamster got out of its cage and I haven't been able to find him \ I'm sorry.  I hope you find it.
So do I. I hope he's not hurt somewhere \ Where do you think it can be?
The traffic was so bad this morning.  \ Oh no that sounds frustrating! I get road rage!
It just makes me so mad! \ Yes! Whats even worse is when other people don't pay attention in bad traffic!
I visited an old friend the other day who lives about an hour away from me in another town, and her 10 year son has this new puppy they got. He was showing me all things he had taught this puppy to do in the last week of having him. The dog could already shake, lay down, sit, roll over, run in a circle, jump, and sit still when a treat was put on his nose until you tell him okay. \ Wow, that is impressive!
I know! The puppy is a 12 week old Schnauzer, I guess they are super smart!  \ I wish your friend could teach my dog a few tricks!
Had a little bit of a hospital stay to have routine surgery. A co-worker came to visit me while I was there, which surprised me. Kinda nice to see something unexpected like that, for people to show they care. \ It's good to hear! Are you alright now?
I am! I'm back in civilization. It was just minor surgery but they had to keep me for a couple of days to make sure things went okay. Thank you for asking. \ Fine. Have a joyful life ahead!
I expected a hike in my package. \ A hike in your package? I'm sorry, I don't follow. As in how long it would take to get there to you?
Sorry , I mean my salary. But I didn't get it this time. \ Ohh.. I see! I'm sorry to hear that. I've never had the personal experience of having to do so, but sometimes people really have to argue and advocate for themselves to get the things they feel they've earned and deserved, like a salary raise. I hope in the future you can do that so that you can feel like you're getting what you've earned.
I really think I might get a promotion at work  \ Cool. I hope you get it. Is it a lot more pay?
Yeah it is much better and also better hours. thank you!  \ I've never gotten a promotion at any job. But I've never wanted more responsibility 
It's almost time for school again. I am so excited. \ Awesome. Are you going to s chool or your children? 
Both. I take classes online so I need them out of the house again lol \ Right i work from home so i feel you 
Yesterday I saw a guy leave the bathroom without washing his hands. \ That sounds like it would be pretty gross.
It was really gross behavior. \ Definitely, I'm not a super clean person but that's a bit far.
I got to quit my terrible job a few weeks ago.  \ That must be a relief.
It was very much so. I put up with them for a year, terrible pay, constantly changing rules. They said they were going to promote me but didnt \ I hope you get a fresh start elsewhere!
I went thru my childrens old clothes the other day and its hard to believe they are grown up now.  \ Oh I understand, mine is only 2 1/2 right now but I feel that way too when going through his preemie clothes. You probably feel it much more if they are grown though.
I think we probably feel it about the same! It was a nice memory to come across tho.  \ Yes! Do you keep your favorite things of theirs? I always keep my favorite outfits of his and donate the rest!
I was going through some boxes in my moms storage unit looking for something the other day and came across a bunch of my great great grandmas momento boxes. We looked inside them and found some super weird stuff, like a ponytail full of my grandmas grandmas hair! I was so weirded out! \ What a beautiful memory tho to have! Yeah a little weird but a little cool too! 
I suppose, it was in a plastic bag, and we were so surprised to see that it was the same color as my hair and my moms. I just felt kinda nervous around stuff that dead relatives had, like their hair.. lol \ ha ha i understand its creepy but then again my mother kept her mothers glass eyeball so i guess nothing would surprise me anymore! 
I failed to pass in my exam. \ Oh no! What kind of exam was it?
It's university final exam. It makes me sad. \ I bet! What are you going to school for?
I sent off a difficult email today and a bit worried about the response. \ Oh, don't worry. You'll get good response. What was the email about?
It was a personal email about some tough life things. They do better if I email versus face to face. I am very anxious about the response as they have a temper. \ Hope! you'll get a good reply!
Sad that my partner is not making as much progress as he should be. \ In his work? or life?
In his life yes. He is going to counseling but nothing is changing and it's been a month. \ Give him some time. I'm in counseling and it's taken about a month for it to really help.
Today is my anniversary! My husband planned an amazing day! He bought me my favorite chocolates and is taking me to a concert tonight! I had no idea about the concert! \ That's great to hear that some really care and put effort in to their relationships!
He usually doesn't do this much! I guess after years of hinting, he's finally picking up on them! haha \ Lol! Oh geez- so many take years to get it ugh! But at least he finally has! I hope he is very romantic too!
haha yeah it does! we've been together almost 15 years. \ Congrats <3
Moving my grandmother to an assisted living facility from her independent life has been such a transition for the whole family. Seniors can be stubborn and its been stressful to help her feel at home there and not hate it. Yesterday after visiting her however, she actually is looking more happy to be there finally. \ Thats good to hear. Being independent  all your life and then being cared for all the time can be a hard transition
Yes, before that all the time we spent with her was filled with caring for her basic needs instead of doing enjoyable leisure activities with her.  \ Hopefully this will work out well for everyone involved.
I had my front door open and a cat (not mine) ran in my house. \ Not yours? That is so weird, usually they  are on their way OUT not IN! Lol
I know! we were all surprised. My god was going nuts and my cat hid under the couch while we chased the stray around trying to get it out. \ Did you eventually get it out? I would have been flipping bonkers! 
I was running late for work because I woke up late.  \ Oh I hate when that happens. Did you make it on time?
I made it on time, but didn't have time to pit my contacts in so I had to wear my ugly broken glasses \ That sucks. Why did you wake up late?
For my 21st birthday my friends threw me a surprise party. Friends that I hadn't seen in years showed up, it was great.  \ That sounds so fun. What great friends!
Yea I was so shocked, they really came through for me. They are great people! \ I am sure it was a great time!
I have tried long and hard to lose a few pounds and i finally did, now i can wear that shirt that i use to wear and it fits me now. yayy \ Losing weight is the best feeling. I did that a couple of summers ago.. It's one of those few things where you can visibly see yourself getting better, and there's not much that gives you as much pride as that. Congratulations!
Thank you, i am getting older so living a healthy lifestyle is also in my best interest. \ I was proud of my mom when she started focusing more on her weight, too, just because of what you said--she's getting older. I wish she could live to 150, so anything that helps her live longer, makes me really happy. Good for you for making that choice sooner rather than later.
My parents didn't save enough for retirement, and now that they're retirement age, they're struggling a little. I'm still in college and am not able to really help them. I'm worried about how they'll survive financially, and I feel guilty about not being able to offer much. \ There is always social security and part time jobs, that seems to be the norm these days. A lot of old people do not have enough saved
Yeah, it's a growing problem and I think it's only going to get worse. My dad isn't in the best health, and is on a lot of medications, so that kind of hinders them a bit, too. I just wish they could actually relax and enjoy retirement like they deserve, instead of having to worry. \ I understand and i seriously think finance should be taught in school at a young age but the banks do not want that and will fight to keep that class out of schools
Went to a fast food place, and they messed up my order. I even repeated it twice, and had them double-check with me again after that! I know they're under a lot of pressure and work hard, but why is order accuracy so hard... \ What place did you go to?
Oh, it doesn't really matter, but it was just McDonald's. Funny enough, they have those new self-order kiosk things, and when I do it on there, it almost always comes out right, since I'm doing it myself. Unfortunately, you can only do that inside :( \ That makes sense, but yeah, human error is a very real thing, which is why self driving cars would probably be an improvement
Before I met my girlfriend and friends I was very alone, that was not a fun time \ Glad to hear your life took a turn. It's always weird, and even sometimes funny, to look back on your life to see where you came from, and how different and sometimes worse things were
That is for sure, it was not in a great place, but with some hard work, you can always improve \ Well, it's always so annoying in the beginning, when you know you have to change, but to see how much work there is to do in order to reach that change. It's hard for people to break things up into smaller pieces so it's not so daunting. But congratulations to you for reaching a happier place
I won $100 on a scratch off today. I was shocked. I never win. \ Wow! How often do you play the lottery?
I usually go on our Tuesday break to buy one with coworkers. \ Neat! Well that is a fantastic feat. Maybe you can win again sometime?
Yes Tony Bennett sounded great at the concert in April. His rendition of "How Do You Keep the Music Playing?" was especially good. \ That is awesome. How was the rest of the show?
It was fantastic! He belted out every song with power! Sounded very good for his age. He did "Fly Me to The Moon" without a mic at the end! \ Whoa that sounds incredible. You are very lucky to have witnessed that.
Super sad this past weekend without my significant other. \ Did they go away or did you break up?
No not really break up. He is away getting help and he needs it so I have to tough it out. \ Well, remember that he is doing something healthy for himself and that should make your relationship stronger in the end.
My son is sick so I am taking him some soup. \ Good mom, or dad?
Mom, I enjoy being able to do little things for my kids like that to show them I care no matter how old they get. \ I hear you :) My mom is like that. It means you're a great nurturer.
Hey, I was planning a party and asked my friend to get some stuff for it, I knew I could count on him though. \ Did he come through?
Oh yeah, he always comes through, he's very reliable and a good friend. \ That's great I have a couple of friends like that
It is not cool to play loud music at 3 am during the week \ That would certainly make me upset too, was it your neighbors?
Their guests playing music from their car. Sor rude \ Very annoying, I would consider getting the police to pay a visit even.
Yesterday I came across a huge snake in my back yard! \ Oh man! Was it poisonous?
I think it was. I was too freaked out. Just ran inside. \ Hmm, what state do you live in? Although I am in Michigan and we have poisonous ones here too. I didn't even realize in MID michigan we did until I almost stepped on one..I had a panic attack too lol
I'm in Tennessee. Yeah, I would have a panic attack as well! That's a scary situation!  \ Oh man..TN has water mocassins I think- Be careful!
It is a rough day, I am alone a lot lately.  \ Ah I'm sorry to hear that. Were you really busy today then?
Oh yes I am normally busy but those pangs of loneliness hit. I hate them! \ Oh yeah I know it. I have to work remote sometimes and, depending on the mood, loneliness hits hard.
The mosquitos where I live seemed to be getting really bad! When sitting by the fire at night we get so eaten up even with bug spray and candles! So for this last time we did a fire I bought these two blue lantern things that attract the mosquitoes and zap them to death! Let me tell you, those mosquitoes didn't stand a chance, and no bug spray needed! \ Those sound super effective. I wish I had some of them here,  I have never seen mosquitoes as bad as they are this year.
Yes! You can order them online from large retailers! It is a must have if you spend a good amount of time outdoors in mosquito prone areas! \ I will have to look into those, they sound like a really good investment.
This has been the worst year ever for tornadoes in our area. This past spring we spent 5 hours in our basement due to all the tornadoes in our area. \ That sounds terrifying! Im glad you have a basement though, it can be so dangerous if you have no underground place to shelter in!
Yes, a lot of people don't have basements, and that would be really bad. It's hard to explain to a three year old why you are in such a dark, scary place, especially when the power is all out. \ Oh your right, I have an almost 3 year old and I wouldn't know how to explain it as well! That is so hard sometimes because you don't know what to say!
I was in the grocery store. I found what I needed on the top shelf. I climbed onto the bottom shelf but ended up knocking everything down! \ Oh my goodness, are you alright? I bet you created a mess!
yeah! The only thing that was hurt was my pride! I've never tried to check out so quickly! \ I hope you can laugh a little about it now!
My neighbor threw their nasty trash all over their yard and won't clean it up! It's sooo gross! \ Oh, that's disgusting! Have you tried to talk to them about it?
I did and they are crazy or something, they told me that I deserve to smell and see it! \ Oh my god! I would contact your city or DHEC. I bet if they started to get fined they would clean it up!
I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the switch soon \ Ive wanted to play the switch for so long long, I have heard such good things about it.  do you like it?
I love how portable it is, I have played so many hours I would not have had time for otherwise, and the games are fantastic \ I think that is my problem with games, I dont have the time
I worked hard the entire smesetr only yo fail again! \ What did you fail at exactly?
stuoid math class, I try so hard and always have nothing to show for it. \ I am sorry to hear that, I hope you are able to succeed eventually!
I gave twin fawns in our yard some fresh peaches and they loved them. \ Ohhh..I would love that experience! How special!
I enjoy helping the wildlife in our area. It is alway a good feeling to give a helping hand. \ I love that too! I try feeding everyone :) Awesome!
My favorite band is doing their last tour. My husband bought me tickets to see their concert! He surprised me with them today! \ That sounds like a great gift. That is going to be a great time.
It is! I'm really excited for it! It's tonight, so it was also a big surprise!  \ Wow. I am sure you will remember this for a long time. You are going to have to think of a great surprise for him now.
My friend who never say no to me. Such a great companion she is! She asked me for a help. At the time I was out of town, so I was unable to do a favor  \ She probably understood.
I hope she did. \ If she is a really good friend then she did. Dont worry about it.
Me and my ex broke up a year ago and I'm starting to miss him \ Sorry to hear that. Is there any chance you two can patch up again?
No. I think I am just lonely because I don't like him lol \ Oh, then try to keep busy yourself so you don't feel alone.
In a week my wife will finally be back from being out of the country for 2 months! \ Oh geez! Why was she gone for so long?
She was taking a language course in Germany for her graduate studies. \ That's pretty cool! That would be hard though! Were you all able to talk a lot?
I'm moving into another apartment and just told my neighbor I was leaving. He said he was sorry I'm going! \ How long have you been there ?
About a year and a half. I really didn't expect him to say that - we don't know each other that well. \ Sometimes we affect people that we don't realize.
Last month, my dog Duke passed away. I got him when he was just a puppy 17 years ago. \ I'm sorry to hear about that. It sounds like, to me, that he lived a long life with you though, and that you were able to spend a lot of time with him. I'm worried for my girlfriend and what she'll do when that happens to her and her dog
Yeah, we did everything together. I still have to stop myself from calling him when I go to bed at night. It's amazing how close we can get to our pets. \ That's crazy, and a little heart-breaking too. I'm envious of the bond and routine it sounds like you guys had. I have yet to develop a bond like that with a pet. I hope I do at some point
Ugh...my boss made me stay late yesterday, so I had to work overtime, but I didn't even get paid for it! \ That doesn't seem fair. How are they getting around not paying you for it?
I'm technically salaried, so I don't get paid overtime. It's still really irritating.  \ It sounds like your boss needs to be more considerate when it comes to his employees.
I was driving around my old neighborhood and seen that the house I grew up in had burned down. \ That's so sad...Did you have a lot of good memories in that house?
I spent birth till I was 17 living there, so literally all of my child hood memories.  \ I'm so sorry :( At least you have your memories to look back on.
my wife got a flat tire on her way home from work and a man was kind enough to stop and help her change the tire. \ That was really nice of him. I know that she had to be relieved.
As was I. I was about 50 miles away at the time and she was on the side of the highway. \ Someone was watching over her.
I have no idea what to do, my daughter has been complaining about bullies. I've had meetings with her teachers but the bullying hasn't stopped! \ That is a shame.  I hear that is happening a lot in schools today.
It's frustrating, we expect schools to protect our children and yet they don't take any action! \ They don't have time for all that.  They are trying to teach.
I am so upset.  I just found out I didn't get the job I wanted. \ Did something go wrong with the interview?
Well I did sort of freeze up a little.  But I really wanted that job. \ Competition is tough these days. For whatever reason, that job wasn't meant to be and you'll find your perfect fit soon.
Just over 2 years ago, my wife and I got divorced. It was so strange being in our big house all alone without her and the kids. \ How long had you been married ?
Just short of 9 years. She met someone online in WoW of all places and just up and moved in with him. \ Hmm. That's a bit of a strange story.
Back when I was in college, I crossed a street in wrong place and got a ticket. \ I hate to hear that. I hate tickets. There are so many other things I would rather spend my money on.
Exactly, especially when you get one for just walking. \ Yeah, that is such a silly thing to get a ticket for.
My wife and I are going to buy are very first brand new car this week. \ Cool, what are you getting?
A Chevy Cruze. We have been working hard to get our credit score up to get a really good interest rate. \ That's a nice car, you are going to enjoy it.
I took my three children camping recently, and we had a great time. \ Neat! We took our daughter and her cousin camping about 2 weeks ago! Did ya'll build a fire?
Of course!  I have found that the key to a great camping experience is to have a checklist of what to bring, and follow it. \ That's defiantly a priority! I hope you brought everything that you need. Forgetting something can be a pain
My daughter finally master the 1-6 times. We worked very hard on it this summer! \ The 1-6 times as in multiplication?  Teaching children is so rewarding.
Yes in multiplication! I'm glad she's finally grasped them. Now we just need to work on 6-12 hahaha \ I bet she was super excited to get it all down.
I order some chicken the other day and it was still pink on the inside. \ That's really annoying. Did you send it back to the kitchen?
I had it delivered. I complained though. I almost went to the hospital. \ I think you'll probably be fine but, that dosen't mean your lunch isn't ruined.
That's true. I won't order there again. \ Are you going to re-order from some where else?
I am only going to order chicken in person now lol \ You could always just go the sushi route from now on.  You can't udner cook it.
I got a new job! \ Congratulations
Yeah, I've been wating to get out of the place i'm at now for... about a year now. \ That's great. Some people aren't so lucky. They die at a job they hate
Yikes.  Not me baby.  I'm off to greener pastures \ That's awesome. I hope you love it
My daughter starts public school for the first time in 3 years! I think she is going to do great but she's a little bit nervous. \ What grade is she in?
She is in 5th grade. \ What kind of school was she at before?
Me and my family just came back from vacation we had a great time. \ Where did you go ?
We went to Disney world in Orlando,Fl to see my kids have a great time made me happy can't wait for our next vacation. \ We went there a few years back. Had a great time.
I went to my car one morning and found that some kids in my condo complex had thrown food all over it \ Wow, did you ever get them in trouble?
Sadly, no.  There's no actual proof of who it was, but we've seen them doing random stuff like that all over the place.  He did have the cops called on him for unrelated things once, so I'll take that as a victory. \ There you go, take victories where you can get them!
My husband went to a job fair and got a lot of job offers! \ Great, what is his field ?
He is currently Active Duty Army, but is wanting to go into transportation/logistics.  \ I see. I hope for all the best for you and him.
I stepped in gum someone spit on the side walk today. \ Were you able to get it off of your shoe?
Only some of it.  \ Keep working at it, you'll get it all. Try ice on it to harden the gum first.
I'm a bit unhappy with Summer being almost over. \ Its really hot where I live.  I'm ready for it to be over.  Its 100f out side right now and very humit.
Yeah, that's too hot. I can see your point. \ I guess its different if you live where it gets cold during the winter.
It's been a great day so far! The sun is out and I'm on my second cup of coffee! \ Sounds super relaxing! I bet your enjoying it!
Yes I am, about to make some soup for lunch. This day has been just what I needed! \ Thats awesome! What kind of soup do you make?
When I applied for the job I have now it took them like a month to get back to me with a final answer.  It was pretty stressful. \ My brother just graduated and is on the job hunt, and he's described his experience as the same thing.. Seems like he has good interviews and they're receptive to him, but they don't really respond or give him an answer. Sorry to hear you guys go through that. Can't imagine how frustrating it is
Super frustrating.  It worked out in the end, but I had to bug them a few times to make sure they hadn't abandoned me. \ Good on you for being aggressive and opportunistic. Maybe they found that to be the motivating factor to give you the job. I hope it's been good so far.
A friend of mine took early retirement recently and he and his wife are traveling all over the world. \ That sounds like so much fun!
I know - I wish I could do that. They've been to France, Italy, Croatia and Chile so far - I'm sitting in NC! \ I totally get why you feel that way.  Your time will come soon.
I would just like to be able to drive to Raleigh without hurting! I fell and broke my hip a while back and can't walk properly. \ I hope you can recover soon!
My wife has been out of the country for 2 months, she gets back in a week.  I can't wait! \ That's good! I bet you missed her a lot.
I really did.  It'll be great to have her back :) \ I'm sure she'll have a lot to tell you about her trip!
Well, I finally got a call back from that job I interviewed for the other day. \ Awesome news!  What was the response?
Well, they decided not to hire me. This stinks. \ Oh.  Not so good news then :(  I'm sorry.  I'm sure you'll find something!
I feel horrible.  I cheated on my husband last night. \ You continues a series on Netflix I hope and not the other thing
I feel awful I shouldn't have done it. \ You shouldn't have. What happened?
My daugher is starting junior high soon. \ Thats nice.  She's becoming a teenager full force!
She sure is! Junior High wasn't easy for me though and she is just like me. I'm a but scared. \ I am sure she will be fine.  We all made it through.
So I just saw how they are going to have a remake of Fist of Fury. \ I have no idea what that is.
It is a old movie that came out in the 80s. I remember seeing it as a kid! \ Oh is it and action movie.
One time there was a large mouse in my kitchen. \ What did you do with it? Did you try to kill it?
I closed the door and put a towel under it. IT was late so i couldn't call maintenence til thehmorning. \ Thats what I would have done. Did they get it taken care of?
My wife held a surprise birthday party for me. It was totally unexpected and I was shocked when I came home and so many people were there. \ That's awesome, I bet you were overjoyed with it!
I couldn't believe that no one let the cat out of the bag. It must have been hard to plan. \ You never know if someone is going to slip and spoil it for you, that's true!
Last week during the night someone came into my yard and stole my push mower. \ Oh no!  Do you have any way of finding out who did it?
No, I called the police but it's almost impossible to track. I had to chained to a steel post, but they cut the chain with bolt cutters I guess. I sure hate thieves. \ Yeah, thieves are terrible.  I mean, who would steal a mower?
When I interviewed for the job I have now, they didn't give me a solid answer for like a month after the interview. \ That's a long time to kind of hang in limbo. I am sorry you had to endure that for a month.
It worked out ok, but I had to keep bugging them to make sure they hadn't given up on me. \ Well, at least that story had a happy ending. It could have went much worse.
My food had hair in it at a restaurant worst experience ever. \ what did you do?
I called the manager over and they offered to redo the food and pay for it but I was so sicken and upset I said no thank you it ruined my whole appetite.  \ yea i can see that, it happens but it sucks
I'm not one to like scary movies that much only with my husband since he loves them so much. \ well atleast you watch them with him! i dont like them either. 
We watched the new movie IT I was a little frightened and creep out especially because I'm afraid of clowns lol. \ Oh no, no thank you! lol ahhh i cant even. 
I had to take a trip away from home for three weeks. It made me so nervous I couldn't sleep. \ Why were you nervous?
I was going to be away from my family. \ Oh I see. How did it go?
It went well and I was happy to see them when I came back home. \ I bet you were.
I'm about to uber some lunch for myself. I keep trying to get my lazy children up but they are going to miss out \ That just means more food for you. That sounds like a win to me.
They will be upset when they see the bag, but summer doesn;t mean sleep all day.  \ Tell them the next time they need to get up if they want good food, too.
That's right \ Oh, I see. Were they making fun of you guys?
My friend has a pet spider and they made me hold it the other day.  \ thats gross.
Yeah it was huge, and I was scared to even move.  \ yea i wouldnt touch that no matter how much they wanted to pay me heh
i was happy when i got the weekend off \ Do you normally have to work on weekends? What did you do? 
yea i do, i wanted to go fly fishing \ Sounds like fun glad you got to do enjoy yourself 
My state sent me a tax bill for my newly opened business for $7,000!!! \ Gaah! That's a state tax bill? That's insane, it's hard enough already to open a business.
 I haven't even made $100 yet..and I have not used my tax exempt status...So that was shocking! I swear..everytime I open the mail..it's anxiety city! I called and they said it was just an estimate to make me file my taxes :/ I'm like...I didn't even make anything last year..My partner did- I was pregnant and sick! I was also on medicaid so how did I make 100,000?? lol! Ridiculous. \ Jesus! I hate opening my mail already because it's bills, I can't imagine trying to do something that ambitious which in of itself is a lot of work to get a business started and you have to learn so many different things, and then on top of it being sent stuff like that. Agghh! I hope it ends well for you, though.
I'm thinking I might have to find a different line of work. I'm a truck driver, and have been for a long time, but it's really difficult to do long trips now that I'm married. \ I can't imagine! I have a hard time sitting for long hours too. What are you looking in too?
That's the tricky part, I don't really know. I don't have a good college education or anything and truck driving pays well, it's just not healthy for my current lifestyle. My cousin does heating and cooling and offered to help me there, so I think I'll take him up on that. \ Thats a job that is needed for sure. You could also try and get a degree in programming- it usually only takes a year? So many things you can do. Also look into selling online. It's a great business if you stay on top of it daily :)
My wife has been out of the country for the last 2 months for school. \ Aw, I bet you miss her a lot.
I do.  She's getting back soon, but it's been tough being along with the dogs every night. \ Well, at least the dogs still have you for company. I'm sure you'll be happy when she gets back though.
My wife is going away on a business trip soon.... she'll be gone for a couple of weeks. \ That'll be tough.  Do you have anything you can do to keep busy?
Well, I might do some work on the house. But it's going to be awfully quiet around here. \ I bet.  It's sometimes surprising how much your life revolves around the other person being in the house.
Hi I went to a skating park. \ Never heard of such a thing. Is it outdoors?
Yes but sometimes they are also indoors. \ True, is it a fun place too go?
The garbage men had trash strewn all over and they just left it- It fell out apparently when they were throwing trash in the truck. \ Did they pick it back up?
Nope! They never do here. I don't understand not doing your job and they provide a great service! but they should really do it well. \ Maybe they just don't notice it.
I found a old tool box with my grandfather's tools in it in the garage. \ oh that is cool, did it bring back some memories as well?
Sure did.  He was a carpenter. \ thats good
i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door \ That sucks. Are there any cameras in the parking lot?
no cameras \ Some people have no integrity....
i was pissed when i saw my gate left open \ Oh? Did someone leave it open, or did someone break in?
someone left the gate open, probably my energy company, and my dog got out \ Oh no! I hope you find him
My friend can juggle 4 knives at once! \ how many fingers have they lost?
None! I have no idea how he can do that without hurting himself \ now that is impressive
I'm so mad at my neighbor! He blasts his tv outside on his patio all night long. \ call the po-po.
I've reported him to the association because it's against our rules, but he doesn't care. I don't know how people can be so selfish. \ spray the hose in that direction to get the tv wet.
i was scared walking home last week \ Oh no! What happened?
someone was following me \ I would have been terrified! What did you do?
I got in my car to go to a baseball game. I was really excited to see some of my favorite players. When I got there, heavy rain started to come down. Eventually they cancelled the game.  \ That has been happening a lot lately.  Everyone in the US seems to be getting wet.
It makes me so angry! All I wanted to do was relax and enjoy the game. \ Im so sorry you got rained out.  Do you at least get a refund?
Last night I was getting ready for bed and I saw a ghost in my bedroom. \ Whoa, that's scary! Did you freak out?
Of course I did!  It scared me to death! \ I can imagine. Did it look like a stereotypical ghost, like Casper?
When I interviewed for my current job, I felt like it went well but all I could do was wait. \ What kind of job is it?
A lab technician at a university. \ Interesting! What kind of things do you do?
There was a turtle in my yard one day just panting and hot and all dried out. \ Oh poor thing!  What did you do?
I have her now. At that time I did not have a car and was not near a water source and it was like 120 everyday down south. Normally they stay buried- it's a box turtle. Much like a tiny land tortoise. Her name is mrs. Lee :) Sweetest turtle ever \ Yay!  I had a little box turtle when I was younger, I liked her a lot.  I hope Mrs. Lee has a long and happy (and not thirsty :)) life with you!
I think I can get everything I need to get accomplished before the end of summer. \ What all do you have to get done?
Lots of cleaning. Cleaning out the garage and basement, repainting etc. All stuff that needs to be done before winter is over \ What all do you have to get done?
Lots of cleaning. Cleaning out the garage and basement, repainting etc. All stuff that needs to be done before winter is over \ Phew, that sounds like a lot of work! You better start getting on that, then!
I finally went on my first rollercoaster since I've never been to an amusement park. What's the deal with rollercoasters?! How is that fun, that's not fun, that's scary! \ It is scary yet exhilarating lol
I think I might be done with rollercoasters already, haha. \ Some don't like them. I can't do the ones that go straight down.
I was so surprised when I found I was pregnant \ Oh wow, congratulations! I'm guessing you weren't expecting?
oh no not at all but I am happy about it \ I'm so glad! When are you due?
My parents brought my brother a brand new iPhone. He always gets the newest stuff and I get stuck with nothing. \ aw man that sucks how come he gets to get one but not you
I have no idea. He's the "golden child." It's super unfair. \ well after a certain age parent's start to treat children differently lol
I stripped in front of the cute barista at the coffee shop. I dont think I can return.  \ Oh yeah why is that? Did the cops drag you out? 
Whoops!!! I mean I tripped. What an inconvenient typo!!! I must be so frazzled.  \ hahah stripped sounded so much better but okay tripped! I gotcha 
My baby can hold her own forks now and feed herself. :o So proud of her and happy for me. lol \ Thats a big accomplishment. 
it really is! :) im one happy mama thats for sure \ Next thing you know she will be walking. 
i was happy to get the weekend off \ Weekends off are always great.  What did you do with your time?
went to the coast \ Sounds fun.  I hope you had a good time!
My wife has been out of the country for two months, which is really hard when one of us is having a bad day and we can't help the other. \ when does she return?
She gets back in a week, so it's almost over. \ well thats good
I spent 5 hours baking a cake yesterday.  \ That's a lot of dedication. Was it for a special occasion? And have you been baking for very long, or do you do it professionally at all?
I do it just as a hobby, when I finished this one my wife dropped it, I was so mad \ Oh, I feel terrible for both of you. Your hard work lost, and she probably feels really guilty too, for something that was maybe an accident. I hope you guys were able to talk it out and not get too upset with one another after a while.
I'm at a good weight and I'm fairly healthy, but I'm visiting my girlfriend right now and I always over-eat and eat desserts that I shouldn't when I'm around her. Makes me feel like an overweight slob \ As long as otherdays you are eating healthy I think its fine to cheat once in awhile
Yeah, the problem is I associate my visits with her, since they're few and far between, as times where I can let loose. But this summer I stayed with her for an entire month, so I let loose for an entire month.. not healthy \ Just hit the gym as soon as you can and you will feel better!
Yesterday at work during lunch I noticed my shirt was inside out. \ Who hasn't that happened to before! If it took you that long to notice, I bet no one else noticed. Were you able to fix it later?
I fixed it of course but, everyone must of seen and saw how ridiculous I looked with it inside out \ Yeah, I can understand how you would feel embarrassed there. It sounds like it didn't lead to anything too bad though, so maybe most people don't remember it happened at this point.
Going to an amusement park later in the week, before college semester starts back up. A little scared to get on roller coasters since I don't like heights, but kind of pumped to feel the adrenaline rush and feeling of accomplishment after doing something scary \ I love the feeling a rollercoaster gives. Have you gone before?
Not to this specific one, but I've ridden some before. None that will be as big as the ones at this park though. I'm a little intimidated. The anxiety that you feel while you wait in line always gets me.. But the high you get afterwards seems worth it \ Yes the juice is certainly worth the squeeze
my husband opened the door and a huge wasp flew in! I hate insects. they are so nasty \ Did you go running like crazy!? 
heck yes i did! I locked myself in the room and told him he needs to kill that thing before he goes to work \ i would have done the same glad no one got stung! 
Im waiting on a nice sized check to come and cant wait to go spend it!  \ Good for you! what are you planning to spend it on?
household decor, food, shopping, fun :) for once in my life lol \ Enjoy it! You deserved it :) I hope you will get more checks like that 
Every Sunday I goto church. \ that's wonderful! I go to church every sabbath
Having something to believe in makes me feel whole \ i agree with you! I don't know what i would do without God. 
I was talking to my pastor the other day and i got all emotional and i cursed! I was so embarrased \ I am sure he has heard it before!
i know he did but i actually don't curse, i don't know why i did that time \ You were just in the moment, I bet it wont happen again
it was suprising to see someone eat a 3 lbs burger \ A three pound burger?!? That's crazy, I could never eat one of those in one sitting.
yea he was able to eat for free since he ate it all \ Wow. I bet that's going to hurt him later, though.
Ugh, my neighbor keeps playing his music really loud at night when I'm trying to sleep. \ spray water over there
Ha, that's not a bad idea. I do need to have a word with him about it though at least. \ thats good, you should
This was the first birthday this year I had without my grandma. \ Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that, were you close?
Yes. She called me every year at midnight on my birthday. \ Oh that's so sweet, I wish I kept in touch with my family too
I had my birthday party recently, it was great \ Cool. Was it an all nighter?
No, but everyone was drinking so it went pretty late \ That's my kind of party.
I am really starting to miss my friends and family. I have been traveling for a few months now. \ Did you travel for work or for vacation?
I am on vacation. The hostel I checked into is really empty right now so I have been thinking of home a lot. \ Its too soon to be homesick!
I'm going on date tonight after work. I think its going to go well. \ That is awesome. You sound confident.
I'm normally not but, I have a good feeling here for some reason. \ Good for you. Good luck. Just remember to have a good time and you will be fine. 
Super upset that my yard received a ticket for being too long yet all the abandoned houses around me have 5ft tall grass. \ That's too bad. Do you mow a lot?
Once a week, makes it hard when I work two jobs like good people do- I am not retired just mowing my yard all do. Makes it hard when my mower was stolen as well..which the police do nothing about..instead of ticketing decent people, they should try and stop all the rapes and shootings in the area and deal with all the abandoned houses \ Absolutely. There are things far more important than lawn length.
My friend just got into graduate school \ And how does that make you feel?
It's great! She really didn't think she would be accepted. \ What is she going to school for?
i hate all the mosquitos that grow during the rain season \ They are bad now too, they are so annoying
yes i hate going out when it is rainny season there is so many of them \ It can be irritating to deal with this time of year
I am not sure about going to this new mechanic. I have good and bad things \ well what are some things that are bad from him
I have heard he overcharges \ ohh i mean maybe you can go and give it a try and see how he does
I was very sad when my company had left me alone the other day. \ Your company left you alone? In what way? That does sound like a troubling situation.
They had to leave on an emergency and so then I was all by myself.. \ Oh, I see. That makes a little more sense. Did everything work out, or are they still gone?
First time I went to my very first Dungeons and Dragons get-together, I felt really overwhelmed with all the verbiage and rules and stuff like that. Had no idea what I was doing and felt dumb. Did my best to learn what I could this time around, and I plan to not drag everyone else down \ What is your character?
I'm not sure yet actually, I think we're collectively making new ones when we gather up tomorrow. I usually play some sort of thief though, as unoriginal as that is! \ Cool, well have a good time theifing!
I can't wait to see the leaves begin to change. \ I just love Fall! I'm guessing that's your favorite season?
It is, I long for it all summer. \ I feel you. Watching the leaves change colors makes me feel peaceful.
Both me and my girlfriend are super scared of spiders, but she made me kill a huge one yesterday.  \ Come on, the worst that can happen is that it kills you.
Exactly!!!! Isn't that enough to fear them?! \ It's certainly a good enough reason to kill them.
i loved taking care of my sisters pet the other day \ awh that does sweet of you, what kind of pet is it? 
its a bearded dragon \ ive always wanted one of those but to be honest i would be afraid lol 
I lost my keys in the store and it took me 2 hours to find them! I was a mess.  \ where were they
Someone found them and turned them into customer service luckily.  \ oh that was nice
I feel so isolated. I just moved to a new city where I don't know anyone. \ I know how you feel I can be lonely sometimes. 
It really is! I don't have any family or friends around. I miss them! \ I recommend taking some time to explore the city and find an hobby or interest and join some groups. It takes time to find a new set of friends.
I just got some crushing news. I just got a call to tell me I did not get the job I really wanted. \ Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that! 
Yea it was a really great opportunity too. It will be hard to find something similar. \ Hopefully something similar will come up soon. Maybe you can check for another position in the company you're hoping for!
I was insanely upset when our CAR got a ticket for being on my OWN lawn. \ did you get it dismissed?
They said I had to move it within so many days or they would TAKE it...Are you kidding me?. They say it's city property yet I mow it and maintain it..and pay taxes on it..Yet I can't park my car on it? \ thats the law!
i was upset when my dog got out \ Maybe he was upset with you.
or i let him out :) \ Then you'd get in lots of trouble as most places have laws that your dog can't be on the loose
I'll be getting a promotion in Feb. I didn't expect it. \ Whoa what a great surprise. Congratulations.
Yep, and it's a 25% raise too. \ I am sure you deserve it. That is fantastic.
I have been traveling for three months now. I am really starting to miss my family and friends. \ Long trip. How can you afford it?
Its really cheap in South East Asia. Its low season and there arent many people in the hostel so I have been thinking of home a lot. \ Okay, I get it. Ever seen the movie "Hostel"?
Something terrible just happened to me! \ Are you alright?
Not really.. \ Is it physical? If you need anything let me know.
I like to wear my grandfathers watch that I inherited for luck. I can still picture him wearing it. \ Does it work for good luck?
I like to think so. It just makes me feel a little better. Its like having him right there with me. \ I understand. Is it a very nice watch?
I uber food fom McDonalds often. I have never gotten a bad order yet. WEird huh \ that's really good! Have you been driving distracted when you uber?
I don't drive. I order the food lol.  \ oh okay sorry, i was just a little distracted about my car accident the other day.
Sorry to hear that \ this semi pushed us off the road I'm still a little freaked out about it
thank you so much, nothing happened to us thankfully my oil pan was broken though \ Well that's nothing compared to what could have happened.
yeah for sure we got very lucky with that. It was just oil everywhere but nothing caught fire. \ Who else was in the car
I ate some homemade ice cream the other day. What a wonderful treat. \ did you make it ?
No my friend has an ice cream maker and she was trying it out. She's got talent. \ sounds like the start of a business
i was happay when i got approved for the day off \ That's wonderful. Always nice to take some time for the self, especially with PTO.
you got that right \ Make sure to enjoy it to the fullest.
I found a big web in my bathroom window one day. I generally don't like spiders but I don't like to harm anything (unless its mosquitos or fleas). \ Yikes. Did you ever find the spider?
Yes..I now have a bathroom spider. He weaves beautiful webs..but he does scare me when he comes out. \ I think its time to invest in a can of bug spray
No way! - I don't use chemicals..and thats terrible. I am not going to harm nature when it does no harm to me. It's needed. \ If you kno
I'm going on vacation tomrrow and i'll be gone for the rest of the week. \ Leaving family at home?
I'm single so, My extended family isn't coming with me but, I've got no wife or kids to leave behind. \ Behave on your vacation :)
I'm going skydiving for the first time with some friends! \ Wow, are you nervous at all
A little bit, but I love doing extreme stuff like this. \ That's exciting. I'd never have the guts to do it so kudos to you.
I think I will get my debt paid off sooner than I originally planned! \ That's so awesome! What a huge relief that must be. 
It's a huge relief but I need to make sure everything goes as planned or it won't happen. \ Keep focused! You can do it! Being debt free is an amazing feeling!
I came across an old highschool photo book. Memories.  \ good memories ?
Yeah a lot of good memories.  \ thats always good 
i was annoyeed when i was told that i had to work last weekend \ Did you have some special plans for the weekend that you couldnt go do? 
i wanted to go fishing \ Well hopefully you can go soon 
I have been working on getting a lot better at my job. It requires a lot of studying. \ what do you do ?
I have to read all the benchmarks that we use to do our work and read all the policies. It is so much reading. \ that sounds interesting
i cant wait until next week! \ What is going on next week?
the kids go back to school \ That is awesome. Kids here start tomorrow so I know the feeling of being ready for them to go!
it was impressive to see someone eat a 3 lbs burger the other day \ I wouldn't want to do that.
well they got the meal for free and a free tshirt \ It's just not worth it.
This has been a very long summer. \ why is that
It's been so hot. I'm ready for Fall. \ i agree with you there.
My friend recommended me for a job at his company. I am so happy he thought of me. \ How nice of him!! you should be thankful to him!!
Trust me. If I get this job I will be getting him a thank you gift. \ now how nice of you!! thats what  are friends for. I Hope you will get a job and your friend will get a gift!!
I am getting a good business this year from office.  \ Very nice. I am sure you deserve it.
thank you!! i can't wait to spend the bonus. So excited \ Good for you. Buy yourself something special.
I'm sad. My youngest son starts kindergarten tomorrow! \ I am sure it is a bittersweet moment.  I can relate myself.  It takes some getting used to
I mean i'm happy for the up coming peace and quiet but it's still sad all my kids aren't babies anymore. \ You will still have plenty of time before your son becomes an unruly teenager.  Cherish it.
I had left my house for the day, and my neighbor called me and told me I had left my garage door open.  I was very appreciative because someone could have easily robbed me \ Oh yeah that's couldn't have been good!
My neighbor probably saved me from getting some expensive stuff stolen.  It is nice to have neighbors you trust \ Most definitely! would you say you live in a good neighborhood?
The othern ight I was having tea outside and forgot my glass outside all night!  \ That kind of stinks. Sorry to hear that! Well, at least there are worst things to forget outside.. Maybe this is an easy learning lesson!
It was gross though when I went to go and get it! It was all full of bugs!  \ I didn't even think of that! That's one thing about tea with me, that I've never gotten into it because you get it and it's so hot, so you have to wait forever to drink it. You set it down and then ultimately forget it!
Girlfriend forgot her lunch, about to go bring it to her. It's going to seem like I'm doing something really nice, but I wasn't doing anything important anyway. Would rather her not have to inconvenience herself since she's at work \ Hey it's a win win! You get the nice points and she gets her lunch! 
Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. I feel a little guilty getting easy credit for something that isn't a big deal, but whatever I can do to help out, I guess. \ I bet she loves you for it either way! It doesn't matter how little the effort was, it matters if it was nice! 
it was suprising seeing someone eat a 3 lbs burger for a free tshirt \ I'll bet it was! That must have been an enormous burger!
yea it was, and it was kinda gross towards the end  \ Haha! I'd need a lot more than a free tshirt to eat a 3 pound burger!
I'm so angry! I lent my friend my expensive, designer dress and not only did she stain it, it's torn!! \ did you beat her down ?
I wanted to!! I'm never lending her anything ever again! \ im sure it will make you feel better.
After working with my boss for years and years, we had our first heartfelt conversation the other day. I'm glad she is here for me in a time of need. \ What happened?
She opened up her arms and heart to me after  my husband left me. \ I'm sorry to hear that. That's awful.   How long were you together?
I got pulled over for speeding today and the cop let me off with a warning. \ You must not have been speeding too much!
I think I was just lucky.  That's the first time its ever happened. \ Were you nervous being pulled over? I've never been pulled over myself.
I moved into a new state recently, and there's a lot to do, but I don't have any friends in the new place I stay at. \  I was late to an appointment recently because I got stuck in a traffic jam. 
How late were you? \ That's so annoying. Maybe you should leave earlier next time
 My brother pulled a mean prank  \ What kind of prank did he pull on you?
 No. Afterwards, I realized it was pretty funny, actually. \ Well, what kind of prank was it?
My brother snapped my skatebaord \ how soon after did the beatdown come ?
Shortly after, he had it coming. \ thats what im talking about!
i was upset when i couldnt get the day off \ Did you talk to your boss?
yea, didnt matter. \ That's awful, what did you want to do?
On my last visit to my orthopedic surgeon he suggested surgery to fix my hip. \ Yikes that sounds scary but overall good for the end results. How do you feel about it? 
Nervous. Surgery is a big step and I'm afraid something will go wrong. \ I understand i would be too but now a days technology is really good just make sure its a reliable hospital! 
I really wanted to go with my family on vacation but I couldnt go and it sucks.  \ That's such a shame. Could you perhaps join them for a couple of days?
No I cant you know how work can be! ugh adult life right.  \ Yeah. Oh to be a kid again and not have to deal with all that! So sorry you're going to miss time with your family. Hopefully they'll take lots of photos!
I don't think I should drive in town today, I have a bad feeling. \ what ended up happening?
Nothing yet but I'm sure something bad will happen. \ oh well good luck
i was pissed when someone put a dent in my door \ Oh no, did they leave a note?
no they did not \ What a jerk, I'm sorry that happened.
Im going to the beach after work, and I am so excited, cant wait.... counting down every little second.  \ That sounds pretty awesome. How long until you get off from work?
2 more hours and i am outtie!  \ hahaha hope you have fun!
I'm making guacamole for the first time. \ Did someone give you a recipe or did you google it? Keep tasting it until you get what you want! 
Oh I definitely google'd it. I hope it turns out well. It does have a lot of good reviews. \ As long as it has good reviews, make sure you put a little squeeze of lime in it at the end. It really brings out the flavor. right before you serve it tho. 
Got a box of ramen. Should last me through the week. \ I love ramen! not the healthiest food in the world but tastes good and hits the spot
Oh yea. I don't think I know one person who doesn't like ramen! \ my mom doesn't lol but she is crazy about healthy vegetarian food ,so :)
I'm about to go overseas and i was so overwhelmed with packing and getting ready and my friend came over and helped me to pack  \ That's a good friend you got there.
she is wonderful! She helped me out so many times i don't know what i would do withiut her \ Never take someone like that for granted. They are so rare.
Cell phones are great, but sometimes they can cause situations that are uncomfortable. \ What types of situations are you referring to?
Usually they just interupt with a ring. But Youtube is on my lock screen and it played out loud while I was inline, and it was not an appropriate topic! \ lol, did everyone around you make funny faces?
I am starting a scary type of new job today. \ Exciting, is it hazardous scary or more excited scary?
Yes, it is hazardous because of chemicals. And also my friend told me that the people working there are not fun and also not very nice. \ Well, go in with an open mind and maybe your experience will be different. And be sure you pay attention to the safety requirement!
Thank you! \ Chemicals mean serious business, but you landed the job. Good luck with doing well.
I have a big test coming up, I wish time would hurry up so I can get it over with. \ Ahhh i bet your nerves are thru the roof. Whens the test date? 
Next Tuesday!  \ I wish you a lot of luck, and try not to let it get the best of you ( way easy to say... way hard to actually do. i know ) 
I have been waiting a few weeks for a bird cage to come, and it was supposed to come today but it hasnt. :( Bummed. \ Have you asked the merchant why it is late?
Yeah to no response of course. I am upset about it.  \ I would be too! They should be more diligent with their shipping estimates!
The new job for me is going to be great! \ What field are you in?
It is the field of technology \ That is awesome, I hope it goes well
I have never cheated on a person I have been in a relationship with. \ Did you ever get cheated on?
No thankfully, I feel that would be wrong to do \ Well that is good for you then!
Well, Fall is almost upon us at last. \ Is Fall your favorite season?
Yes, it certainly is...and winter my second favorite. \ Summer is my favorite because it means vacation!
I was in the city last week, I saw a homeless man picking through the garbage \ Did you stop to help him?
No I was grossed out by him digging through the trash and eating it. \ We've all been there...at least I have.
a few months back I was interviewing for a job an was totally confident going in. \ That's great, how did the interview end up going?
it went better than expected.  I went in preparing for tons of questions not knowing what would be asked and I was able to answer them with ease. \ That's always great, better be be over prepared. So, did you get the job offer?
So about a year ago now, my girlfriend decided to surprise me with a puppy! \ Oh wow, puppies are nice.  What kind of puppy did you get?
Yes, so nice!! It was the best thing that could've happened! It's a German Shepherd!  \ Thats a nice breed of dog.  I just went on a camping trip with a relative who has one, they are very loyal and smart of course.  Was he/she your first pet?
My dog died today :( \ I am so sorry to hear that. Was she able to go surrounded by you guys?
Yes, she had cancer so we knew she was going to pass soon. My daughter won't stop crying. \ It's hard to lose a family member like that. You guys should take some time to grieve.
This dude keeps blowing up my girlfriend's phone \ Oh wow, is he flirting with her? Does he know she is a relationship with you?
Yea, he knows she's with me. Dude is just rude. \ I would defenitly just have her block the number, so he gets the message. 
Someone at work keeps stealing my lunch from the fridge! So infuriating! \ Could you get with your HR department to see if they can assist?
I might give that a try. But whoever did it had probably better hope that I don't find out who they are! \ What would you do to them?
I start my new job tomorrow. \ Nice! What will you be doing?
I will be working as a consultant, I am extremely nervous \ Nothing to be nervous about, I'm sure you'll do fine!
Thanksgiving is almost here.  \ i know i am really exited, what do you have planned?
I plan to spend the holiday with my family and eat lots of good food. I am so appreciative of this day. \ that is what i love the most about Thanksgiving the food is always the best
my daughter went on vacation with her friends and the house feels so lonely \ Where did they go?
they went to the beach for 1 week \ That sounds like so much fun!
I'm moving to a new apartment in a few weeks and can't wait! No more obnoxious upstairs neighbors! \ That's great!  I've got to deal with loud neighbors too.  Anything specific they do?
Stomp around at all times of the day and night, screeching into their cellphones and playing loud video games. What do yours do? \ Loud running toddler who pitches fits at random times, day or night.  Sounds like a similar level of noise :P
My wife has been out of the country for two months, and is coming back in a week! \ Oh wow, I bet you can't wait! I remember when I had to spend a summer overseas and it was awful to be away from my husband.
It sure is.  It's just been me and the dogs all summer, I've gotten super bored :P \ Well, she'll be back soon and you'll have loads of catching up to do. I bet the dogs missed her too!
I just recently applied for my dream college \ That is so awesome, have you been accepted yet/
Not yet, but I hope i do! \ I hope you do too! Applying is a huge step in the right direction!
I hope you do too! Applying is a huge step in the right direction! \ Could you elaborate as to why?
I had such a huge spider ran past me in the bathroom. I am so grossed out by all the bugs here! \ Oh no could you call an exterminator?
We had a tornado touch down near our house, only about 1 mile away. It ended up being a deadly one too.  \ Any damage to where you live ?
a lot of damage all around, minor damage to my home but it was real bad  \ I hope you can get it all cleaned up without too much trouble.
Have you ever felt alone in a crowd. \ Probably once or twice in my life, but I dont go anywhere alone so... :/ 
I sometimes feel this way. It's kinda sad. \ That is really crappy, i think whatever makes you feel that way you should try to figure it out and battle it! You deserve to be happy all the time. 
I don't like the dark. \ Yea, I used to hate it too.
I get so worried about something happening to me. \ Like a paranormal type fear or a human with intent to harm type fear?
My brother has developed a habit of prank calling me. \ That would be annoying.
Yea, occasionally it is funny but most of the time it is bothersome. \ That would be bothersome, especially if it's taking away from your time.
i feel that with my training lately im going to win my next week soccer game \ I'm sure you'll do great!  How long have you been training?
for this specific game for about 3 months \ Wow, that's a lot of dedication!  I believe in you!
After my wife and I moved I went through a while of unemployment.  It was really tough not being able to support us. \ i can imagine, i have been there and it is the worst just belive in yourself
It's gotten better now, but it could still get even better.  Just got to keep on moving. \ yeah it always gets bbbetter that is the good thing
Hi, I bought myself a new gadget today \ That is always fun to do.  What did you get yourself?
It is a touch screen computer tablet. \ That is very cool.   I like tech that is practical but also fun to use.  
I got a call from my friend.  Him and his wife are expecting their first kid and were just told they are having triplets! \ Do you know what their names will be?
I have no idea.  I do not think they have them picked out yet.  They are still trying to wrap their head around having three kids.   \ Have you had any kids yet?
The other day I found out that my sister is having twins! \ Oh that's wonderful twins seem really cool.
Yeah she is very excited, she's having twin boys. I can't wait to be an uncle! \ Congrats, I've heard that many twins have a special bond so I hope they have that and do well.
I spilled some sweet and sour sauce on my friends couch while I was eating chicken nuggets. \ Yikes, were you able to clean it up?
Yea I think so I put some rubbing alcohol and then rubbed it with force. \ That sounds like it would do the trick. Hopefully his couch is okay.
The other day I was getting my mail and my neighbors little grandson accidentally let the little devil chihuahua out! I dont think I have ever run so fast in my life!  \ Oh no! They are terrifying little dogs aren't they?
Yes! Their bites hurt so bad and they are so flipping fast! \ They're really loud too actually, they bark a whole lot more than other dogs
I'm really scared of going in for interviews, I always get too nervous and clam up \ Oh I totally hear you there. You cant just like be yourself, and not that being yourself is bad or anything
Yeah, trying to impress someone in such a short time, I just can't represent myself very well I guess \ Yeah me either. Once people get to know me its fine but usually people dont like me when they first meet me. idk!
I've been stuck for several weeks on a part in this video game I've been playing... \ is it really hard? or you just have not have that much time to paly
It's pretty tough. But it doesn't matter now... I let a friend of mine have a try, and he got through it right away! It was pretty impressive to see. \ yeah some people are just naturaly good at video games
i am really happy for next year i have a trip planned to go to india \ That sounds like fun! I've always wanted to visit India.
yeah i have been planning this trip for over 2 years \ Nice. I hope you have a great time!
It is my friends birthday today and we had lunch together. \ What did you guys eat?
I had a hamburger with a large black hair in it! \ lol, did you tell your friend about the hair?
I hope I will win the contest I have entered! \ What contest is that?
I have entered to win a ticket to my favorite amusement park! \ I hope you win!
I had the most wonderful week recently. My neighbors weren't here and I could do whatever I wanted without them stomping on my head! \ That sounds like a relief.
It was. I can't even brush my teeth at 8am without one or the other of them thumping around upstairs. \ It seems like it's a lot of ruckus, I've visited friends who have your situation and I can only imagine. 
That blessed week was so peaceful and calming. Everything felt right in my world. Then they came back! \ Glad you enjoyed that short period of peace. Maybe soon you will get new neighbors or you can get a better place.
Getting a new apartment soon. At least the new neighbors will hopefully be at work during the day. \ Oh, good. I'm sure it will be an improvement from your current situation.
I got promoted to a line cook and it couldn't have gone smoother. \ Congratulations! That's a very good job. What kind of food do you prepare?
It's a Mexican restaurant but they also serve fast food type stuff there too.  It's' a very complex menu, it's a lot to prepare. \ Well they must think a lot of your abilities to promote you like that. I love Mexican food, btw :)
I've had some time to observe how the folks in the kitchen cook and prep. Also there was a new manager and she allowed me to start helping more. \ I love it when managers actually pay attention. Makes the job so much easier and more pleasant. Good for you.
Thanks. I have had a very strict manager before and she seemed a little stiff and reluctant to let me do anything but prep food and not cook. It was frustrating, just watching but also being paid and feel like i was cheating them. \ No, it wasn't you, obviously. Your previous manager sounds like a control freak!
I'm due to get a raise. \ How long has it been since you have gotten a raise?
a couple of years. \ Did you talk to your manager?
I decided to steal a candy bar from the store. \ Not worth the risk is it ?
Oh I think it was totally worth it! I got my favorite kind. \ Okay, you know you can buy them too. And somebody lost for your gain.
My child hit their head really hard the other day, and caused the lip to split open. ugh  \ Oh no! Is he/she okay? 
yeah he is okay, but it was so scary. I freaked out when i seen blood.  \ Blood makes me freak out too. That is pretty scary! I'm glad they are okay.
I went to work with my pants inside out, and I didn't notice until my secretary pointed it out. \ Omg i would have been so embarrassed! :O 
It was very embarrassing! At least I didn't go the whole day like that. \ thats true imagine if you had! it takes a lot of talent tho to put your pants on inside out and still manage to button them. ha ha 
I heard a loud crash sound outside my house last night, I thought someone was trying to break in. \ Seriously?  What was going on?
Well it turns out a bird flew into a window and died, pretty weird. \ Oh that's awful. I am glad you and your stuff is okay though!
So the fiance managed to rewire one of the wall outlets yesterday! \ That's pretty impressive, does he have any training or just all self taught?
A little bit of both!  I didn't know he had these skills but it was really neat to watch! \ Well it's certainly nice to have someone around with handy knowledge like that!
The airport was completely empty the other day. \ that is awesome, i hope that happens to me on my next trip, where where you going
Home, but I thought LA would be crowded even at 4am, it made the hair on my arms stand up it was so creepy. \ well you are really lucky to have an empty airport
i cant wait to see my dog back home it has been 2 years since i see him \ I would go mad, were you away at college or in the service?
college, but i will be seeing him very soon i think \ That is great, I am sure he misses you and will be so happy to see you. He will smell you coming and know your there even before you get in the door.
Ugh, my neighbor's dog just keeps barking all day long. It's driving me insane. \ That is frustrating!  We have a couple down the street that raises hunting dogs.  So annoying all day!
It really is. And I've talked to him a few times about it, but he doesn't seem to care at all. \ I am sure he thinks it's his world, the rules dont apply to him.  Sorry you have to deal with that people can be so rude
So my youngest went to his first day of kindergarten today.  So proud of him.  Silly I know. \ That's not silly at all! I'm sure he'll love it.
I hope so should be home really soon.  Can't wait to hear all about it.  IT goes by to fast! \ Yeah, he'll be all grown up before you know it!
A few months ago we were planning our wedding and I couldn't wait until the actual day finally arrived. \ Did it turn out how you expected it
It was even better then expected. It was very small, but so happy how it turned out. \ I'm glad to hear... Weddings can be stressful
I'm so humbled by all the gifts we've received for our new baby... totally was not expecting it \ That is such an exciting time and really nice of everyone to do that.
Yes, we moved to a different state in the middle of my pregnancy and wasn't expecting much. \ That also helps relieve some stress off of you trying to get everything ready by yourselves.
Today I am going to meet some old friends from school. \ That sounds nice, how long has it been
It is been ages since we see each other.  I hope I.m not that changed. \ It will feel like old times for sure
My son hit his first homerun last night. \ Wow, great! you must be so proud!
I am so happy for him \ Of course,  that is fantastic!  Congratu;e him from me.
My hamster Donatello just died. \ I'm sorry to hear that. How long did you have him? 
I had him for two years. He was my best friend. \ I bet pets are amazing. They're hard to replace once they're a part of the family
My friends left me to go to the theme park. I feel really left out.  \ You still consider them your friends after that?
I've been friends with them for a long time, but I don't know they never even told me. \ That's messed up.
I cant believe my daughter performed so well in the recital. \ Congratulations! You must be very proud of her. What kind of recital was it?
It was a dance recital, I am so happy. \ I bet! It takes quite a level of talent and composure to perform publicly like that. Kudos to your daughter!
I just moved out to the middle of nowhere. Sometimes when I'm home the loneliness gets tough. \ Could you call people?
That's a great idea. I should spend a little bit more time outside of the area as well. \ Yes meet new people!
i hate when my neighboors dog poops on my yard and she does nothing, i dont care if he poops if she picks it up \ Maybe put the poop back on your neighbors yard?
hahaha i mean he does not do it often but it is not a bad idea \ Its the only way to get them to learn
I barely passed my english class. \ that is lucky do you talk much in class?
I talked all the time \ well you probably should start paying much attetion if you dont want to risk it
I always like to eat at my favorite restaurant a few times a week and encourage others to in the hopes it can stay afloat. \ Its good that you like it so much. Why are you worried that it will close?
oh they just seem to not be busy enough somedays \ Oh, I understand. Maybe they make up for it on busy days, like weekends.I hope they stay open so you can continue to enjoy their food.
After studying and preaching for a few years, my husband was ordained to be a minister. \ That's wonderful, it's always good when hard work pays off like that!
Yes it is and he is so devoted to God and living for Him. I was so happy for him. \ I bet so that sounds nice
I was trying to cross over a fence but ended up tearing my jeans \ Oh no, did anyone see
Yea. A lot of people saw unfortunately. \ Thats unfortunate, I am sure they will forget
Last week my mother passed away \ I'm so sorry to hear that. Were you able to be there when she passed?
I was not, I am so devestated \ Sometimes you don't know when they'll pass unfortunately. I hope you take some time to grive.
I went to church with a friend recently. \ How was the service?
It was good, there were many people singing and stuff like that! \ Did you put any money in the collection pot?
My mom threw away my Nintendo, I was pissed. \ Did you dig it out of the trash?
No, I was away and found out when I got back. \ Did you cry yourself to sleep that night?
My brother is getting out of jail next week. \ Well you must be happy about it.
Not really... I'm the one that turned him in. And I'm scared that he might know about that. \ Oh! that is bad then.  Be careful.
Today I learned I was given a raise.  It was out of the blue, I was not expecting it. \ That's a great surprise!
Yes, indeed!  It is not the time of the year when raises happen. \ That's really nice. I hope it was a big raise!
My daughter has a cold today, so I'm taking care of her. \ Im sorry to hear that? Is it a bad cold?
No, not too bad. She'll be fine in a few days. \ That's good to hear. But kids can be a handful when they are sick.
I have a Dr appointment tomorrow to make sure my cancer is still in remission. \ I hope you hear good news.
I think I will. It's been 7 years since my last treatment. I still get nervous when I have my checkups though. \ I understand. I guess you'll always feel that way.
My brother is supposed to be paying me back for the food I bought for him last week... \ It was nice of you to buy him food, but I'm thinking he didn't pay you back.
Nope, I've been waiting for a few days, and I could really use that money now. \ I'm sorry. I know it sucks to need money and be counting on it, and then you don't get it. I hope he pays you back soon.
This morning, my dog knocked down a while box of cereal and it spilled everywhere. \ Oh wow, that sounds like it was a big mess.
Yes, and to make it worse, when I tried to clean it, she tried to eat, so she almost knocked me over too. I was not happy. \ I hope she didn't eat too much of it, it might make her sick.
I bought a new recliner last week, and I am so glad to have it. \ I bet that's super awesome! Is it really comfortable? 
It's crazy comfortable. It has a power headrest, so I can adjust it to fit me perfectly. \ Oh man, I would fall asleep in that
There was a new resturaunt that opened up around the corner and everyone was raving about it  \ Oh yeah? Did you go give it a try?
I did! It was terrible! I was so upset! It was expensive, small, and bland!  \ That's a shame. I hate it when a place doesn't live up to the hype.
I just got a bunch of bills in. \ That is never a good feeling
 I am worried I wont have enough money to pay for them all \ Do you have some bills that you can put off until later?
I went bungee jumping this last weekend for the first time.  I am not so good with heights. \ Will you go again?
I will probably not.  I have had enough nightmares since to make we want to go back \ I can understand that for sure.
usps "lost my mail"! I mean i got ALL my mail but not the letter that had a gift card in it!! hh \ Wow, that's absurd.. Of course it's the ONE that's impotrant.
exactly! And there is no way to track it because my friend who sent it didn't get a tracking number \ That's always so awful.. It's too bad it wasn't something you bought with a credit card and could just dispute it..
There was this one time I was fairly drunk at a bar and this attractive girl was trying to make moves on me, but I did my best to ignore it all.. Having a girlfriend and all. \ that's good! you should be proud of yourself
I was very proud definitely when I woke up the next morning and knew no mistakes were made! \ that's great! i hate when people cheat
I recently went to a race at the local track \ Sounds like a fun thing to do. What kind of racing did you see?
It was dirt track racing, I was astonished by the skill of these drivers \ Oh, I've never seen that. It sounds amazing! If they're anything like the F1 drivers they'll be incredible!
In my last job most of my co-workers had different beliefs to me. It was a little awkward at times. \ That can be a bit uncomfortable for sure. Did you try and avoid conversations
If things got a bit much I'd excuse myself and go elsewhere. I didn't want to get into an argument, but wasn't going to compromise my own beliefs by lying. \ If it gets to be too much be sure to walk away.
I can't wait for Halloween this year. I have so many ideas! I don't even know where to begin. \ Yes! I love Halloween. I need to start making plans myself.
I know it's kind of early, but yeah, I'm already planning it out! I have a three year old now too, so he's finally old enough to actually realize what's going on and enjoy it as much as me. \ That's awesome, I hope he enjoys it too!
I stepped out of my front door this morning... and right into an unpleasant surprise that my neighbor's dog left for me. \ Ugh! I use to have the same problem with my neighbors dog who would poop in my driveway! At least it was my tires and not my feet that got the unpleasant surprise.
