I think he nearly did! It was so sweet. Do you have any pets? \ I have a cat. Her name is Venus. I rescued her from outside after she was attacked by a dog.
Oh, how scary. I love that name though. Very unique! \ Thank you! I am drawn to the stars and sky, and for some reason it just seemed so fitting. What was the puppy's name?
His name is Louie. I thought it was pretty cute \ That's an adorable name. Did your brother name him?
One time when I was kicked out of the place I was staying at, my best friend immediately told me I could stay with her until I got on my feet. \ Oh no, that sounds like an awful situation. What did you end up doing after that?
I stayed with her for about a year until I got my own apartment. We are getting an apartment together in a few months. \ So exciting! It can be fun to have a roommate
She also has 2 daughters, 2 and 7, and a few crested geckos too so I'll have a bunch of roommates. \ I love that. Lots of new friends, haha
I remember sitting in the waiting room before my last job interview.  I was sweating and couldn't stop my leg from shaking. \ I too feel the same. What did happen at last?
The interview went well and I ended up getting the job, so I guess I worried for nothing :) \ Yeah, very good to hear! congrats!
I read a horror story last night. \ Which one?  Was it good?  I've read a decent amount of those, but I'm always looking for more.
It's Chalk, which is written by Paul Cornell. \ I've never heard of it.  What's it about?
The other day I ate an entire pizza. I felt so bad \ What size pizza was it? If it was a large, I am not sure how you didn't get sick.
The other day I ate an entire pizza. I felt so bad \ What kind of pizza was it?
My neighbor is remodeling his house, which I hate, because they start at 5:30 in the morning. \ That is probably so annoying
I have a 3 year old, so he wakes up at 5:30 because of all the hammering going on. \ That really sucks. How long will it be going on?
I have a class tomorrow that I am excited about. \ Oh, that's fun to hear. What kind of class is it? Are you teaching, or a student, or what?
It is a history class. I am a student! \ Oh, very cool. High school? College? I loved certain history classes. Some were hit or miss. And I was never the best at remembering dates. It always depended on how interesting the topic was.
My mom brought home some cheesecake for my little brother, because he did well on his test the other day. Cheesecake is my favorite. I snuck about half of the portion and ate it, and I feel bad. I couldn't resist... \ That is a whole lot of nutrition!
No! Cheesecake isn't really healthy for you.. A lot of cream cheese, butter, fat, sugar. It's a dessert, if you've never had it. And I felt bad since my brother really did deserve it. I got chastised a little bit, and scolded, by ultimately my brother wasn't that sad and my mother decided if I went and bought more, it'd be no big deal. \ Yea, that sounds good. You should buy some more!
MY friend got back with her ex boyfriend \ Oh no, I take it that you aren't happy about it?
I am not. He is terrible. She promised that she was done. Im really mad at her. \ Sometimes you have to let people make mistakes to really learn from them.
Vacation is soon for me! I can't wait! \ Cool. Everyonr needs a vacation. Where are you going?
Just for the beach for a few days but it's really needed. I need to relax and recharge. \ The beach is a great place to relax as long as the weather is nice.
It looks like it will be great weather so even better! \ Well enjoy yourself!
I am going to visit my best friend next month. \ I bet you are excited
Yes very much. I haven't seen her in 4 years. \ I hope you have fun
I knew I was going to win a reward at work. I worked hard for it \ That is always nice when your hard work finally pays off.
It really was \ Now you should go and celebrate.
I won a trip to disneyland. \  HOW SWEET.. HAVE A GREAT TRIP 
I know I can't wait! \ I KNOW .. IT WOULD BE IN TRIGUING .. BY THE WAY , IS IT YOUR FIRST EVER TIRP 
HEY... WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES \ Hunting, fishing and computers.
WHAT ABOUT READING SOME BOOKS ... \ I do read occasionally, do you?
My friends invited me to go to the movies with them after work! \ That sounds really fun. Are you going to go?
I am! I haven't been in many years, so it will be fun to see how it's changed and to catch up with them \ Have fun!
I auditioned for a spot on the LA Kings Ice girls team. \ Oh? That's pretty interesting! How did it go?
I think it went really well. I will find out next week if I made it. \ I wish you the best of luck! I bet you did fine
I feel upset that someone I know would throw away progress constantly. \ I know the feeling.
Right? They continue to listen and do things but none of it is doing anything because it's all a show. \ Well they are the one that has to deal with the consequences... mostly i guess.
I ordered my kids school supplies pretty late this year \ Oh no! Well they have a lot of great deals online right now.
I still think they will arrive on time. I will do better next year. \ Yes you should be fine. You can get two day shipping and get lots of cool stuff.
Yep. I did have to pay a bit extra but I can't send them to school with nothing. \ That's true! Maybe check clearances to stock up for next year soon :)
I feel very protective of the new dog I got in. She was very abused and is just a puppy!  \ Thats a sad thing to hear
She is so docile, and was so starved, I can't help but feel extra protective of her. \ Thats good of you
I'm happy with my new home \ I am glad! Tell me about it?
It has a lot of plants! \ Oh is it a country property?
I am feeling trepidation about payday this week. \ How come? Is something wrong?
I don't now if someone in my life I know will act up and I am not looking forward to any drama. \ Oh I see, do people bug you for money often?
Resting in my bed in the morning is a great feeling, I feel so at ease when I don't have to rush to be anywhere. \ I would love that! Give me that feeling :)
Do you not get it often? \ No not really. I don't have to rush but I don't wake up too happy usually. I am glad you are having a restful time. Cherish it
I had a motor accident, they were really helpful indeed \ oh my! I graduate this year in a short few months. I worked really hard.
You graduate this year? Congrats \ I sure did. Thanks I worked extremely hard!
Did you graduate high school? It's a lot harder than most people think. \ Sure I did! It takes determation to succeed
I didn't think I woudl have to do that much studying. I figured that came later in college.  \ So if not by studying ,what else?
The other day I had to take my dogs out before work, but my neighbor was right outside with her aggressive yappy dog smoking so I couldn't get out. \ Eww, I hate neighbors that have no class.
She usually cares enough to at least time her cigarettes so they don't get in the way with things like work, but not this time. \ Maybe you should start a petition in the neighborhood to kick her out.
My wife told me she's pregnant the other day. I was baffled by the news because the doctor told us she only had a ten percent chance of having a baby. \ Wow.  That's either really lucky or unlucky, depending on what you want.  Are you wanting kids?
Yeah, it just came at an unexpected time. I really want a little boy. \ Well, then congratulations!  I wish you the best of luck, and enjoy this time! :)
I have to put my dog down, she's so sick. I don't know how I am going to cope with this. \ I have had to do this too with my best friends (My beloved dogs). It is hard. I know how you feel because I have been there more times then I want to remember. 
How do you get through it? \ Minute by minute and I remind myself that my best friend is no longer in pain.
I was at a pizza joint and my chair leg broke and I fell to the floor. Everyone in the pizza place all was looking at me on the floor. My face was so red and the manager came over and helped me up. \ How awful! Please tell me you can laugh a little about it now?
Now I can laugh, but when I was on the floor I was not laughing, I just wanted to leave. \ Embarrassing things happen to all of us!
I am sad that someone I know chooses to not take ahold of their life and have a better one.  \ Well, it is almost the fact of life that irresponsible people will not last much and regret will be only consequence for them
EVen more then irresponsible but destructive. They continue to just destroy it and it's very hard to see when so many would kill to have their life. \ I think over time, they will realize how wasteful and meaningless their behavior is and would start to change for better
I am concerned that the prices for everyday products will rise with President Trump threatening tariffs against China \ I feel the same way! Prices have already risen on a lot including for people selling things in certain states.
I am not even sure if he has any concrete plans to tackle this issue. If not, then Congress must act to stop it from happening \ I hope they do. I don't know how he hasn't been impeached yet.
I went to see a movie last night. I wasn't really able to enjoy it though. \ Why not?
There was this couple sitting two rows in front of me.... they just wouldn't shut up. \ Oh man! That is why I watch movies at home. It's just more comfortable.
I was a bit shocked that someone was so nice this morning after being so rotten yesterday. \ Oh yeah? It's always a bit suspicious when someone just changes their attitude like that.
yes especially after they did a lot to you and haven't even said sorry.  I can't deal with people with such huge mood swings. \ They didn't even apologize? Wow, that's rude. Well, hopefully their friendlier mood will last a while.
The last time I had to fly for work, we had issues when it came time to land. \ Oh no, Did you end up lading safley.
Yes, after the storms calmed down we were able to land. It was rough but everyone was okay. \ That's good to hear!
I almost stepped on a snake today. \ Did the snake try to strike at you?
No he didn't.  \ I'm glad you didn't get bit!
Me too. It was venemous. \ Wow. What kind was it?
A copper head. \ Are there a lot of snakes where you live?
I rode in an airplane for the first time last week, and I have never been so frightened.  \ My first time was scary too!
I didn't have a good time. My nerves were shot the entire time \ Was it a long flight?
I am happy my kids are hetting out of the house and going back to school. \ I bet! My sister is happy about that too, she has 4 daughters.
They were so untuly this summer I am happy to have the house to myself for a while. I have three \ That sounds hectic! 
I just moved by myself to Spain to study. \ That sounds really interesting! How do you like it so far?
I am not sure I really like it because I don't know anyone. \ That would be hard! Do you now Spanish well?
The other day someone flipped out on me all of a sudden. \ The other day someone flipped out on me all of a sudden.
That sounds scary. What happened? \ Nothing good. I am not talking to them again. Maybe ever. Too much of it. It's not really any fun to deal with someone who has so much baggage and childhood issues.
I went to the grocery store and someone stole my purse. \ Did you get a good look at the guy?
No, it was when my back was turned.  I am so upset about it. \ that sucks.  Did they place you were at have cameras?
I've been applying for new jobs but, I haven't found one yet \ I'm sorry, I'm sure you find one soon.
I hope so. I'm sick of the place I work at. \ Just stay persistent and it will happen.
My mom was very sick a few years ago, and I took care of her while she was bed ridden.  \ She's lucky to have such a great kid.
Thanks! I was happy to take care of her. Its the least we can do as children.  \ Exactly, we have to return the favor since they put up with us when we were little.
I saw a psychiatrist for the first time yesterday. It was alright, but I have to admit I was a bit skeptical at first. \ I have considered it myself but feel the same as you. Will you go back again? 
I might. It just makes me a little uneasy having to share personal information with a total stranger. \ right, i feel you but maybe it will be good to get it all out!! 
I have never been more reafy for school to start. \ Oh my goodness, me either!
The summer was long a boring so all I did was prepare. I am going to kill it \ Are you going to a Univeristy?
Yes I a junir this uear \ What are you studying to be?
I want to work at the courthouse. Im not sure yet though \ That's interesting. A lot of cool things to learn for sure.
I got cut off in traffic today and I almost hit someone because of it. It made me so angry! \ I bet it did!
I get pretty bad road rage when my life is threatened. \ That is understandable. I have to catch myself sometimes when my kids are in the car.
I hear that. It's hard sometimes. \ If people were just more considerate of the other people around them...
People are just rude nowadays. \ That is so true.
I hit my toe on the edge of the doorway and it bent backwards. I was furious and crying at the same time! \ That must have hurt a lot.Did you go to the hospital? 
No, I don't have insurance. Just like when I twisted my ankle on the stairs and fell. It took months to heal, but it healed. \ You are very accident prone.You should get an insurance right away.
I am very confident on the French Team. \ Are you referring to the 2018 Games in Asia?
No, the soccer world cup finals next Sunday. \ Oh, so you're a soccer fan? I don't really watch sports.
I have been with my boyfriend for nine years now \ Congrats! How is it going?
I think I'm going to break up with him. Nine years and last week he ordered a pizza for us covered in black olives. \ That seems very trivial but do you mean that he still doesn't seem to know you?
Exactly. I realized yesterday he does that all the time.  \ Have you tried counseling, reading going through a program? Are there good things? I know it is hard when a partner doesn't work on a relationship and keep it good
Nine years. He should know already. \ For sure but no relationship is perfect and everything takes work
I feel really glad I have money saved up.  \ Cool. Are you saving for something specific?
For many reasons, business and simply for emergencies. There is a lot going on in my life and I might need it, so it makes me feel relieved. \ I have tried saving like that, but I always end up spending it. That's bad
I am so afraid I will forget my lines during the play. \ What play are you doing?
We are doing the classic Romeo and Juliet. \ You can watch that play anywhere to help you practice.
I need an extension on my rent this month. \ How many days are you looking for the extension?
Just 5. She isn't very nice so I afraid to even ask. I think Im just gonna pay it when I have it. \ You should talk to her at least.
i was happy when my wife brought home our new tortoise \ Did she surprise you with it?
yea it was something i always wanted \ That's so sweet!
My son has been cleaning up after himself without being asked, it's been such a joy to see him take initiative! \ wow i wish i could get my kids to do that. congrats
It's been a long time coming, that's for sure. \ well it seems like he is starting out to become a productive person in life
The person buying my house wanted to move in before closing date.  \ Is that something they can do?
If you let them yes, just worrisome.  \ Can they move in and then not actually buy the house?
The year at school is going to be great! \ Thats a good outlook to have! What year are you on 1st, 2nd? 
2nd. I didnt do well my first year but Im not giving up  \ Never give up, you never lose if you never give up. you got this 
MY friend of 6 years had been saving up for a mercedes since I met her. \ That's a little strange
She was. I thought it was a fantasy, but she actually bought one this year. \ Used or new?
NEW! CAn you belive it?  \ I can. Its good she achieved her dream.
I wanted to take friday off but, I'm unable too. \ Did you already make plans?
yes \ So what are you going to do? Reschedule?
Yeah, i'm going to have to reschedule. \ What were your plans?
Fishing \ Weel you're not missing a concert you can go fishing another day.
it made me happy to see my son had perfect attendance all school year \ That is great.  You must be an excellent parent!
yea.. he didnt fuss at all this past school year.. went every day and gave it 100%! \ He must be a good student too!
My dog had to be euthanized last week. \ sorry to hear that.. what happened ? 
He was very old and had complications.  I am hurting so bad. \ do you plan to look at getting another dog in the future?
I'm unable to clear my exam. \ Did you have a hard time in the class itself?
No, I studied well. Though I lost it. \ There's a lot of people who do not so well on tests, do you get another chance?
I have to get an important medical test done and the results could be not so good. \ what medical test and why do you think the result couldn't be good?
It's a test for cancer and well, it could be terminal. \ Oh, sorry to hear that. Hope you'll get well soon.
I miss when my toddlers were little tiny babies. \ did you take lots of pictures?
So many. I don't want them to grow up. Why can't they be babies again \ i can understand your pain.. feel the same way
i cant wait for my new raise to kick in! \ Congratulations! I wish I could get a raise.
they come in handy.. even a little raise that pays for an extra tank of gas is worth it \ That's so true. I would take anything right about now.
i was looking at pictures of my kids the other day and got a little sad \ S it because they are getting bigger?
yea i wish they didnt grow up \ I feel you. My 13 year old is the worst.
I ordered a half pound of turkey at the deli. That is not what I got. \ did you get more or less ?
I got some weird cajun roast beef. I didn't even notice until I was gonna make sandwiches. \ oh wow.. thats horrible.. our butcher gives you a sample before slicing.. i find this the best way to verify 
The abused dog I took in is finally RUNNING and playing. \ Wow, that's great! You did a great thing by taking in a scared animal!
I try! I am just glad she is calm and nice! thank god! I didn't think she had it in her to play or even run. It is so nice to see! \ It's bringing a smile to my face just thinking about it!
My mom is taking me on a cruise! She's never done anything like this for me before! \ That's great! Make sure to always stay with her, cruise ships are HUGE
I know, she is a wanderer so I will need to keep her close. \ lol, yes stay safe and wow what an experience! I am scared of the ocean but I know how amazing it would be though!
Last week when Toys R Us closed it really made me start thinking of the 90s and my childhood \ I've heard a lot of people say something similar. Did you go there a lot?
I did! I was talking to my husband about the different toys I had. Even started talking about the music and shows from that era \ Where I grew up didn't have one nearby so I get a little jealous hearing about it.
A bad storm was coming in just as I was leaving for the airport so I brought extra snacks in case I got delayed. \ Oh that's good you prepared but that's terrible timing!
Yea, it wasn't as bad as it could have been though. The delay was only about half an hour. \ It's good it ended up not being too bad, storms can be very unpredictable 
My son is 16 months and he finally learned how to use a spoon and a fork. I've been trying to teach him for a couple of months! \ Amazing! I wish I could see a pic of it!
He is still very messy but he really enjoys eating like a big boy \ Oh he will be, but enjoy it, only babies once
Yesterday was a very hard day, in addition to drama, I felt so alone. \ I'm really sorry to hear that :( What happened? I'm here for you if you wanna talk
Relationship drama. Someone who has a lot of mental and emotional issues, thats why I live alone and don't see many so it can get hard on days like the weekend. \ Have you tried seeing a specialist? Or if you are religious to talk to the pastor? 
i bought a new gun and i can't wait to go to the range! I really love going to the range \ Wow, you should be an avid shooter!!
I believe I'm pretty good. I have to be! I work as an armed guard \ ah respect for the armed forces!!. Good luck with your new gun!! Hope you have a blast
Last week, i thought i saw a ghost outside my window!! \ no way!!! I hope you left the house!! I would, and probably would never come back
Well i freaked out like hell and started screaming. But all it was a prank from my friends \ oh wow! I would probably kill that friend lol that's a mean prank
sometimes i trust my relatives a little too much when i shouldnt \ Why? What happened?
left my dog with a relative and they didnt lock the gate and he got out and ran away \ Oh my goodness, that's terrible.
My wife is thinking about divorcing me. \ does she have valid reasons ?
I don't think so. I am really torn up about it. \ you should probably ask to go to couples counseling.. it works if you all are both trying to save your marriage
I got into a small fender bender. the car wasn't damaged, just a tiny scratch! I was shocked when collision center told me it would cost 526$ to fix that tiny scratch \ Wow!  I hate when things like that happen.  I had a similar thing where they would have to replace the whole front body for a small scratch.
that makes no sense! Such a rip off. I told them "no, thank you" i'm okay with that scratch \ Yeah, just keep an eye out for rust building up, but usually it isn't an issue.
When my wife and I started dating, our second date ended up lasting like 12 hours. \ that's a pretty long date! Where did you guys go?
Lunch, a zoo, my apartment for a while, and a movie and dinner.  We just didn't want to go home for the night :P \ That sounds like a fun day! My wife and i used to go to movies a lot!
i was mad yesterday when i saw someone had put a dent in my door \ I sorry the hear that.
yea i wish i saw the person that did it \ You should seek revenge.
I haven't made any friends since I moved out here. \ what have you tried doing to meet new people?
I've tried going to church and bars.  I hate being by myself. \ sounds like a good mix of different crowds
I am a bit envious of my friends \ How come?
They have nicer homes and cars than I do. Plus they are all married. I work just as hard and I have nothing \ Everyone blooms on their own time, you'll get there, I promise.
My daughter snuck out of the house last night on a school night! I could punish her for the rest of her life! \ How old is she? I havent experienced that yet with my daughter
14 and this is so not like her! \ Have you talked to her about it yet?
No, I need to calm down or I might say some things I'll regret later out of anger! \ I was thinking that. I would need a day or two.
I made a surprise visit to my grandma home. \ Does she live on her own?
yeah, she won't depend anyone for her needs. \ That's great! Most of us like our independence. 
Someone broke my window to my cat room and pushed in the screen. \ Oh no, How did happen? 
I do not know. Someone in my neighborhood did it. Bad neighborhood. It makes me furious more than anything \ Yeah, I understand your concern. 
I really think this year is going to end great, and be one for the record books.  \ how so ? moneywise ?
Moneywise yes for sure, but also just in general being happy. I guess money is happiness right now for me.  \ i hear that 
i loved taking care of my sisters bearded dragon the other day \ That sounds like fun but I would be scared. I heard they are friendly tho. First time taking care of it? 
they are friendly once they get to know you.. but when they tense up their spikes can hurt sometimes \ Im more scared about them biting me.. maybe one day ill be as brave as you. 
Kids in my neighborhood put dog poop on my front stoop, how nasty. \ Eww. That is disgusting
It's so gross! \ How did they "put" it there? nevermind. Its just too much
I don't want to know either but I did wish I had a camera doorbell so I could see just who did it and speak to their parents! \ You should still get one.
I always forget my password on websites \ You need to write them down!
Nut then someone can get into my accounts. I always end up resetting everything 6 times. Its pretty sad. \ Do you not have anywhere to hide your passwords?
My son was on the A honor roll all last year. \ Congradulations 
Thank you.  I am so pleased with his performance. \ Is this is first time? 
I lost my car keys and someone returned them to the bar. \ That must be a relief.
It was.  It also had my keyring with *all* of my keys \ Maybe next time you should take a taxi.
Gosh it is already 11:30pm and my kids are still awake! \ That's the worst!. Mine was up extra late tonight too.
It stays bright so late nowadays that it's impossible to get them to go to bed.  \ I know. We just read a bedtime story where the mom paints a night scene on the child's blind to make her feel better.
My sister and I lived close to each other then I moved an hour away. \ I hear you! I was college roommates with my sister and now we live hours apart.
It's hard. We have kids that are the same age too. But we maker it work \ That is so awesome to hear. Thanks to cars and everything an hour is nothing nowadays. Especially when you can put portable DVD players in there for the kids!
I am upset that I have been used for so long.  \ by whom?
By someone I cared about. After you get out of a situation you realize how bad it was. \ i can see that.. your vision is clouded sometimes.
i was scared walking home the other day \ I understand that feeling! Was it late?
it was late and the street wasnt lit up \ Oh man! You do not have a car?
Feeling strange about payday. It is a stressful time  \ I know. So many bills, so little funds.
even more so now when dealing with mental illness of the one getting the payday \ Oh. that has to be really stressful.
Beyond! I never know what they will do with the money. \ Maybe you should do something legally to protect them from themselves
I wish I could but they play a good game when in front of others. They are very smart about it. It's a tough situation..Think Bipolar, ptsd, childhood issues etc..FAS \ I don't know what to tell you then. I've seen it before but not with me personally
I just got cable again. I was upset because I couldnt find anything to watch \ Oh lol! I know, that is why I only watch stuff on the computer. More control over it
Well, we just realized we have the babytv channel. Its my sons favorite. He loves everything on the channel. He is 3 \ Oh yes they have some cool kids channels.
I got angry with my superior. \ What was the reason?
He misunderstood and shouted at me. Actually there is no mistake in my side. \ Maybe you should try to speak with him again after things calm down.
My son made me breakfast in bed today, I'm so glad he's my son \ Pretty good! how old is your son?
He's 8 so it wasn't a fancy spread but he sure did try! \ Yeah, you got the best son in the world!
Years ago my childhood beagle died from kidney failure.  I found him in the kitchen in the morning, he did not go easily :( \ That's terrible.  Was he already very sick?
Yeah, he had diabetes for a few years by that point.  It was just a rough way to go and I hope it didn't take very long. \ Im sorry he went through that.
I recently lost some weight. \ That's great!  How did you go about it?
Diet and exercise and it was rough. I just ordered some new clothes online. I can't wait til they get here. I still don't like trying on clothes in public. \ Trying on clothes is the worst.  I went through a weight loss recently, and it's definitely worth it in the end.  Keep vigilant to keep it off!
I don't get big companies who think they can take advantage of everyone. \ Are you talking about ones that just raise and raise prices?
No ones that don't stand behind their products and services.  When I get a product, it should work right or they should replace it. Or when they make a mistake like charging you twice?! \ And they always get nasty with you like it was your fault and not theirs! I feel you.
I may be able to get my new car by the end of the week! \ Awesome! What kind of car is it and what color?
I haven't decided on what I want just yet!  \ Oh, well if you can get it soon you might want to start researching :)
I had plans to go see a new movie with my sister but she had to cancel. I was really looking forward to our night out. \ What movie were you planning on seeing?
It had my favorite actor. I can go another time but on this particular night I had made plans to see this and just wanted to get out of the house. I stayed home instead. \ I understand that completely, well I hope you are able to go another day that you'd like
When my grandmother passed away, I was so heartbroken, I was not old enough to be prepared for it \ I don't think we are ready at any age to lose someone we love. I am so sorry about your Grandmother.
Thank you very much , I appreciate it, and you are right, we are not ever really preapred \ Take it one day at a time. Remember grief does not have a timetable. 
The other day I had a huge cart full and was waiting in like forever, a new line opend up and the cashier called me over but someone cut me in line!  \ Oh man! I would have been so made, did you say anything to them?
No I didnt because I avoid drama, but my facial expression said it all. On top of that I had a fussy baby with me.. the nerve of ppl!  \ Some people on think about themselves! I would have said something if he didn't look the fighting type. 
I remember getting my first job and just working so hard for that first week cause it was retail \ Those were the days right. I loved those paychecks no bills.... can we go back to that? 
Oh man the thing that got me was waiting for the first check to come in though. Remember that? You're very FIRST one \ Yeah and I bet it was like a whole 100 or 200 bucks and we were probably feeling like a ceo. 
An ex girlfriend of mine was in a bind and needed a place to stay.  She repaid me by wetting the bed last night. \ Oh wow.... a grown woman wetting the bed? Does she do it on purpose?
Yup, she's 40!  I mean I get she was sleepy, and she went before bedtime, but, I don't get it. \ That is weird. I'm sorry, but she'd be out of my house! haha!
I recently was very shocked and happy to find my husband had cleaned the entire house \ That was sweet of him!  Were you shocked because that's something that never happens?
Yes! I was out with some friends and have never come home to a house being so clean after an outing with friends! \ I guess you need to go out more often so he can keep surprising you.
I am appreciative of my family, although sometimes they really get on my last nerve \ I know how you feel. That's everyone' family.
I suppose so,  feel like most people have a decent family, but for the most part I like mine a lot \ Me too.  There are only a couple of people I don't really like and I never have to see them because they live far away.
I got a 100 on my last test. \ That is great, did you study a lot for it?
Yes I did. \ Well then great job, you earned it!
I am scared about my upcoming job interview, I have not interviewed in years \ It's really easy if you think of it as a relative you don't really want to talk to, polite and to the point
That is actually pretty good advice, I will keep that in mind \ It makes sure that you don't say anything inappropriate but you still feel semi comfortable! 
I realized that my bus that I ride to work in every day is a revamped school bus \ How does that make you feel? Is that a dealbreaker
Oh god no thankfully I have fond memories of it. I just realized how cheap the company is!  \ Ah, I guess you have to save money somewhere
Sometimes we can get a phone call that shakes us to the core. \ That is so true. And sometimes that phone call can be a trip of a life time!
My phone call was my mom telling me my 32 year old had just died of a heart attack while at her house. \ Oh my goodness! Once things settle down I will give you the info about our cruise. It will help you relax like it did me!
I can't believe my husband planned this all by himself! My mind is still blown by this! \ Sounds so exciting. What did he plan?
We are going to Mexico. I have mixed feelings, but mostly excited! \ When and how? Are you flying or driving? Just because or is it your anniversary?
I was out of work for a long time due to my company laying off. \ Oh No, how long were you out of work for? 
It was almost 7 months, but I finally got hired somewhere else. Time to celebrate! \ I am sure it was super stressful but I am so happy for you now and yes pop the bubbly! 
I got upset and blamed my daughter for something, only to find out it wasnt her fault.  \ That sucks. I bet you felt bad. I am sure she forgave you though.
Well shes still little so luckily yes, had she been a teen probably woulda taken a few days.  \ That's good. We all make mistakes sometimes.
I was missing my family back home. \ how often do you visit them?
Well they actually came to my home from 300 miles away and were awaiting me when I came home one night, It was so cool! \ That is really nice of them seems you have a lovely family, when was the last time you saw them?
I broke up with my girlfriend last week and it was really hard \ Oh no I am sorry to hear about that, were you together long?
Yeah we where together for about 2 years but im getting over it now \ That's good make yourself available and open for others and you will find the next relationship
I am disappointed by Nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones \ They announce a direct?
They did, for this Wednesday, but it will only focus on Super Smash Bros \ Are you a fan of super smash bros?
They're buying everyone shakes today at work. \ Do you like shakes? Where are they from?
Sonic.  The real question is are these thanks for being awesome shakes, or bad news shakes. \ That is a good question, I would be scared
I can not wait for the new Super Smash Bros, it is only a few months away now \ Oh yeah what game system do you play that on? 
It will be for the Nintendo Switch! \ Ive never even heard of that so I guess I am getting old, google will be my friend later. 
So some parents might react differently but im quite proud of my daughter, she peed on the floor and came to show me what she did. Its the thought that counts. \ That would make me mad, do you have carpet or hardwood?
Its carpet, it didnt bother me because shes in potty training stage and I am just glad she came to show me she did it so she realized it was wrong! ( lol )  \ Oh, well that is a good start then!
Good Morning, for my job I review candidates and the one I had recently was far and away the best one I have ever interviewed \ That is great, did you offer them the job?
Of Course! this candidate is a diamond in the rough! \ Great, I hope they are not just a good interviewer, but a good worker as well!
Old pokemon games make me nostalgic and emotional for some odd reason, they were a big part of my childhood \ Oh wow Red and Blue were the best gameboy games
I think so too, I also love Emerald \ Never got a chance to play that one, was it better?
I was disappointed in the new Mario Tennis game, but it was not the biggest letdown \ Sorry, I have not played it myself. 
Good for you, usually Nintendo does a great job \ Yes, they do. I do love Mario Kart! I would expect the same excellence from all their games. I hope you have other games that you really enjoy.
My mom called me about a year ago and told me she had cancer. \ Is she doing okay now?
Yes, she had a really difficult 6 months and then things started improving.  \ great, I am very glad to hear she is getting better!
I am not looking forward to my job interview, I do not want to do poorly \ You are going to nail it I bet. When is it? 
I am not sure exactly yet, I just got asked to interview \ Read up about it on glassdoor thats a good one online! good luck :) 
One night my neighbor wrote to me and said he wanted to buy my house. :o  \ What did you say to that?
I said yesssssss! Its been on the market forever so I was shocked.  \ Wow, congrats then, glad it worked out!
I just took delivery of a Tesla S! I have put a lot of faith into the auto pilot function! I hope it never fails me! \ It's failed before. Just make sure you keep your hands on the wheel.... just in case.
Yeah, I try to focus, but it is so easy to sit back and just let it do its thing! \ That's cool. Have you driven it yet?
I ran a mile in under 6 minutes for the first time \ What!  That seems really fast!  Did you train alot?  That is amazing!
I've been working on it for a few months now. \ You must feel really good about yourself!  I would be if I could do that.
I was out at dinner with my family, and when coming back to the table from the bathroom I somehow accidentally sat down with a different family. \ That is embarassing, but a good story at least!
Yeah, it certainly lead to a lot of good natured ribbing from my parents :P \ That is for sure, you can always count on parents for that
I feel bad when i lie to my parents, even though I am an adult now \ Yeah, same thing.  They've done so much for me that I just feel bad doing things against them.
Yeah, sometimes they are a bit pushy and commanding, but I still feel bad \ That's family though.  Unless they're straight up abusive, it's just something you have to deal with from time to time.
I am proud of my girlfriend for getting a full time job, I am sur she will do great! \ Thats awesome i bet she will too! when does she start? 
She starts in exactly a week \ woo hoo so you guys going out to celebrate? 
I just moved to a new state, new home.. looking so forward to the holidays this year!  \ Are you gonna go home for the holidays?
No, this is my home now.. just cant wait to decorate and have a beach like christmas instead of snow!  \ Ah that makes sense, I love snow myself, but to each their own!
Don't you hate when you have to give stuff away and then can't? Well, that happened to me recently. I was going to give away some of my son's old toys, but started looking at then and realized that I need to keep them for no other reason than that I was being sentimental  \ That's too funny. You know, I'm the exact same way.. I get so nostalgic with my old things. Can never throw them away!
I know! I am always like I need this notebook that has my 3rd grade handwriting back from the 90s because it will be very useful someday... lol \ Yes, someday... Haha. I love looking back at those kinds of things. It brings back so many good memories. Such a good feeling
I am an ESL teacher and one of my 3 year old students came to school singing an entire song all about the planets. It was so cute! \ Awe, I bet you felt so proud and happy for them. 
Yeah, it was a really special moment for me. Little kids that age are so cute! \ I know, they can be amazing when they are learning and exploring the world... however, I still don't think having a different colored cup than the one they wanted warrants the response they tend to give. ( I have a 2 year old and a 3 year old son)
Haha, I know that argument well. I teach some preschool/pre-k kids and they can definitely be a handful! \ I agree. I am still trying to figure out why they fight so much over Blippi and Peppa pig! They are both horrible, just pick one and get it over with.  I will be miserable through both, lol
I always thought android phones were trash. \ Really? I guess there a lot of people that think that as well. Do you still think that?
It was pretty amazed by the camera on the galaxy s9. Im still an iphone girl though \ Yes, I have an iPhone now and like it pretty good too. I always had Androids before, but I do like Iphone a bit better too!
We are getting our son to go back to college in a few days and it really made me stop and think back to him when he was smaller, and how time flies by so fast! \ IT does go fast. I was just changing my daughters diaper and now she is in junior high!
I know, that's about how I felt too! I think back to when he was much smaller and how adorable he was when he would call me mommy then! \ I miss being called mommy. One day you'll be called grandma
I used to love playing the old pokemon games, I still bust them out every once in awhile for a throwback \ Yes, It's very classic game. 
That is true, I just am really into it, I like collecting and animals, so great fit \ Good! have a great game ahead!
I lose my confidence about my career slowly. \ Why is that?
I finished my degree 4 years back. But still am unable to fit any job. \ I am sorry to hear that, I wish you luck!
I won a trip to las vegas. \ Is it fully paid?
Yes. The whole thing. flight included. \ well congrats, enjoy yourself!
I am afraid of growing up, I am just now an "adult" but not ready to fend for myself yet \ How old are you?
I am 21, so still young \ Do you have a job?
I was very pleased to get this job \ What is the job?
I got the job has an software Analysis and that was aim \ Well congrats then, I am sure that is not easy
I am hoping the new Pokemon game ends up being really good, I am not sure though \ I am also not sure about it
I may buy it anyway cause I love the series \ Why do you love this
I get annoyed by my job sometimes, but at the end of the day it pays my bills \ I agree, most jobs are painful but necessary.
That is for sure, maybe I can find a good one soon \ I am confident that you will.
I remember when my Dad would play catch with me. \ Why does that no longer happen?
I am a grown up.  I miss those times very much. \ You never too old to play catch!
I lost my  temper the other day and said things I shouldnt have said. I let the stress get the best of me.  \ Who did you say that to?
to my wife. ugh bad mistake.  \ Oh, better apologize quickly there!
I am ashamed of myself for being lazy and not going to the gym, I am not sure why I struggle with it \ Same.. for me its because i work so much, and being a parent is so draining for me... i bought a new machine tho im going to start working out on friday. Try to find out whats causing it for you, and take 1 step to fix it you got this! 
That is what I will try, I just keep making excuses \ One tiny baby step in the right direction and everything else will fall together piece by piece!!! 
I was surprised when I was gifted a car for my graduation gift! \ Well, that's great! What a wonderful surprise too! I bet you really appreciated it.
I sure did, I needed a car badly \ It's nice that your parents were able to do that for you. I would have loved it too!
The last time I went to the fair, I tripped and fell. There were so many people around that saw me hit the ground. You can imagine how I felt! \ that is embarassing, but were you at least okay?
I scuffed my knees a bit, but I was okay. I was also with a person that I really liked, so that made it even worse. But, I jumped up super quick lol \ Well maybe they found that endearing in a way!
I am angry that my brother ruined a movie ending for me, that is such a rude move \ That is a jerk move.   What movie was it.
It was the Village, which has a big twist at the end \ That sucks. Sorry your brother is a jerl.
I crashed my truck today. \ Yikes, how did that happen?
It had been raining and the roads were slick and someone pulled out infront of me. \ That will do it, was everyone okay?
I just finished my college exam to see if I pass. \ Did you study a lot for it?
Yes, But I still maybe failed. \ Well I hope not, I am sure you passed!
I am impressed by the idea of the Nintendo Switch, it seems really cool and seamless \ I like it too, what is your favorite game?
I think it is a mix of Zelda, Fortnite, and Splatoon \ I like those games too!
I will never forget the feeling I felt on September 11th, 2001 \ I was a kid then, but I remember my teachers reaction
I was just in distraught \ I can imagine, that was a pretty big deal!
I am trusting of my girlfriend, I did not think that was something that would happen for me \ What happened in the past to make you so hesitant?
Just my family life, nothing with me personally, just fears \ I see, well keep opening yourself up and learn to let people in
My girlfriend decided to jump out and scare me one day. I was so mad and embarrassed that I flinched. \ Did she jumped really high or something?
Not high, but towards me. She popped up from her hiding spot. \ tTHAT SOUNDS LIKE A LOT OF FUN
My wife left me and i am so lonely. \ Oh I am sorry to hear that. Are you doing okay?
No.I am very depressed and suicidal. \ I am worried about you. I hope that you will have someone to talk to. 
After moving away for college I was by myself alot \ Oh, that sounds lonely :(
Yeah I need to find a way to meet others \ How about joining a club?
I was so angry, I threw a bottle of water! \ What caused that to happen?
A server went down and I didn't get paid for my work :( \ Oh gosh, hopefully it doesnt happen next time
i felt nostalgic looking through old photos today \ What were the photos of?
just old family photos \ It is good to have those and look at once in awhile
The Haunted house by me is just terrifying, I could not walk in \ did you go alone or with a group?
With a group \ it sounds like its scary
I'm going skydiving tomorrow \ Oh how exciting, by yourself or with a group?
By myself \ Thats awesome, I have always wanted to do an experience by myself
I couldnt believe it when my son started walking at 5 months of age \ Awesome, sounds like he's ahead of f the curve. You must be proud.
I was jumping with joy when it happened \ Congradulations.
My friend died in a helicopter crash \ Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry.
Thanks for the kind words. \ I hope you feel better.
I am really looking forward to eating dinner later. \ What are you going to eat?
I'm going to have tacos. I can't wait for it! \ Homemade or from a restaraunt?
Telemarketers always call at the most inconvenient times \ They do i hate that, i dont know why but i always get them while in a call
I get them constantly, with or without someone on the other line \ have you tried calling your phone company to complain?
i stold some spare change from my parents \ How old were you when you did it?
maybe like 19, but i felt bad after so i invited them to dinner \ That was nice to repay them back with dinner
I was susprised when my parents let me get my license the day I turned 16, that is not really like them \ Well at 16 you have experienced alot of life and are ready to move on
That is true, it took a lot of convuincing though \ Just be safe out there
I was terrified I was not going to get into college, every day I waited for the mail to see if a letter came in \ Did you end up getting in?
Yes but it took about 10 rejection letters for the acceptance to come through \ That sucks, but that one was worth it I am sure!
When my grandmother passed away, I was devestated, I hated it so much \ Oh no I am sorry for your loss
Thank you, I appreciate it a lot \ You are welcome, keep your head up
I was devasted when I didnt earn the promotion \ What is the job you were trying to get?
Vice President of Operations \ Oh, well mauybe next time!
My sister passed away several years ago. I really had a hard time with the grief and couldn't really relate to anyone that tried to help me with it. \ i'm sorry to hear that. i know exactly what you are going through. My brother tragically passed away 2.5 years ago. He was only 32
Yes, I'm sure you can relate as well. Ironically, that was the same age that my sister passed away. She took her own life, which my mother and I found her, and it was very hard for us all. But, I couldn't burden my parents with my pain, I felt. \ I know how hard it was for you. My parents and my brother lived in a different country so i couldn't even go there at that time to be with them. I felt heartbroken and alone
So i never win anything but yesterday I won in a lottery!! I only won 50$ but it's better than none, right \ Good for you! My husband is lucky in the lottery, but I'm not. But, I would be excited about that $50 too!
I literally never won before! I felt so lucky yesterday! \ You are probably like me, already figure you lost before you scratch the ticket lol. I'm glad you won!
I have been faithful to my girlfriend of almost 3 years \ That's is a really good thing, it helps build trust in a relationship.
That is true, I wish it was not so rare \ Well, that is the way the world works now days. Nothing like it did in the past.
A couple months ago, my wife and I got divorced. \ I am sorry to hear that, what happened?
We just grew apart I guess. House seems so empty with her and the kids gone. \ Did you try therapy at all or counseling?
I get good feelings thinking about my childhood and all the friends I used to have \ Oh, tell me more!
I used to play pokemon and football about every day, it was a great childhood \ Oh I love Pikachu!
We can't afford to live in our home anymore \ Why is that?
We're poor, and bills are adding up \ I am sorry to hear that, I hope things improve for you a ton!
I ma very proud of my son \ Aw, I be so. How old is he?
he is 18 and got accepted at MIT.  \ Wow, congratulations! That is such an accomplishment. He must be very bright
I was really nervous when starting a new job a few months ago.. \ That is normal.We all get nervous on our fist day of work.
True. I think it's best just to push through it, and get it out of the way \ How are you doing on that job nowadays?
Boy, it's been a lot of owrk \ Sometimes we believe is the things that happen to us ... they are many
What sort of things? \ I interpret the difficulties
What sort of difficulties/ \ the lack of humor
Ah, it's no joke is it \ Ok
Having a good job is something to thank \ To thank whom?
to life God to that higher energy \ Is that who got you the job?
Nobody ... that's why I'm grateful \ What job do you have?
I'm an administrative assistant for a construction company \ Are you in a union?
I am jealous of my coworker, he is very smart and athletic \ Have you considered tring to work out?
I do work out, but he is on another level \ That's unforunate.
I forgot my lunch at home two days in a row. \ that is bad, are there other options?
I mean I can go buy lunch again \ that is okay then, but still anoying
My boyfriend surprise proposed to me on vacation with him! \ Wow, I bet you were blown away. Where was the vacation at?
I was! We were on a cruise sailing to Cozumel \ I have never been there, but heard a it's beautiful.
Last year, my father passed away. \ Oh goodness, I am so sorry to hear that. Was it sudden?
Yeah, he developed a stage 4 glioma in his brain that could not be removed. \ That is awful and very sorry you had to go through that. I work at a cancer hospital so I can't imagine going through that with a loved one.
I have been faithful to my girlfriend of almost 3 years \ thats great, thats how you should be
Exactly, I wish it was not such a rare thing these days though \ yes unfortunately
i feel nostalgic going through old boxes in my basement \ What kind of stuff is in there?
just old sports uniforms and toys and stuff like that \ Oh okay, I love going through my old stuff too, it is really fun
The a/c in my house wasn't working this weekend. \ Is it hot where you live?
not too bad right now but it gets really hot  \ I get that, I am sure it is not fun regardless
I am jealous of my coworker, he is super smart and athletic \ No need to be jealous, I am sure you are much better than him in certain areas.
I have not found one yet, but at worst it inspires me to try harder \ I am sure you are much happier at home than he is...lol.
I am nervous about my upcoming job interview, it has been awhile \ I don't blame you. I am always nervous at interviews. Don't worry, I'm sure you will do great!
Thank you, I sure hope so! \ You will be fine, just don't make yourself too nervous!
I saw a stranger on the side of the road who needed a ride.  \ Did you help them out?
I was not sure whether or not to help them. You can't trust anyone these days. \ that is for sure, everyone has a ploy
i felt all alone the other day when my dog ran away \ Oh no. Did you fnd your dog?
he is still missing after 4 days \ I am so sorry to hear that. Have you tried calling your local shelters?
Just got a house for 10k. It's really broken down, but I hope it'll be nice after we fix it up \ thats cool.  i hope it works out for you
Thank you. It'll take some time, but it'll be worth it! \ im sure it will!
I have plans so go to the beach with my wife for a week next month \ That sounds so fun!
I cant wait! we have been looking forward to going back since our honeymoon. \ I hope you both have tons of fun!
My boyfriend told me that he thought the girl that works at the gas station is cute. \ That's a bit rude if you ask me.
It was terrible and it made me feel bad.  \ I can see why. Some people just don't know when to keep things to themselves.
i was hoping to get out on time last week and it didnt work out \ That stinks. When did you get out?
about 2 hours after i was supposed to \ Well, at least you got out
I was devastated when I lost my phone \ did you find it ?
I did but it took a while  \ well thats good
I was surprised when my family threw me a surprise party \ how old did you turn ?
I turned 34 \ congrats
i felt bad when i couldnt get the gift my daughter wanted for her birthday \ What did she want?
a horse \ Ohh wow! Those are expensive I bet
The other day I came across a Facebook post showing all the old stuff from the 90's.. it took me way back to my childhood. \ Good lord you must have had Facebook for a LONG time! I started mine in college so there isn't anything from my younger years.
Oh no, it was just a post someone shared that covered all the old trends, food, toys, tv shows, etc. I had Facebook back in 2010 but not earlier than that. \ Oh ok lol. I completely understand. I had a friend share a post about making mix tapes from the radio with a cassette player. Totally remember doing that!
How old are you? Were you a child in the 80s? I am 30 so I grew up during the 90s. \ I am 33 :)
This year is absolutely flying by! \ I think so too! I swear it was like 2012 yesterday.
Yes! It's already like time to do school shopping for "Fall 2018". Crazy. \ That's insane. I heard that the older you are, the faster time goes by since the percentage of your life that a specific amount of time is gets shorter and shorter.
Yes for sure. Waiting for Christmas as a child was like FOREVER and now as soon as Christmas ends it feels like we are shopping for the next one within a millisecond lol.  \ Right? I didn't think about that. I miss time passing by slowly and being so excited for everything.
I am satisfied to have a good vacation \ Oh yeah what are you doing for your vacation? 
Nothing special. I just travel to my familly. It has been almost a year that I didn't see them. \ Sounds rather special to me! Out of the country or to another state? 
So the other day my daughter went potty for the first time on her own!  \ That is great. It is sweet to see them grow and learn. How old is she?
Shes 18 months old, it really is amazing to see them develop. If only people clapped for us when we used the bathroom... ha ha  \ Funny one ha ha
i didn't see my parents since 2014! I miss them so much. it's so sad that i live in a different country \ When will you be able to visit?
actually in 2 weeks! I'm so excited about it. I'm going there with my son! They've never met him \ Oh boy, that must be amazing for him
I'm so glad my health is good \ that's great! I'm glad to hear that. we often take our health for granted.
We do, and don't do enough to take care of it \ i'm one of those people. Eat junk food even though i know it's not good for me
I was annoyed when my favorite show wasn't on \ what did you end up watching instead
I ended up watching Impractical Jokers \ thats cool
i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house \ Why were you irked?
cause he stole money from me \ Wow! what a jerk
Oh man. I can't believe I made that mistake at work today. \ Uh OH what happened
I was giving a presentation on the project that I'm working on, and I overlooked something simple.... one of my coworkers called me out on it. How embarrassing. \ Oh no, well mistakes do happen, it will be behind you in a few days
I certainly hope so. The sooner everyone forgets about this, the better. \ Exactly good luck
I love to see old stuff from when I was a kid \ Oh yeah? What kind of old stuff?
Old metal lunch boxes like Charlies Angels speed buggy ect \ I always liked those old lunch boxes myself. Do you have a favorite?
Hong Kong Phooey lol \ Nice! I loved that show when I was a kid. I never had the lunch box though.
I am confident about my new job, and I can not wait to get started! \ Awesome, what field do you work in?
I work in IT, what about you? \ Ha, same.  Are you at work right now? 
My sister graduated with an MBA. \ that is awesome, what is she doing now?
Working at a company. \ well, good for her, that is an accomplishment for sure!
It's time to move! \ Oh, OK!  WHere are you moving to?
Another house, it's closer to school \ That's good!  That will make your life much easier!  Congratulations!
My wife and I just put a bid on a house we really want! We are fairly optimistic that we will get it! \ Good luck! I hope it goes well for you :)
Yeah, we don't know for sure, but it looks promising!   \ How much is the house?
So there's a girl that I've been talking to lately... I'm thinking about asking her out. \ That's exciting. Do you have a plan for a date for when she says yes?
Yeah, I already have it all planned out. We get along really well, so I'm sure she's going to say yes. \ What all is on the agenda for the date?
I love when I need to show someone how to do something and everything goes off without a hitch. \ Oh yeah, that's always nice. Sometimes they just don't get it, though.
Fortunately it's usually just not having the best answer for what they ask. I've learned and prepared a lot more this time. \ Wow, you sound pretty confident! You must really know what you're talking about.
I've finally finished writing the book that I've been working on for the last few months. \ Great. Are you going to get it published?
Definitely! I'm pretty happy with this one, can't wait to get it published. \ What is the book about?
To say anything about it at all would be giving too much away! \ Boo. What genre?
I won $200 on a lottery ticket. \ Awesome! Any idea what you're going to do with the money?
I'm going to put it in the bank. I'm saving up for a house. \ That's a really good idea. Better than blowing it on something now.
Oh man. I was cleaning out my fridge, and found something unpleasant. \ OH NO that is the worst! Did you clean it up?
Well I threw it out. It was some unidentifiable stuff in a plastic container. It had been in there for months, I think. \ You shoudl write the date on stuff to prevent that from happening again
My little one got injured \ Oh no! What happened?
She fell off a kitchen stool \ Ouch. I hope she's okay.
Whew. I had a lot of housework to get done, but it's finally finished. \ thats good, its always a good feeling after
Yeah, I'm pretty happy. Now I can just sit back and relax. \ thats the way to do it
i was delighted with how well my nephew did at his little league game \ Did his team win?
yes \ That's great news! I bet you're so proud.
A couple months ago I got a text message saying that my sister was in a motorcycle accident! I was really scared she might have been seriously injured! \ OH no, is she okay?
Yeah, thankfully she just had a little road rash, but nothing permanent. \ Oh great! Does she still ride?
My clothing is making me crazy \ Oh no!  Why are they driving you crazy?
They're totally itchy \ That is no good!  I guess it is time for you to go shopping!
Hey, I used to fill lonely in college - my senior year. I was studying all of the time and single. \ I am sorry to hear that. Are you doing better now?
Yes, that was some time ago. I'm mostly too busy to fill lonely, and around people a lot. \ I like keeping busy too. It really helps me stay sane!
I had an awful time getting gas today at 7/11 because of someone there. \ No way! What happened...was there a confrontation?
Almost..I should have. This guy just kept gawking at my rear and making comments. It's so uncomfortable. \ Oh ok. I take it, he was "cat calling"? There are classier ways of appreciating art.
Yeah, except this art was wearing baggy sweat pants today.  \ Haha. Well, who can judge art, right?
i admired the way my nieghbors helped each other out after a storm \ Storms are the worst and destroy so much.
they are horrible, luckily this one wasnt deadly or too destructive \ My family went through a big storm a few years ago.
I make sure to make my wife dinner every night. \ thats nice of you, what does she like?
she enjoys anything, we are pretty much not pickey. \ lucky you!
I saw my ex-girlfriend on a date with my best friend. \ Oh man. I'm sorry. Do you still have a cordial relationship with your ex?
No, I am so hurt right now. \ Have you talked to your friend?
I am taking a long overdue and much needed vacation this week. I wish i didnt have to fly. \ I am afraid to fly too.
I usually do pretty good on short flights. Longer ones make me a little nervous. \ I know right, planes make me nervous.
I never get to go to the movies. \ That's no fun. Why not?
It's just a sad life that I live. \ Well you can always try to make it better. Maybe you should try to get out more?
I got a terrible phone call yesterday... \ what happened on the phone call?
I found out that my brother died. \ I am so sorry about that.
Ugh, my cat keeps attacking my foot. \ Has it made any scratch marks?
Nah, he just keeps running up, grabbing and biting, then running away. It was cute and funny at first, now it's just irritating. \ Have you tried disciplining him in anyway
Yeah, I've sprayed him with a water bottle a few times, it doesn't seem to work very well. \ Sounds like it's time for a crate.
I didnt think to invite my sister to a party I recently helped put on. \ Uh oh. I bet she wasn't happy when she found out.
No she wasnt. In all fairness it was a group of people I never would have thought she would have wanted to hang out with. \ Yeah, I can understand that.... But it probably would have been best to invite her anyway, just in case.
it is frustrating waiting on hold to speak to a human \ Yea, I hate calling ATT or Verizon they take forever to get on the phone.
it is so annoying! \ I think as we get smarter, it will get better.
My parents won the lottery last week. \ thats awesome, i bet they are thrilled
They are living the dream. \ that is really cool
I didn't expect to get anything for my birthday from my fiance since he's been broke, but he gave me a bouquet of flowers and took me out to eat still! \ Wow!  Sounds like a keeper right there!  That must have been a nice surprise for you!
It really was! He had to scrimp and save, but it was worth it for both of us in the end :) \ It is always nice when someone gets their priorities right!
My coworker can be really aggravating. He is constantly talking and asking me dumb questions! I can never get anything done in peace! \ Oh no! That sounds so irritating. Have you tried talking to your boss about him?
No, I don't want to cause drama.  I just would have thought that he would get the hint when I don't answer him and act really busy. \ That's understandable. He sounds clueless. I've had many coworkers like that, and the best way I've found to deal with them is run away as much as possible.
I am really nervous about work tomorrow! I am supposed to be presenting at a meeting in front of upper management and feel uneasy. \ Wow, I'd be really nervous too. But I know you can do it!
Yeah, I will have to figure out a way to pump myself up before the meeting! \ Well is it after your lunch break? Maybe we can go out and have lunch, and I'll do my best to get you pumped up for it!
So.... my dog got hit by a car last night. \ Oh no!  That is horrible!  Is he OK?
No, unfortunately he didn't make it. \ That is really sad!  I hope it was quick and painless.  I hate seeing anything suffer!
My son asked to borrow the keys to my car this morning. \ Did you let him borrow it?
Yeah. I know most people would be worried about doing something like that, but... I trust him not to do anything stupid. \ That's good to hear. I assume everything went ok?
Yeah, he brought it back in one piece. Which I'm obviously happy about. \ Awesome. Alls well that ends well.
I asked a girl on a date and got turned down last night. \ Oh man, I'm sorry to hear that.
It happens.  I guess i'll get over it. \ Yeah, don't worry too much about it. There are plenty of others out there.
My daughter asked to borrow my car to go out tonight... \ Did you say yes?
I haven't given an answer yet. I'm just not sure if it's a wise idea or not. \ Where does she plan to go?
Boy, it was nice when I wasn't so poor \ Money problems are never fun. Trust me, I know.
I'm sorry to hear that :( It'd be nice if work paid better \ Yeah, definitely. Have you tried asking for a raise?
I was sad when I had to put my dog down last month \ Oh no, I'm so so sorry. I've always had at least one pet throughout my life, and they're truly part of the family.
They are very much family. I cannot believe we get so attached. \ Yes, they're honestly more dear to me than my friends. I hope you're doing okay - I'm sure your dog was very loved and had a wonderful life, so try to take comfort in that.
I was recently promoted at my job. I didn't expect it to happen, but I got it through hard work so I'm pretty excited about it! \ That is great! Doing what?
Thank you! I'm now a district manager for a local chain of businesses. It's not my favorite thing to do, but the raise is great! \ I bet that is nice and probably has good benefits!
My sister made some toast and left it on the counter. So I ate it and inferred the dog must have taken it when she asked. \ That's pretty funny. Did your sister ever find out it was you who took it?
No. My dog eats any food available to her so it's pretty believable. \ One time my cousins dog, ruby, almost bit me for trying to put away a bowl of food. So, I understand how dogs can be with food at times haha.
That must have been terrifying. \ What would you have done in that situation?
Sorry I was thinking aloud of the moment when I was mortified. When I was in elementary school my skirt ripped in front of the whole class and my teacher didn't want to help me! \ Just be glad that everyone in your class probably has no memory of it now.
My wife threw me a big birthday party without me knowing. \ That sounds like such a thoughtful surprise! Did you enjoy it?
I did, i just wish I had known about it. \ How come? Isn't the surprise half the fun?
I recently went on a long road trip. I wasn't too worried, though, because I packed everything I needed to make it as stress-free as possible. ' \ I can never go on long trips.
Why not? They used to bother me, but I'm finding that as I get older, they're not so bad. \ I can no longer afford them, long trips cost the most.
I stepped in gum someone spit on the sidewalk. \ That is terrible! Did you get it off?
As much as I could.  There's still some stuck in the treads on my shoe. \ Man, i would get new shoes!
I never finished college \ That sucks.  Neither did I.   I know how you feel.
Yea, college was rough for me. \ I ended up getting an internship then started working at the place... never finished the degree.
I accidentally tripped while walking into a restaurant and there was a bunch of people around. \ That sounds terrible, i would have cried!
Well I didn't cry, but my appetite was runied so I just went home. \ I understand stand that for sure.
My dog did great at training class! \ That's great, what kind of dog is it?
It's a really big one that we got online! \ Oh wow I only have small dogs, I can't imagine training a big dog.
i have a slacker coworker that drives me crazy he gets to work late everyday and does the minimum to get by \ Is the boss aware or does he seem to skate by unnoticed? 
she is aware but doesn't feel the need to do anything about it. that's what makes it worse \ Is there an HR department you can take it to?
not directly inhouse \ Sounds like it might be time to sit down with the boss and discuss your thoughts and feelings. If moral gets too low it's not good for anybody.
My sunday was great. All my chores were done ahead of time. It was a rare and welcomed day. \ that is awesome. sundays are usually my veg out days.
I wish I could more often, but it rarely happens. Especially during the summer. My yard grows like literal weeds. \ mine is going crazy with mosquitos
ouch! I would not have had a relaxing sunday if my yard was that way. \ i tried to trim my tomato leaves yesterday but i got bit up so bad i ran back inside
I kept laughing at myself for falling down \ Oh no!. Are you ok? Must not have been a bad one if you were laughing?
Not bad but it was funny because I slipped on a banana peel! \ How ironic. I kind of wish I were there to see it.
Ive got a big interview on Friday. It for a job I really want. \ I hope it goes well! are you prepared?
I feel prepared but it is so far from today. I keep pacing and I am having trouble sleeping. I just want it to go really well. \ I think you'll do great!
I keep my dads necklace close to me as much as possible. \ It's a good way to yo keep you two together.
Of course, and it means so much to me. \ Has he passed?
I compete in the Highland games around the country. I just got a new kilt and I look amazing.  \ I am bad at every game.
It's a little different. It's based in picking up and throwing objects like logs, hammers that weight 70 pounds and stones that weight 70 pounds. Being Scottish it keeps me feeling at home. \ I still could not do that, I am very weak human person.
I lost my job. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. It must be stressful. Everything will get better.
I just wish i had another job today. \ Look into hotel. I feel into a hotel job after I lost my job years ago and not manage one. It's a great job. Just don't down on your self. 
I've been very stressed out at work. I had it in my budget so I hired a new office manager. I'm having issues trusting her. \ Do what i did, quit the job and live at home with mom.
I wish. My mom kicked me out at 14 and I've only seen her a handful of times since over the last 20 years. \ I still thing living with a relative is the cheapest way to go.
I pray for better days. \ I hope everything is okay.
Better days will come, and things will be better. \ That is a good attitude.
A man poured a beer on me at a bar. \ I would have slapped him so fast.
I was so upset at him! \ I would have just as mad as you are!
I just pulled up my student loan bill. I've been out of school 10 years and still owe 75k. \ That's awful! Luckily I paid all mine off, but I know many people still struggle with it
It started off at 150k so I've paid a lot but it's still crazy. Make me think I would have been better off to just go work construction or something instead of college.  \ Yea...the education costs are atrocious and, honestly, not even worth it on my opinion. It's just the piece of paper. The material you learn from them can be learned online for free or nearly so
My friend went on a 4 week trip around the world for his company \ Wow, How lucky! I love to travel.
Me too. She works for a travel consultation company so they sent her around to take photos. Talk about the best job ever! \ Wow, It must be a great job. I have a friend that works for a travel agency in Boston in a similar situation. She said since she started she has been to 32 different countries. 
I called out a repairman to fix my a/c today. \ Oh no, your a/c isn't working?! This is a bad time of year for that!
No.  He couldn't figure out what was wrong.  It is very hot out today too. \ Man that's awful, I'm sorry. I hope you're able to get it fixed, and soon!
My boss is piling on the work but keeping my pay the same. He claims he can't afford to pay me more, but I know that's not true. \ Typical of most companies.  Ask employees to do more and pay less.
Yep, it's so frustrating. I'm ready to shake up the system but I feel limited in what I can do, besides quit. \ What kind of job do you have?
I was looking through some of my old pictures a week or so ago, and saw a picture of my grandmother who passed away a few years ago \ I'm sorry to hear that. Were you two very close?
Yes, we were. I used to spend my summer vacations with her when my parents were out of town, so it allowed me to get really close with her. \ That's sweet, I had the same experience with my own grandma too. God bless y'all!
My family disowned me a few years ago. I heard that they were going on the annual family lake trip next week. Thinking about it made me really sad as I remembered all of my childhood memories on this trip. \ Awe, I am sorry to hear that. Do you think there will be any chance of a reconciliation?
I don't know, I have been waiting five years and have sent many emails to my mom  but she seems too angry. I hope so one day but it seems less likely every day.  \ I know it isn't my place to ask, but why did they disown you?
I ran away from home with boyfriend, when I was 16, and we had a baby. I don't regret it because we are married now and have three sons. (: I appreciate you asking, thanks. \ In the end, I hope she sees that you were able to make it work, and if you can and do, she should meet you half way. You are very welcome :)
Thank you so much! I should end the chat now haha but I just wanted to thank you, so if you want you can end it. \ Yeah, I always hate ending conversations as well 2 turns just isn't enough. I will now let you end the conversation, lol
My sister won a bunch of money. \ Aww man.. I am sorry.  Is she at least a good person?
Not at all, didn't give me any. \ Karma will get here someday.
Today I came home and got my mail.. and I got a check for 100$ \ That is amazing, care to share?
Actually I wish I could since your sister didn't.  Too bad it is all make believe. \ I wish, one day that I could get a check in the mail.
My favorite pizza joint went out of business. \ Oh no! Do you have any alternatives?
No, I am so angry about it! \ Oh I'm so sorry :( I hope you can find something suitable, even if you make it yourself
I'm so shocked, my pants fell down in public \ I'm sorry, did anyone see?
I'm hoping not, but it's possible \ I hope you would wear a belt next time.
My best friend has the best job ever. She is paid to travel the world full time and write Blogs on different locations. \ That sounds like a blast.  Compared to my job LOL.  
Yes, I know. Ever day I drive an hour to the same place that is slowly killing me inside and she is jetting off to explore. \ I'm sorry.  I like my job but its certainly not like hers!
I feel so bad for my husband.  He is on the list for a lung transplant. \ Wow, thats so sad. Has he been on the list long?
He just got put on so its anytime now.  They usually wait like 1-2 mths here \ I'm sorry to hear your going through so much stress. My grandmother was on the heart Transplant list for about a month before getting a new heart. Maybe it will be that fast for him.
I hope so he is only 40.. gl to your gma \ Thanks, she got the heart and is doing better. Wow, he is to young for this stress. Good Luck to him and you.
I asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. He didn't bring anything. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  Maybe next time?
I don't know. He disappointed me. \ I hope you feel better about it.
My sister stole money from my wallet. \ That is terrible. What did you do about it?
Nothing, I am so mad at her for doing that! \ Did you talk to her?
well I started my new job this week... It is weird to be with people who don't know me \ I'm sure. But it's a fresh start. Your the new person you can make people think any thing about you that you want.
Thats the hard part!  I feel like I don't know who I am.. or that like I am holding back from being me 100% while I decide. \ Just be your self then. Who cares what they think.
Just finished my budget for the week. Woowa, I'm in trouble it's going to be a rice and beans week. \ LOL.  Be careful.. thats a ton of carbs.
It's better then the alternative. One good meal then water and ketchup soup the rest of the week. \ eww LOL
I just had my birthday, and my family and fiance did everything they could to make it special. I don't have much, but I'm thankful to have them at least. \ Happy Birthday!
Thank you! I hope your birthday, whenever it is, is awesome as well! \ What all did they do for you?
I had to take my dog to the vet today \ Oh no, is there something wrong with your dog?
Yes, he hasn't been feeling well. The vet had to put him down. ;( \ I know words don't really help in this situation, but I'm so sorry. I've lost many pets and it rips your heart out. I'm sure you're dog had a great life with you if it's any consolation.
I was proud when my dog learned to sit. \ How long did it take for you to teach you dog that?
A few days. He was so happy! \ I thought I would take longer, like months!
I did worse on an exam than I expected to. \ Oh no! Were you prepared?
Yes, I studied so hard that I even felt prepared for the exam. \ I bet you will make it up next time.
I was just sitting here thinking bout long long long ago...  \ What about it?
I keeping thinking bout when I used to be a girl scout.. and we would go camping out in the woods \ That is very nice memories.
My manager keep lying to me. He is trying to advantage of me. \ Do you want to yell at him and call him a liar?
I want to do both but I can't if I want to keep my job. \ One time i secretly called my boss's wife and outted him for an affair he was having with one of my coworkers.. lol he never knew..
I was walking my motorcycle out of a parking spot a couple of weeks ago and accidentally laid it on its side. I felt humiliated, especially since there were a bunch of people that saw me drop it. \ that stinks i'm sorry
It's all good.  All it really hurt was my ego! \ at least you didn't damage your bike
i was at work and had to assist a lady with her 2 lice infected daughters \ Gross!  What did you have to do?
cringe under my skin as i got them worked up for the nurse to treat them \ Disgusting!  I am sorry you had to experience that!
One day, I was expecting to get a call from someone later on that day but they never called me. \ Who was it?
A friend \ Im sorry they did that.  That wasn't very cool.
OMG .. I was so scared.  There was a ghost in my bedroom. \ Surely, it was just your imagination.
I know this because A. I smelled roses  B. I got the chills   C. I felt someone touch my shoulder \ I can definitely see why all those things would scare you and make you think you saw a ghost.
I hate bullies. Playground or politics, I find them intolerable. \ Me too, bullies are part of the reason that I homeschooled.
Good for you! Did you find other ways to interact with kids on better terms? \ Well, I was referring to my own kids. They have adjusted well at 17 and 19.
I was frozen in fear at the gym Monday, when a guy started seizing. He got so violent and ran away from paramedics. \ Wow, that must have been challenging for everyone! Was he okay ultimately? Was someone able to help him?
They couldn't capture him, he jumped the fence by the pool and rolled down a hill. I don't know what happened to him. \ That IS frightening! Hopefully nothing you'll have to deal with again!
I just got a raise at work. \ That is great!  It is always nice when hard work is rewarded.
Absolutely! I am so happy about it! \ Well congratulations!  That is a good way to start the work week.
I went to my doctor yesterday and they ran some tests.  I had been feeling weak for a while now and he was concerned.  I have not heard back about the tests yet.  \ Oh goodness, I hope you are okay.
Me too.  It is the waiting that is the worse part.  It is hard to get your mind off of it. \ I really understand your concern.
I am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me. \ That sucks.  I think that happens to everyone, accept the one girl who became a doctor.
Yes, it is sometimes difficult because of some of them are not smart at all. \ Try not to let it get to you.  Life is weird.
5 \ I didn't understand.
Sorry about that.  What I wanted to say is... I am feeling mighty accomplished today.  I won my jousting tournament. \ That is a great achievement. You have been doing jousting for how long?
My whole life pretty much.  It was cool me and my horse were just so in sync today. \ That is nice.
So the other day while parked on the street someone hit my car and drove away! \ Oh no, that's messed up!
I know I'm annoyed I have to pay the bill. \ Hopefully your insurance will help out.
I saw a man pick his nose and eat it. \ Eww that's so gross.
I know, I was so grossed out to see it. \ I bet, I wish some people had better manners.
This week my work offered to let me work an extra day. I thought great overtime. Nope they plan to send me home every other day to even it out \ Oh no. Maybe you can get some things done around the house.
Yea like working on my resume and netflix. \ Lol, That sounds like a plan. Working two jobs is hard.
Ran upon a horrible wreck going home yesterday. One person was laying on the ground. The other girl hit her face and had blood all over it but was conscience.  \ That's scary. I wonder if they made it.
I can't find out.  The one on the ground I was worried about. she wasn't moving \ Maybe you will see something in the news in the next day or so.
Yeah, A girl I know was walking along the road and got killed by a car only a week ago. \ Wow, you must be depressed. Life is short.
I'm so happy I ate good food \ Yummy... what did you eat?  I am hungry.
I had chicken, asparagus, and a portobello mushroom \ That sounds so good.  Like I love that stuff.
I am soooo happy!!  I met the nicest guy on Live Chat. \ How is that so?
What do you mean.. it just happened.  We started talking about task instructions... one thing lead to another. \ Heh that's so cute!
I"m so happy that no one in my family is sick \ I am glad no one in your family is sick.
Thank you! I hope no one in yours is either \ Thank goodness my family is healthy too.
My boss fired me because i kept making him look bad. \ LOL! What did you do?
I outperformed him.  I am so mad about it! \ That's terrible! Can you do anything about it?
I am so lucky to have the things I have. My 10 bedroom house, my cars, my bus \ Wow, it sounds like you have a lot to be grateful for.
Indeed.  Last week I got to go to Bora Bora too.  I am truly blessed. \ I am so happy for you.
My dog is coming home from doggy day care. \ Yay!  What type of dog?
A pekingese!  I can't wait to see him! \ I love a nice squishy face.  I have a Japanese Chin and 3 MinPin
Japanese Chins are so cute! \ yeah a lot like pekinese.. now you know why I have a 10 bedroom house!
 went for a job interview. I got the job offer but they offered me less money then I all ready make for more work. \ But do they give raises more frequently and do they have better benefits. It may be worth it still,
Not for the first few years. The title would be a move up in status but the pay is about a 20% downgrade. I can't take that loss. \ Benefits are worth a lot more than you think sometimes
I am hoping to sell my house soon and move near my cousing \ Has it been on the market long?
No, the  real estate lady said she would be by Wednesday. Can't wait to get out of here. It's in a flood zone . \ I would be stressed each time it rains. I rented a place down state and Hurricane Sandy flooded our house. I can't imagine owning a place in a flood zone. 
i had a bad day and tried calling 2 different people and couldn't get anyone \ Oh I'm so sorry, I'm here if you want to talk
thank you. i was able to talk to them later but at the moment i just wanted to vent so bad and couldn't \ Aw that's terrible :(
I'm so excited to go out to dinner tomorrow! \ is there a special reason?
No, we just won't be home so we have to eat out \ going anywhere good?
Pickle Barrel \ that sounds fun
There is a big storm coming my way. \ I hope you're well prepared!
I am ready for anything that could possibly happen. \ That's good, you sound very prepared and I'm sure it'll be alright.
I heard a loud bang outside my house recently and thought someone was trying to break in. \ Oh no, that sounds scary.
Yeah, it was just someone shooting fireworks fortunately. \ Thank goodness it wasn't something serious.
I was about to eat ,opened the pack and it was a pizza ,you could have imagined! \ Serious? Don't you like pizza?
It was not a question of like,but what I ordered.That was a careless service I must say \ So bad from the vendor
Yes, I was surprise on how he changed to another talk \ What was the initial talk?
I should descript how I could feel when am lonely \ So how do you feel when lonely?
I was walking down the hall at school and slipped and fell. \ That can be embarrassing.  Are you ok?
Yes, luckily I landed on my back and not on my head. \ Sounds painful.  I hope you didn't cause any damage.
So... I go to church every Sunday.  I never miss. \ That is good, you must be very religious.
I am.. I really am.  I pray often and do things for the needy people of the world. \ That is very nice of you to help those that are needy.
Another major life milestone today. My daughter got her driver's license! \ Watch out State Farm!  lol.  Congratulations!
lol.  After only a couple of weeks of studying and practicing she aced the test. \ That is awesome.  She can drive for you now!
I am so nervous.  When I get nervous I smoke too much. \ Oh yeah.  I just quit smoking myself.  You should try something to distract you.
I have, I have.. I smoke pot instead. \ Nice!!  I'm trying to stay away from any form of smoking for now.
I'm been loosing weight January. I'm down 50 pounds. I have 10 more to go but I'm happy. \ That is great. How have you done it?
I've always walked a lot at work. I average 10 miles a day so kept doing that but I cut out all processed food and drinks.  \ That is a lot of walking. I can hardly walk 1 mile.
Anytime I see an earthworm, I run away. I am so scored of them. \ They can not curt you. They are tiny and powerless. 
Yes, but the a slimy and can cause me to throw up. \ don't eat them then.
I wish I was smart like Albert Einstein was. \ He was certainly very intelligent, you can definitely increase your own knowledge though if you work at it.
What suggestions do you have so increase my knowledge? \ Try reading some books or maybe practicing math problems I guess.
I went on a walk yesterday and stepped in some dog poop. \ That isn't good. What did you do when you stepped in the poop?
I went right home and took a shower because I was wearing sandals. \ Did you throw the sandals away or just clean them?
I am not proud of the fact that I ate my friends pizza. \ I guess you were pretty hungry then, huh? Well, I'm sure your friend doesn't mind sharing!
He was not happy, I offered to buy him another pizza but he declined. \ Well, all you could do was apologize and offer to buy another one. He'll get over it, I'm sure!
My husband has to travel a lot for work. It can be hard on a marriage, but after almost 23 years of marriage, I have faith he is loyal and faithful when he does. \ What does your husband do for work?
He is an iron worker, so he has to go state to state at times to build very large buildings.  \ My uncle use to be an iron worker, so I know exactly what you are talking about.
I go to church every sunday. \ That's nice. Have you always done that?
I have since I was little. \ I've never been a person of faith. My parents weren't either.
My wife went on a trip for a week to see her family but I had to work so I had to stay home alone. \ I have never been on a trip before.
I wish I could have went on this one but I couldn't. It ended up bein a long week by myself. \ I have long weeks every single day.
I drive my dads truck! \ I've never driven a truck, only small vehicles! How's that working out for you?
It reminds me of my dad, every single time. \ Aw, I'm glad you have something like that to remember him by. That's a great connection to him to have.
My current job isn't working out, so I've applied to several others. \ I would just quit and live off the government.
Haha, I would if I could! Sounds a like much more laidback way to live. \ Everyone can! Just gotta try.
My new car was robbed last week during the night. \ Oh my! I really hope that you find your stuff. Do the cops have any leads?
No, they have been useless. The car was parked just in front of my home. It is terrible. \ Well I really hope that your insurance was able to cover what you lost. 
I just got promoted to be a supervisor at my job. I'm so happy that my employer promoted me! \ That is great. It is always good to have some recognition for the good job done.
Yeah I'm glad that my company saw and rewarded my hardwork.  \ That is nice.
I miss living in the Caribbean. \ Why would you ever move away from the Caribbean.
I wanted to further my education and the hurricane messed the place up. \ Where did you move to after the hurricane?
I am ready for my vacation to Las Vegas. \ Sounds great, i've never been but would love to.
It is my favorite place to go for vacation. \ How many times you've been?
I won a scratch off ticket last week! \ That's awesome!  How much did you win?
It was just $100 but it was nice. \ $100 bucks still sounds great to me!
I just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! I had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it! \ Addiction is a scary thing! I wish him the best.
It is.  I just think it is crazy that none of my family knew.  At least he is getting help. \ Yes it takes a lot of courage to do that.
I just saw a naked man run through my neighborhood. It was so weird. \ Haha that is terrible! Unless he was hot...
Not even close. I can't believe someone would do that. \ Well in his defense, it's pretty hot out.
My daughter's dentist appointment went so great today! \ Oh really?! Is she not afraid of the dentist?
She was totally afraid and had to be put to sleep to have dental work done and now she was just great and let them clean them without any issues. It was a relief. \ Oh that's great! Sometimes it is just difficult to takes kids to the dentist.
My mom gave me some money to pay some bills. \ That's nice of her, it's good you have such a caring mother.
Mothers take care of kids it seems. \ Yes I'm very grateful for my mother for taking very good care of me.
I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I was pretty confident he would pull through. \ She takes care of me the best she can.
Right, mothers are great. Do you have any opinion on my friend? \ Your friend takes care of me the best he can.
I found a new stray dog eating out the dumpster last Thursday. Today I officially adopted her. \ how sweet and thoughtful of you
I already love her. This is the second stray I've found eating out the same dumpster. They are now sisters. \ You seem to be a very compassionate person, very kindhearted.
I just pulled into Sturgis.  I am vacationing her to see the Rally and all the bikes \ Awesome. I was in Sturgis in 2004. Did you ride out or trailer your bike?
I rode out...what an amazing experience. \ Lucky, be careful some people can get carried away out their. 
I recently ran by an ad online for this online swimsuit store. It seemed to be based outside of the US so I was a bit skeptical to order from them. I ordered anyway and will wait to see what happens. \ where is it shipping from? is it a reputable store?
It was advertised on facebook, and others were commenting on it complaining about the sizing being off quite a bit, so I assumed they had gotten what they purchased, you know? \ yeah. hopefully you will have better luck with it.
i had to assist a mom with two daughters who all had lice \ Oh no! That sounds awful! What a kind thing to do though! Im sure they were very grateful for your help!
i tried to stay positive and see the bright side of it but boy was i itchy afterward \ I hope you took the right precautions not to get it yourself! I can only imagine that, I have never had it and never want to!
I am sure that I will be working for NASA next year. \ Is it an engineering job or something else.
No, I am a pilot and hope to fly one of the spaceships. \ That is great. Would you be an astronaut then?
Poor little turtles keep across the highway and getting killed. I take them to the creek and one walked back up the road.. I couldn't believe it, he got killed. \ That is very nice of you to try to help the turtles.
Finally figured out what was wrong. They go in one direction and you have to keep them thinking they are going in that direction or they get confused. Weird huh. \ That is very odd. Hopefully they won't get killed anymore.
Have you seen fifa world cup final? \ No I haven't 
I got very upset When France won. Croatia should have won. \ I hate it when my team loses too. All that time invested for a loss is disappointing. 
About 6 years ago I was diagnosed with cancer. \ Ohh, I so sorry.
Thank you, it was a very scary situation to be in. \ Hope you are doing better. I'll pray for you.
I'm doing good now after the chemo and radiation. It is in total remission now. \ Good for you! stay healthy
I wake up every morning and go to work. \ Do you like your job or is this something you dread?
My job is what it has to be to get through the day. \ Well I hope you find something you love and you're happy to do. Still searching for that myself.
I've been trying to eat healthier and work out more, but so far I've only been somewhat successful. \ Forget that! Eat pizza and enjoy life.
Oh I definitely do both of those things as much as I can. Pizza = perfection \ I agree, I eat what I want when I want all the time.
I'm so scared to move to a new home \ You have to have fun!
How can I do that? \ Get drunk and go out!
We went camping after getting all the supplies. \ Which supplies did you get?
I got some food and stuff to make a fire. \ Oh that sounds like fun!
I'm moving next week and i'm unsure about everything. \ Where to? What location?
