It looked like a cloudy mist.  I was so terrified! \ Wow, that must've been really spoooky.
One night, I was home alone, when suddenly, I heard a loud BANG! \ Oh goodness, what was it?
It was a ghost! I ran into the kitchen to investigate, and I saw what looked like a white dress flapping out the window.  \ Wow, that must have been a terrible experience.
I was told to wait for a call \ hi
I waited till i got a call \ not for the time
hi \ Hello
how are you? \ Am doing well thanks and you?
Recently my daughter was voted 'Most Artistic' by her peers! She is so talented and we feel lucky to be her parents. \ so very nice.your doughter.
Yes, she has a natural talent, but really puts much practice and time into it.  \ whove very nice ya and super talent.
hi \ hi
how are you? \ fine. But, I think you're suppose to do the prompts, so hope it doesn't cause you a rejection.
what does that mean? \ What does what mean exactly?
this has obviously gone all wrong somewhere \ Well whatever went wrong, I hope it can be fixed somehow.
I feel very good about myself now. \ I'm happy to hear that
Thanks. I think it was a long time coming, so I am happy with the outcome. \ You must've worked hard to get there
I am angry because I didn't get served when it was my turn \ What were you expected to be served?
chicken breast and some fries \ So how did you handle it?
It was least expected though! \ Why is that? and what was 
Was promoted barely a months of joining my new company \ Congratulations. You must have the gods smiling on you
My nephew just had his birthday party, and I loved seeing how happy he gets when he opens his gifts. \ Happy birthday to him! What did he get? 
He got some awesome gifts like LEGO sets and color books. He really is creative! \ I bet, those sound like awesome presents!
A year ago, I found an injured baby kitten in the road while driving. \ Oh no! Did you take the kitten to an animal hospital or care for it yourself?
I cared for it myself. Now she's my beloved cat, Muffin.  \ Awe, that's a sweet story! The kitten got a happy ending!
In the past year, I was caught cheating on my wife. \ That's awful. Did you have to cheat?
No, I just felt very remorseful about it. \ I hope she has forgiven you then
I'm proud that she traveled across the world all by herself. 2 big suitcases and all \ That's great! Who did the travelling?
Wife. And she was 6 months pregnant to boot! \ She must be a strong woman.
I was feeling really sick earlier today. I thought I was going to die. \ Oh, no! I hope you are feeling better! Did you go to the doctor to see why?
I didn't need to! My girlfriend made me soup and took care of me all day. She's so sweet. \ That was very sweet and thoughtful too. Glad you're better!
There was a storm the other day, close to our home. There was a tornado warning near it, so I was afraid and nervous! \ Oh no. I hope you got somewhere safe while it was going on.
Yes, it luckily passed our home, but you just never know! \ That's good at least. Living in an area with tornados is so scary!
I am proud to have helped the company grow to what it is today. It's time for me to retire after 20 years of decicated service \ Wow, that's a long time! Kudos to you. It's hard for me to imagine being in one place for that long
Thanks, the pay and conditions were just right that's why I stayed \ Yea, benefits and pay seem to be the common motivators. I'm glad it worked out so well for you!
Speaking of, I start a new job tomorrow and I can't sleep. It makes me nervous \ You will be alright, it's always like that 
Yes, and I hate it. I wish I could just turn that off sometimes.  \ Think about the positive aspects of this, you are moving forward
I feel pretty bad about some things I have done. \ Really? What sort of things have you done that make you feel that way?
I drank a bit too much the other night and accidentally destroyed some things. \ That sucks, hopefully nothing you can't replace. I'd suggest getting some help if your drinking has become distructive.
My brother recently proposed to his girlfriend, I'm really happy for him. :) \ Oh that is fantastic! I bet your brother was pretty happy too.
Yeah, he gave her my grandmothers rings, since they were nice and we had them available. He's 23 so he's trying to save money, but still wanted her to have something nice. \ That is very sweet. I think they will have a happy and lasting marriage.
I couldn't believe it!  When the battle started to swing my way I remember starting to get that feeling that I may win. \ What battle? What were you doing?
I was playing 1v1 Starcraft on the competitive ladder. \ Is that a video game?
I had to give a speech at work and I forgot what I was saying right in the middle. \ That's never fun.  Did you have any notes to help you remember?
No I did not, and everyone laughed at me. It was terrible. \ That wasn't very nice of them.  It's quite common to forget things.  Hopefully next time you remember!
Last night was terrible! I heard a huge noise and was so scared I almost pooped my pants. \ Why? What happened?
I thought someone was breaking in my house! But it was only my cats being crazy.  \ I see. lol. I hate cats, sorry
I can't wait to get a new car soon \ That's exciting! What kind are you looking for?
I want a compact SUV, like maybe something like a Toyota RAV4 \ Ah. Hopefully something with good gas mileage!
Why won't I get angry at you for not passing your exams \ OK ,why would you in the first place?
Because I have spent 40000USD so far on your tuition and living expenses \ Well ,you played hard! But did you work hard?
3 \ That's ok
Not just that ,but my important documents that's worth a fortune \ Tell me all about it
I feel very good about my relationship with my partner. My partner values my opinion about things. \ ok, so sweet
It makes me feel confident that I can truly confide in them about anything without them judging me. \ your confident to very best of luck
Thanks. It's nice to have important relationships in your life. \ yes, my patner is very important relationship.
hi \ What have your experiences been like?
so nice my experience. \ That's good to hear! Hope that it continues that way.
I am feeling very spooked at the moment. \ Sorry about that, what is wrong
Nothing serious, but I watched a horror film last night and it was very scary.  \ sorry, those horror movies can scare you to death.
I feel angry i have to pay with an interest \ Oh I hate that. Is it a high interest rate?
yes, it is exorbitant just to say \ It's highway robbery. Well I can only hope you can pay it quickly to avoid as much of that as possible.
Hey!  The weekend is coming up :D \ Are you high young man? It's just wednesday..hahaha
It is not hump day!  I was just going to tell you I hope you have a great weeked :)  You got any big plans? \ Oh ok, I understand. Well, I have this girl that I have been wanting to date. I want to ask her to be my girlfriend this weekend
t's not unexpected that you are the best \ This is true.  I have often been told that I am the best.
I am not suprised because I paid for top quality education \ Where do you go to school?
I witnessed a man eat an entire 3 foot burrito the other day. \ Whoa! What was in that burrito?
It was filled with only refried beans and guacamole.  It was the grossest thing I have seen. \ Wow, that's a food challenge type of thing! Did they get anything out of it?
My coworker did an amazing presentation recently. They did a good job. \ That's great! What was it about?
The presentation was about a new client that we just recently got. It was quite interesting. \ I'm glad you really enjoyed it!
Never regretted it one bit ,amidst the spate of marital problems these days \ Good for you. Don't live with regrets. Learn from mistakes and move on.
Sure, I call it synchronizing.... \ That's a weird term to use
not yet ready for the baby, need fix up his room \ OK ,have you done the need full?
Not really. Haven't even started. Got 3 months to go. Yikes! \ OK get started already. A stich in time saves nine  !
It's certainly not something I would want to live through again. I try to fly as little as possible these days \ Why? Did something bad happen to you?
Well yes, to the whole plane actually. There was trouble with one engine but fortunately we managed to land safely \ Well, I'm glad no one was hurt at least. :)
I couldn't buy my brother his gift from an online retailer that starts with an A, because apparently they don't ship to Canada from their .com website. :( \ Oh I think I can guess which retailer you're talking about. I've had so many problems with them over the years
Yeah, it's horrible. I mean, what's so difficult about shipping to Canada? You can pay for other people to ship the item to you from their address, you'd think it would be just as simple for a big company like that. \ I know. Canada isn't even overseas in the literal sense, it's just over the border!
I am so thankful I got a new job making more money. \ That's cool! Has it been a good transition?
I start today.. but I am just glad I have a way to help pay the bills .. I was worried I wouldn't find a good job. \ It can be stressful sometimes. I am glad to hear you found something good.
My parents have been married for many years. I cannot wait to help them celebrate their anniversary this year! \ Thats sweet.  How long have they been married?
For over 30 years! That is a long time. \ Yes it is.. thats great that their love has lasted so long.
I confident  in my children's abilities because I taught them well \ That's good! You should always encourage your children's talents and let them grow
yes, thank you. Do you have kids of your own? \ I do not. I am still pretty young so I'd like to wait a few more years. I don't think I'm quite ready
I went to a newly opened candy store near me for the first time. It brought back waves of childhood memories \ Oh that's good. You will make some good money while having a good time remembering childhood
Well, I don't own it :) But, it did remind me of when I was a kid and my friends and I would go to a candy shop every week \ oh ok I understand 
I can't wait to December when my first born arrives into the world. I'm going to make sure they have a great life. \ Oh wow! Congratulations! That is wonderful.
Thanks I'm stressed, excited and hopeful for the future. Do you have kids? \ I do not yet but hope to one day. I think you will be a great parent! 
I recently started in vitro treatments in hopes of getting pregnant. \ Wow, I'm sure it will work. I've very hopeful for you.
Thank you. Seems like I've been trying forever with no success. \ My wife and I have been together for 12 years, tried years ago and nothing. Waited a while and then started trying again and we got it. Fate has a funny way of working out.
she took me for $1600 in just 2 weeks. What a trap \ Unbelievable. You must be very angry with her (whoever she is).
It's been 7 years and I'm still not over it \ Neither would I, I dislike such greedy people 
I farted in front of my relatives during christmas dinner \ LOL. Sorry. Was it embarrassing or did you laugh it off?
It was really embarrassing, especially since my hot cousin was there. \ Oh my. But why do you care if they're your cousin..
Hi, a robber held me at gun point yesterday \ Really? Please tell me more
I was so scared, he demanded I give him my phone and wallet. \ So what did you do ?
The exams will certify me in my profession  \ That is quite interesting. You must be proud of yourself!
I am happy about my career \ I am glad you are. A good career is essential to live a healthy life.
I just finished doing all my laundry and packing for my trip.  Finally.. ready to go! \ Congrats! Where are you going?
I am going on a cruise to the Bahamas.  Ive been getting ready all day. \ OH I'm so jealous! Have lots of fun!
I went camping the other week, and it was so nice to not worry about everything like I normally do \ Oh I love camping.   Was it relaxing?  Sometimes camping can be work.
It was very relaxing. Camping can be work, but once you set things up it should be effortless. I really needed it \ Im glad.. it seems like we both are getting the vacations we need!
Life has been kind to me. I am grateful \ That's great to here. Anything good happen recently?
I have a good job and a family that loves me \ Sounds like you are doing great. Those are among the best things in life.
I feel good and ready for this semester. \ You did super well I guess
Yes, I planned a lot and got all my things in order. \ your parents must be really proud of you
I stubbed my toe this morning. \ Oh no! I hope your toe is feeling better!
yea i was quited ticked off tho. \ Luckily it will heal soon and you can feel back to normal.
My nephew gave me the sweetest homemade gift of a painting he made for my birthday! \ Thats so sweet.
Yes, he really likes to paint now so he made sure to use all of his favorite colors. \ thats super nice, thanks for sharing.
I was robbed at a fast food place years ago. \ Oh no! Was it traumatic?
Yes, they even pistol whipped the manager. \ That's nuts! I would have been so scared
I had my baby cousin over the other day. He's so cute but he's oh so fragile looking. I had to be very careful. \ The little ones always feel so fragile, what did you do?
I kept him in his little rocker for the most part, but I picked him up with a soft towel when I needed to. \ Little ones love rockers or swings, did you have a good time watching your cousin?
Hi, my son did not get A grade in his math class. \ What grade did he get? He doesn't have to get an A in everything.
he got C+. We are Asian so its a big deal. I kicked him out of the house. \ That's quite harsh for getting one bad grade. You should encourage him to do well without being so rash.
Man, I am having issues with financials at college just because I couldn't get a 34 on my ACT. \ I am sorry to hear that, You can take it again though and try to get a better grade!
Well it was a freshman scholarship so I can't get it anymore. I was really upset. \ Oh, that is not good. You should have done better!
I am feeling horrible.. I cheated on my husband last week. \ Well, good thing is you realized your mistakes 
Indeed.  But now I feel so bad.. I feel like I need to tell him. \ You should get your mind ready for the worst if he does not take it too well
I am pleased with my children's score at school \ Thats always a good thing.  Did you give them a fun reward?
I bought them new cloths and we are all going to Disney World  this weekend \ Thats so cool..  I live in Orlando.. I'll wave to you guys!
I saw a dude drop his phone the other day but he kicked it up into the air and caught it. \ Wow! That is really impressive!
Yea i was shocked. \ Luckily the phone didn't fall and crack the glass! Those phone covers aren't the best.
I made a sweet birthday cake for my nephew, and I was ready with all the ingredients laid out for me. \ I bet he was stoked.
Yes, he loved the buttercream frosting. It always tastes better when it is homemade and fresh. \ yea i 100% agree with that.
Hi, I have a very important exam tomorrow. \ Oh wow, what subject is it on?
For math. I cant help but feel something bad is going to happen \ Well I hope you do good either way.
I was so upset when I didn't get to go on this one trip with my friends. \ That is sad, Why were you not able to go?
They only had a certain number of slots so I just was the last one to barely not get to. \ Oh maybe next time!
I got free tickets and a gift card to buy dinner! \ That is great. With who are you going?
I went with a bunch of people from my school. \ That is great.
I am stressed by my blood test results that I will have tomorrow. \ Wow. What do you think will happen?
I am afraid that I could have some sugar issues. \ Well make sure you listen to your Dr.'s advice!
One of my friends sent me a lot of money for my birthday right when I needed it a lot. \ You read
I do read a lot of articles. \ That's great , sorry for the error and unrelated message previously sent :) but you do have great friend that are dependable
My wife just confessed that she cheated, im irritated at her behaviour. Totally dissapointed \ I'm sorry to hear about that.  I hope you both can find a way to work things out with each other.
There is no fixing buddy, in my religion once a woman cheats she is not desirable anymore  \ Oh, that's too bad.  Well then I hope you can find happiness again in the future.  Good luck to you!
I took some of my friends food the other day. \ That was nice of you. What type of food did you bring?
no i took some of his, i felt bad afterwards tho so i gave him a free meal. \ I see. That was nice of you to repay your friend with the meal.
I couldn't sleep after seeing the most scary movie in the theater! Such a crazy film. \ Oh that sucks sounds like a good movie tho.
Yeah, it had a good plot but the graphics these days are getting so realistic! \ yea the cgi in movies is stellar.
Hi, I have no friends at my new job \ Oh no.  Don't say that!  I start a new job today!
You'll be alright, make sure to talk to your coworkers or you'll feel lonely like me! \ Why don't you talk to yours?  Im so sorry!
My boyfriend has really been getting on my nerves!  He never throws anything in the trash and my whole place is a mess. \ That is disgusting! You must talk to him about this!
I have.. it doesn't work.  He is just so lazy! \ Incredible, kick him out of the house!
My car broke down yesterday and the mechanics say it might be the transmission :( \ Oh no! Sorry to hear that. How are you planning to get it fixed?
Well, I'd have to dip into savings to finance a new car...but that's rough right now when I'm moving apartments \ Ah, I see. Well I hope you figure it out soon. You need a way to get around town!
I had never been to a music festival before, so I was super excited. I was going to get to see my favorite bands, and I was taking a road trip to get there with all of my best friends.   \ That sounds fun! I've never been myself, but I've always wanted to
Oh really? You should definitely consider it!  \ I shall :) I need to make myself get out more. It would be good for me
I was doing some shopping in a thrift store recently and came across a toy similar to one I had when I was a kid. It really made me remember my childhood. \ Maybe you should buy it for keep sake 
I thought about it but I'd really have no use for it now. \ oh ok, I understand
I caught my wife red handed cheating on me I feel so bad \ Oh that's got to be very tough! I'm sorry to hear that. How did you respond?
I couldn't move my body. I fainted because she had introduced the guy to me as her cousin \ That would be pretty shocking overall! I hope you're able to move on from this somehow.
I was going through some old photos of my childhood. \ oh really find anything cool?
Yes and I started getting really emotional because of it. \ yea all of the nostalgia can do that.
my first year of college i didnt have much contact with people which got old quick. \ You must felt really lonely because you need friends in college
yep it really did get quite lonesome at times. \ I bet it can. I had no friends in college either.
I am so happy.  I start my new job today! \ Congrats. I hope you'll like what you're doing
Thank you!  I do.  I am a teacher.  I can't wait! \ That's like the toughest job out there.
Sat here by myself for 10 days straight. Car was in the shop being repaired \ Wow that must have been frustrating.  I hope it didn't cost too much.
It did actually. Made me so mad. Now I have to save up again \ I know how that is.  At least you have your car back!
Last year as a freshman in college I thought I was gonna fail my calculus final so hard. \ Uh oh! So what happened? Did you end up passing it?
Yeah I did really well, though I knew I would do well once I studied a ton. \ That's great. Good for you, bud.
I stepped off the plane and the heat, humidity, and foreign smells hit me like a garbage truck. I was in another world. \ Where did you land in then? India or something?
Wow, what a great guess! Haha. Thailand, actually. \ Aw well that seems like it would be a great time! I hear the beaches are beautiful.
I can't face my wife, I had a child out of my one night stand \ Oh my goodness! Why did you do that?
I was so stupid, now I know better  \ You should tell your wife to clear your guilt.
Some guy just married my childhood crush! \ oh my god!. I hope he loves her as much as you do
I hope so, I am just so envious of him right now! \ Did she know that  you crushed on him?
One time in freshman year I got invited to this really shady sounding party. \ Oh that sounds kind of worrisome.
Yeah, we went to check it out even though we were hesitant and it turned out great though. A lot of fun. \ well thats a relief.
my brother finished high school last year. \ Did he? Where do you both go to school?
it was cool to see us both go off to college. \ I bet it was, college is such a great time.
Every time I look through older photos of my children, I'm taken right back to the time they were that size, and what we were doing! It's a bittersweet feeling, for sure. \ Oh, it sure is, I feel the same way. They grow up so fast! 
Are your kids adults now? \ One of them is! I have an 18 year old and a 12 year old.
I recently applied for a job after being out of the workforce for 13 years! \ Congratulations!!! That can be both exciting and terrifying? Where are you on that spectrum? ;-)
I'm so excited! But a little scared too. I hope I get it! \ I am sending you all the best vibes. Is it in a field you've worked in before?
Thank you! It's a customer service job, which I've done, but in a different industry. \ Happily, a lot of employers seem to be willing to extrapolate that if you had talents in one industry, they'd apply to another. You can always learn about different subjects; you can't always learn how to bring that special spark that customer service needs. Best of luck!
I was forced into covering for my coworker who was supposed to give a large speech to a packed auditorium. I had no time to prepare for it and really no idea what I was doing. I still had to somehow make my way throught the speech! \ Wow that sounds pretty stressful. How do you think you did?
I feel all right about it. I tried my best and did somehow make my way through the speech. But I know it really wasn't very polished at all. \ As long as you did your best, I say have no regrets. You made the most of a bad situation.
I'm feeling pretty good after my performance review at work. \ That's great! I'm happy for you. Will you be getting a raise?
Thank you. Yes, I am hoping so. I did better than I had expected going into it from the initial response. Here's hoping. \ I'll cross my fingers alongside you. It sounds like you deserve it!
There was one time when I was in grade school and the fire alarm went off when I was in the bathroom.  I had a hard time buttoning my pants up and had to walk out holding them together in front of my classmates. \ Oh my god, that must have been so embarrasing! Was there actually a fire?
Nope, it turned out to be a fire drill.  Everyone was laughing at me.  It wasn't one of my prouder moments. \ Its okay, at least now you can look back at it as a funny moment.
SO I was at the mall the other day and saw my ex \ Oh that must have been awkward.  Did you two talk to each other?
No we made eye contact. For some reason I started getting emotional and went home to cry. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  I hope you don't dwell on it too much and can be happy in the future.
Hi, my wife took me paragliding yesterday! \ Wow, where did you do that?
At the beach, I was really scared at first but it was actually exciting! \ That's awesome! I really want to go paragliding someday.
I felt really bad about what I did when me and my  brother got new phone cases. \ Oh my, what did you do?
Nothing too bad, just that one was basically scuffed up and almost broken but I took the one that wasn't and that just made me feel bad. \ Its okay, hopefully it was not too expensive1
i  can't wait to know if my wife is going to have a boy or a girl child \ That's a very exciting time in life. Do you have any preference for gender?
I want a girl, girls are closer to fathers than sons ..hahaha  \ I've heard that as well. I'm male I know I was much closer to my mom.
My son is starting college this fall. The application process was very long and stressful. He studied really hard and did great on his SATs. He actually ended up getting accepted at Harvard! \ That's great, congratulations
Thank you very much! I'm really amazed at his work! \ He will turn out to be a great man
I took the money that my parents have been looking for, I feel bad \ Oof i know how that can feel.
i feel very guilty i would have to confess to them \ yea that would help clear you concision 
I had no roommate my first year of freshman year of college which got quite old \ ok how did you manage the situation?
it was hard since i didnt have many friends at the time, got quite lonesome \ I think you should have talked to the hostel management to help you out on this as well
I walked home through the park last night. There was a homless man there who smelled absoltuely horrible. It seemed like he hadn't cleaned himself off at all in months! \ That has got to be hard on the poor guy. Did you offer any help?
Well he was asleep at the time so I didn't want to disturb him. \ I see. Well he's probably still there.
For 8 months we were led to believe we would move in to our own place. Lies \ I'm sorry to hear that. It sounds very rough. What happened to it?
Instead her stupid grandma moved in to it! \ Oh jeez that's really awful. Can you get it back?
Hi, I was cleaning the dishes and lost my wife's wedding ring. \ Oh wow! That's horrible! Did it fall down the drain?
Yes, and I feel so bad about it. I cant look my wife in the eye anymore \ Well hopefully she should be able to forgive you. It was an accident.
I wanted to spend some time with a friend last weekend but everyone that I tried to get in touch with was busy. That was very upsetting for me. \ They're not very good friends then. You should confront them about this.
Maybe I will. I figured they were just all truly busy. \ Could be, hopefully the wont dismiss you like that in the future!
someone cut me off in traffic this morning. \ Oh my, I hate when that happens. It makes me so angry.
yea i got so frustrated. \ I would be too, some people shouldnt be driving. 
I let my friend borrow my car yesterday and I regret it now. \ oh yea why is that?
Because he crashed it and totaled it! I am so angry with him \ oh wow thats so stupid of him.
I had to take a licensing test last week for my new job. I spent hours studying for it and felt like nobody could be more prepared. \ That is great, did you get the license?
Well I don't get the results back until Friday. But I feel like I did great! \ Well hopefully you ace it!
I have worked all week to prepare for the meeting and feel I will do great! \ That sounds great! What's your meeting about?
Its about the investment trends in our company \ That sounds really interesting. Hopefully you'll get rewarded for your great performance!
I had a friend who was getting married last month. Unfortunatley my job forced me to work on his wedding night. Now I don't know if he likes me anymore. \ Oh that sucks but i think he should understand the situation.
I hope so. He was really annoyed with me at the time. \ thats unfair of him.
I got crashed into this morning by another car who was texting while driving which was horrible \ Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Were you hurrt?
i had a sprain in my neck but my car was ruined. i was really mad. \ Hopefully insurance will be able to cover the car at least.
I was just speaking with my buddy. He is very over wight and somehow finished a marathon last weekend. Impressive! \ wow yes it is 
I couldn't believe it. Just the day before we were crushing cheese steaks. \ He probably stored that up for his energy for the race
I was so let down when i didnt get the last job i applied for.. \ I've been in that boat. What do you think the issue was?
Its hard to know. If I had to guess I couldnt unfortunately. \ That stinks. I've been interviewing also. I had two places call me back for three interviews and then no offer. So I feel ya. Just keep looking.
Hi, I am elated that my dad bought me Porsche Macan.  \ Oh wow that is an awesome car.
I agree, I was jumping up and down because I was so excited. \ i can imagine you would, its an awesome situation.
I cut someone off in traffic this morning, made me feel a bit bad. \ You shouldnt feel bad. It happens to all of us at some point.
yea but still makes me feel bad for doing it. \ Its okay, it was just an accident.
Seeing that  my wife bought a white color when I  asked her  to buy green disgust me \ I would be really frustrated with that as well. Did you exchange the colors?
She promised to go and do that since she realizes how i feel  \ Well it sounds like she's listening to you at least.
I recently won a performance award at my job. That made me so happy! \ Congratulations. You have done well
Thank you very much. \ I wish I can attend a party for this if there is
I'd been having computer problems for quite a while. Finally I decided to take my computer into a shop. I was shocked at how quickly and fast the tech fixed the computer and had it working like new. \ I agree, these shop mechanics can be extremely knowledgeable when it comes to computers.
Yeah sometimes they really are. A lot of my past experiences have been negative though. \ yea but at least now you have found a good, trustworthy place.
I was having dinner yesterday and just stopped for a moment to thank the Lord. \ Well that sounds like a good thing to do.
I agree, I just felt so grateful to have food on my table. \ Well I'm happy for you as well that your needs are being meet.
I had a friend who was really driving me crazy last night. He was constantly calling me trying to get me to help with a project that he's working on. Unfortunatley I really don't know anything about his project so anything I could do was very limitied. \ He should be understanding of that and not keep on. That's just frustrating for everyone involved
I wish he was more understanding. But sometimes he seems to miss some obvious facts. \ Sounds very immature if you ask me
At the time I didn't think it was bad. But after she told me she didn't actually like it, that made me think differently \ What didn't she like?
Well she had never done it before, so I thought it was special \ Well that makes sense.
Someone crashed into my parked car yesterday. \ Omg!, does the place have camera? at least so that the police can track down the person
hopefully, i was so mad. \ If you have insurance I think you will be fine
I am scared that I might not have enough money for food next month \ oh that sucks, i know how that feels, its why i got an extra job online
Thanks that might be an option. \ Yea it was scary but im happy its not bad anymore.
The latest models of cars are sophisticated \ I agree. Do you have a new car?
Not yet,though I'm a car enthusiasts \ Oh cool. I love visiting car shows myself.
I visitied New York last weekend. The trip there made me remember other trips there that I took with my parents when I was a kid. \ OK let me in on it
Well there's no real secret. We traveled to New York fairly often and it just brought back a flood of good memories. \ So what was the experience like ?
I feel so bad for having a drunken one night stand. \ Why does that make you feel bad? You're allowed to have fun sometimes.
Because I am married. \ Oh that would be tough. Have you told your partner?
I applied for a new job yesterday. It seems like a great fit for me! It pays so much better and is so much more stable than my current job. I think I have a great chance at getting it! \ You must be quite hopeful to get this new job then! I hope you do as well.
Yes I really am. I would be very upset if it doesn't work out. \ I agree, but stay positive. There is nothing you can do now.
My mom stayed with me for a few days last week. She was very helpful around the house taking care of all of my needs. \ I hope I will still be helping my kids when they are grown up. I like to feel they will always need me. 
I think they will. Kids usually never outgrow their parents deep down. \ Yes, but they can be a bit of a challenge when they are growing up!
Now I am getting older, I realise there are things that I miss doing, like playing tennis or football. Maybe I should start again. \ You should definitley pick them up again. Don't let age stop you!
Can you imagine a 60 year old on a skateboard!  \ lol well as long as you're fairly active and fit it shouldn't be too big of a problem.
I am sitting here and guessing when will the wi-fi stop working. \ Oh no, I hate having connectivity problems! Are you having bad weather?
Yep its raining cats and dogs in here. \ Oh, it has been raining here a lot too. I will keep my fingers crossed that your wi-fi keeps working!
My stepfather has been in the hospital this week and I haven't called him. I feel kind of ashamed and awkward about it.  \ Why, did you hesitate in the first place?
To be honest, I don't really like him. It hasn't been a very good marriage with my mom.  \ I see than, I could tell you that you should just overcome yourself and do it, but its you own personal business...
Hi, I accidentally had an affair with my wife's coworker.  \ Wow that sounds rough! Have you told your wife about it?
No actually, I can't even look her in the eyes anymore. I feel so bad about it. \ I could imagine. I hope you're able to work through this somehow.
I had planned to get my wife flowers for her birthday but I completly forgot. I feel very upset about having forgotten and think she'll hate me. \ Is there still time to get one? You can if you hurry!
Well it was a few days ago. I'd still be late. \ Hmm I think you should make it up to her somehow. Take her to an expensive dinner. 
I had to help my friend move out of their house \ how did that go? 
It went ok, i was tired after \ Was it a long move? 
My friend stayed awake for 36 hours studying for the MCAT!  \ Haha oh wow, how was that for them
she did well actually, i was impressed with how well she managed to do despite lack of sleep! \ Thats great, im glad she did well
I'm very proud of her for traveling alone at 6 months pregnant \ Congrats you have a baby on the way
Yes. It's a boy \ How many kids do you want in total?
I had so much belief in people that I gave my car to someone and he drove it and never came back with it \ Oh my goodness. Who is that guy?
 someone I met at a religious gathering, so much for trusting! \ What an impostor. 
Is anyone here? \ Yes, I am here
Yes, I had fully charged it and after like 6-7 rides it had 3% left. \ Oh no, I bet that was stressful. What did you do?
My child got sick and I had just made arrangements to go out of town on business.  \ Oh no. How did you handle having two such big priorities come up?
I had to tell my boss I couldn't go and I was so stressed about that. It turned out the weather was bad and all flights go canceled so no one could go. \ Oh, sorry to hear. I am sure your child was glad you were home. Is she or he feeling better now?
This is an important time for our family because our son is applying for colleges this year. We're all nervous! \ It's a great stage in your life, what is he majoring in?
Most likely he will study finance. His grades are good but not the best, so we just don't know what to expect.  \ Well I wish luck to both of you.
Recently I've been enjoying being by myself. \ I like my alone time too. What do you enjoy doing by yourself?
I just love people watch, if that's considered alone time. \ Oh that's is fun. It's a way to be alone with your thoughts, but still be around others. I love to watch people! 
When I wake up and know that I am doing the things that I like, I feel great. \ Yes I can related to that feeling
I don't think people realize iportance of that in their life. \ Well, a great morning leads to a great day 
I am very sure about getting to my kid's school before 1am for the parent teacher's meeting \ Is there anything that could spoil that?
my car is not in the best of shape and if i take it to the repair shop I wont meet up, so what I did is I left home very early \ Seems like you took all the precautions, the rest is not up to you.
My coworker was given a great work assignment this morning. It seems like she did nothing to even deserve it. I wish I could get such great assignments! \ I hate when that happens.  Things always seem to go that way.
I know it's really frustrating. I don't know what I should do at all. \ All you can do is just keep doing the best job you can and hopefully someone will notice someday.
I love by myself and it gets so boring.  Its just me and my dog. \ Your dog doesn't keep you good company?
And that should have said LIVE lol.  She does.. but its not the same as having other people to talk to. \ I guess so but it should be able to alleviate a lot of that loneliness.
I wish I had money. Then she'd sit with me instead of him \ Sit where?
In the club \ The club isn't a great place to find the right kind of girl anyways.  
I am so happy.. my sister just had a baby! \ Congrats. Boy or girl?
a Baby girl.. shes so stinking cute! \ I'm having a boy soon. 3 months or so
My friend went to the hospital last week because of a heart attack! \ sorry to hear that. I hope he is okay now
He's recovering. But I'm really nervous about the after effects. \ he will be okay as long he got the tratment
i watched a horror movie and i feel terrified and anxious all the time \ Which movie did you watch?
lost  \ That is a very scary movie! How are you coping?
It was really hurtful \ What was hurtful may I ask?
Well, they made me leave everything at my desk, walked me downstairs, turn in my badge, and would mail my belonings. \ That sounds like very bad treatment, You should sue them
My birthday is next week and its the only thing I can think about.  \ Well, early happy birthday. What will you do to celebrate?
i will go out for dinner with my friends. I am really looking forward to it! \ Thats great. Enjoy your day.
My son is getting ready to go off to college and I find myself so happy and sad at the same time. I'm just remembering all the wonderful times we had with him growing up. It went so quickly! \ Well you knew that you would have to let go one day, didn't you?
Yes, I have always known that, and I know it's a great thing. But it's hard not to feel emotional about it. Life is about to really change. \ We have only one option when it comes to change, embrace it!
I feel very strange for not feeling any remorse about anything really. \ Maybe you haven't done anything terribly wrong that anyone would feel remorseful about. Do you think that's it?
I think it might just be a stage in life. \ Maybe. It's none of my business but sometimes when people feel this way, they could be experiencing depression. 
My best friend just got a new car. Here I am driving the same car for 10 years.  \ I feel you. I need a new one asap. POS falling apart. Cost me lots for a repair recently
I know how that is trust me.  Why can she get a new one and not me.. UGH! \ They're not cheap let me tell ya
I don't feel bad. It's not like I made her do it. She wanted to \ What happened!
She knew what she was doing. I don't care how old she was. She knew \ This somehow seems inappropriate.
I didn't have any friends when i was younger. \ Why didn't you have any friends? 
Well i was socially awkward due to my learning disability at the time. I would also just sit at my computer and play games. \ What games did you play at the time?
I was commuting to work and a driver cut me off \ I hate it when that happens! were you ok?
I made it out ok, just so irritating \ I always wonder what goes through peoples heads when that happens.
I've bought a lottery ticket every week for years. This week shockingly I bought the winning ticket! \ That's great, how much did you win?
Thank you. $50. Of course they take so much out in taxes \ Still more than you started with.  For that ticket anyway.  LOL.  Congrats.
Took my daughter to the Animal Kingdom for the first time, I think I was more excited than she was. \ Oh that sounds like so much fun! I love animals!
Me too.  But she didn't seem to care.  She loved the Dinosaur ride.  It's a rough one. \ Hopefully she'll get more interested when she gets a bit older.
I agreed to watch my neighbor's cat last week while she was on vacation. Unfortunatley I forgot to do that. \ What happened to the cat??
The cat didn't make it unfortunatley. \ My condolences to the owner. 
Is it terribleto always feel ok, and not wait for the bad times \ I suppose it is.
Than I will go on feeling this way I guess, or do I have another option? \ You always have options!
I bought a brand new car the other day. I parked it in front of my house. Then some neighborhood punks came by and keyed it the first day! \ That is so aggravating! I am sorry to hear this happened to you!
It is. Of course fixing it is so expensive. I don't know what to do! \ Call the police! I hope you nab these guys and put them in jail!
Hi, the workers at my firm have not been performing their tasks to the required standard. \ That sounds horrible. Are you trying to motivate them?
Yes but it is making me livid that they are not listening to my instructions! \ I can understand the feeling. I always feel ignored.
I'm so tired. I was awake for hours last night. \ Oh, sorry to hear that. I was under a lot of stress. What happened to you?
Our dog was baking and I couldn't see what he was all upset about. He never bark like that. \ Oh no, sorry hope it wasn't a snake. My hound dog is alwayd barking.
What was stressful for you? \ Yah, lost my job and trying to find a new one.
She was actually always blind-sinding nice to my face and back-stabbing the other. \ Sounds like someone who is actually not a friend. How long have you known her?
I have known her less than a year. \ I used to work with a girl like that. She always talked bad about me but was nice to my face.
As I opened ,it was a friend I had lost contact with for about 20 years  \ Oh my, that is along time. Did you feel nostalgic? 
Who wouldn't? He just showed up like a ghost from the blues.. Lol! \ I see, you should rekindle your friendship.
I woke up with a pimple on my face and brother won't stop teasing me about it! \ I know that feeling! Maturity I suppose
Perhaps so, but I wish he would just be quiet and stop pestering me. \ Its that feeling you have to live with for now.. Lol!
Do you ever feel that now you have finally grasped what life really is.. \ I can't say that I really do. It's always a mystery in my mind.
Or is the sign of overconfidence, like they say, -  there are two types of bikes, those that were in an accident, and those that will be? \ I believe I see it more as that type. No one can truly know.
I am feeling like I have not been the best roommate lately. \ Why, what did you do, to feel like that?
I feel like I let my roommate down by breaking some of our house rules, and I feel bad for it. \ Are you planning to make up for it?
Some markets have to be avoided, that is if you valued your sense of smell. \ I know what you mean. Wednesdays there's this market I like to go to, but lately it just has so much rotten food
Yet there's still something about that imperfection, do you agree? \ Totally. I still love to go have a look around
I know I will save the money I need for the baby \ What is your plan to accomplish that? 
Just to keep on working as much as I can everyday \ Just don't over do, you have to enjoy being a parent, that's a key to happy kids.
I recently got a care package from my sister who lives overseas. She didn't tell me that she was sending it. But it really delighted me. \ You are so lucky to have such caring sister
Thank you. I agree. She really is great most of the time. \ I hope you can reciprocate by sending her a birthday message  when it's time for it so she knows you care for her 
My dog died, I feel so lonely \ I'm really sorry to hear that. How long did you have it for?
It been 2 days now :( \ That's really tough right now. I hope you're doing something fun to keep yourself occupied.
I have been attacked last week by robber with a knife. I am still terrible afraid of getting out alone. \ I really hope you are alright. Did they catch him?
No, the police didn't catch him. \ Do you at least remember how he looks?
Don't you think that the only one really capable of bringing you down, is you? \ Yes, it is partially true. What is the problem?
There aren't any, I am just drawing a conclusion from past experience.  \ I understand.
My sister is really sick right now with a fever. I've been taking care of her day and night for the last week. \ Are't you afraid to catch the fever?
Not really. I tend to be rather healthy and not get sick even if others around me are sick. \ Good for you, I hope your sister gets well too.
Sometime all it take is one rude person to ruin your day. \ That is very true. Did something bad happen to you?
Nothing major, but I am still learning how to deal with such behavior and always open for an advice.  \ Generally just try to ignore it as best as you can. I'm good about just letting things roll off my back.
My friend who I grew up with recently passed away. \ Sorry to hear that, what happened? 
A car accident. It was pretty tragic and terrible. \ That's awful, people need to be more careful
I was busy due to work and visited my family for the first time in awhile \ That sounds nice! DId you have fun
It was great, felt refreshing to be around them \ I'm glad you enjoyed yourself, it is important to make time for family.
I felt afraid. Still i remember it \ What were you afraid of? 
Two years ago, i was admitted in hospital. I was ill \ Oh No, well glad to see you are here still! 
We have a new manager at work and it isnt going well.  \ what is your job position?
I do sales work, but he always lies to us and takes our bonus money.  \ That's very bad
I was so confident and then three people stepped up and I knew we had the title. \ What do you mean they stepped up but you still had the title. Wouldn't they be the ones with that?
They placed in events that they weren't even suppose to qualify in, to get us more points. \ Oh cool. Well I'm happy for you guys
I wish I never did it now. I thought it wasn't going to come out \ Did you spill something?
Kinda. I thought it was a secret  \ Was it liquid ?
when i went for shopping i parked my car at a no parking zone which i am not aware , police approached the car and was about to tow it away \ Oh no! Those can be difficult to spot sometimes.
yes exactly , but i also had my 4 6 month old 11 month old baby with me . \ Wow. That must have been stressful. I have babies, too. Did they understand?
ya after they had seen my 11 month old baby with me they felt they should not trouble me by towing away car . i felt very thankful to them \ That is a relief. Sounds like you made it just in time.
I accidentally yelled at an elderly person becuase I thought they were being mean to me when they were trying to help me while I was driving.  \ oh what were they doing to you
He was making gestures as I was driving past and I thought he was telling me to slow down. I wasn't going that fast and it distracted me so I got upset. Turns out, he was trying to tell me of severe weather in the area.  \ oh , elderly people are little tough to understand 
He was a very nice man in the end and I apologized profusely.  \ yeah thats very nice to apologize to elderly people 
In the fall, i had a week off and I didn't make any plans because I was pretty broke. My oldest and best childhood friend flew in from where they live in Europe to spend the week with me- they didn't tell me they were coming. It was wonderful! \ oh wow.. where did you all go?
The best part was just seeing each other- it has been five years. We didn't really do much, all our time was spent chatting.  \ that was so great of your friend
 "I was shocked when I didnt win the lottery!" \ Aww, I'm sorry. It  sure would solve a lot of problems, wouldn't it?
yea and i could whatever i want when i win \ What's the first thing you would do if you won a few million?
Hello, I brought dishonor on my family by not getting A in my math class \ oh wow, you should have known better
I know, I am so ashamed of myself. I should have studied harder... \ try harder next time and im sure you will do better!
I was so happy last week when it was fridaaay! \ i agree, I love Fridays, Did you have any plans?
to get chocolate wasted! \ Sounds like a great plan. Also a great way to get diabetes! 
All of my friends are taking summer vacations. I've stayed home and have nothing to do because nobody I know is around. \ why arent you taking a vacation with them?
I didn't have money or time to plan anything. \ perhaps you could invite someone over to your place and watch a cool movie with them over a pizza?
gosh ive been feeling so nervous for the past 24 hours, its almost like an impending sense of doom, To my knowledge theres nothing about to go wrong or blow up in my face but it feels like something is going badly \ I get it. Sometimes I feel stressed out for no real reason myself.
i ordered some semi expensive tablet yesterday so maybe its that but like, i cant think of a logical reason why that would go wrong so im left wondering why i feel so nervous, its really weird, very hard to relax like this \ Well sometimes companies make mistakes. I doubt it's anything you did.
I forgot to do anything for my best friend's birthday this year. I've known him for a long time but it just completly slipped my mind this year. \ Really?
Yeah it wasn't a good thing. \ What happened?
5 \ 5 what?
5 hundred thousand dollars \ I would like that much money!
But the business did not go well as planned \ What business?
I've been recently thinking about the things we don't appreciate. \ I think it's very common that we take things for granted. 
Is there anything that can change that? \ I think you can really think about all that you have, and show your thanks that you have these things. 
When I was at my sweet sixteen birthday party, my crush asked another girl out. I felt terrible.  \ Did you have a back up plan?
Well, we still had the party. I didn't like another guy. I just felt bad.  \ Well, now you that such is life, it makes plans for you.
I was mad when I woke up and it was only Tuesday! \ I agree, I dislike Tuesdays because they are so far from Friday!
thats why i was mad! \ I would have been too. You should have just slept all day!
Yesterday I heard a loud sound coming from my kitchen \ was it a bear?
No it was a kangaroo. I had to punch him to get rid of him. \ nice, did you beat him up?
My kids got me started watching the show America's Got Talent. It's really quite amazing how many talented people are out there! \ Oh yes. I love that show I can relate to real life families.
Same here! Have you seen the one guy with the family of adopted boys? What an amazing person, and a great talent! \ Yes, I saw him. Very blessed and talented man.
Yah, was depressing. \ What was depressing?
Well, just really did a lot of housework and felt we lost contact. \ Oh, that sounds like a bummer. Do you think it will change?
My parents decided to send me to a new school out of the area \ a better school?
They thought it was a better school, and it probably was, but I didn't feel like it was at the time \ oh that stinks
I was happy when i woke up and it was friday! \ what are you looking forward to?
being at home without having to do anything! \ That's a great feeling, I agree! I rarely get a day where I just stay home
I get so annoyed with people who say one thing and do something else. My boss is one of those people. I wish there was just instance that I could be like this is where he annoyed me, but that isn't the case. It happens every day.  \ I'm sorry to hear you're having to deal with that
Yeah, it can get annoying at times. I just stir clear of him when he is around.  \ Sounds like the best thing to do honestly
I cheated on my boyfriend once. \ Did you tell him, or did he find out?
I told him and I felt horrible and terrible for my actions. \ Awe, I am sorry. In those instances, nobody wins. I hope you guys came out of it stronger than before
And that resulted to an agruement  \ what did?
I was trying to settle a score him and his girl friend, then I mentioned her qualities while trying to convince him \ oh no! was the argument bad? are you still friends
it was brutal \ What was brutal?
i didnt shower for a few days and had an important meeting. I could tell that they could smell me. I became a tomato. \ Really? No shower for few days?
yes. homeless for a bit \ ok. I understand 
I've put in like 10hts of studies daily \ I can not even imagine one hour!
Yeah ,that's working hard playing less I suppis \ I like to be lazy as much as I can.
I lost my job yesterday. \ Sorry about that.I know how it feels,especially with the family concerns
yes, i just want to be able to feed my kids. \ Please never stay idle ,fix yourself anywhere, I mean somewhere
have you ever watched this show it was really quite good? \ What is the name of the show?
It was called Hero's \ No, I ever did.
My appartment was robbed last week. The police called me to tell me that theyprobably found some of the objects that have been robbed. I hope it is true. \ Oh wow that is terrible I hope you recover everything that was taken from you
Some of the objects have sentimental value for me more than anything else. \ I completely understand I have had my car broken into a few times and had objects that held value and were sentimental to me as well
Hi, I have a really essential certificate exam tomorrow. \ Good luck! Have you studied for it? Do you feel prepared?
Yes, I think so. but I just can't stop thinking that something bad will happen. I am worried! \ Don't be paranoid. That just upsets you. Try to think positivley.
Yesterday I walked through the park to get some fresh air. I saw a mother beating up her kid in the park. I can't believe that some people really will do that. \ That sounds aggravating. Did you say anything to her?
No I had no idea what to say at the time. And worried that she might turn on me. \ Thats okay, you should call the police next time.
I am currently waiting to receive my security deposit back from my old apartment. \ why hasnt it already been returned?
They said it takes up to 30 days, and it's only been a few weeks. \ if you live in america and they fail to return it in a timely manner, i hear you can go to small claims and get 3x the amount awarded to you 
Wow, that's good to know. \ yeah r/legaladvice has a lot of posts like that so its something that stuck to me, Pretty neat to know that landlords cant just scam you
I ordered a surface pro yesterday! its gonna be so cool to play around with when it arrives \ That's cool. I've always been a Mac kind of girl, but I would look into a Surface is I was in the market for a new computer.
i only ever wanted one cause they can do the same stuff a regular computer can but also touch screen so you can draw on it, i always got discouraged drawing on paper cause id waste so much of it, and then just stop \ I get that. I got a bamboo tablet a few years ago, but I feel like working directly on the screen would be even better.
It was such a sweet moment. \ what was ?
Spending time watching TV and sipping wine together. \ oh that does sound nice
I was mad when it was only tuesday! \ Yeah, Tuesday is just the beginning of the week and more to go. Is that why?
cause its not FRIDAYYYYYYY! as oprah would say \ So true
I feel very proud to be able to make that importante change at work and I think that my boss will do something for me. Maybe it will be a raise in my salary.  \ It always feels exciting to do something big at work. It always feels good to feel like you are making progress in your career. 
Yes, and my collegues and friend are very happy too. They see me as a new leader in the group. \ Also, maybe this is something you can put on your resume and it will look good in the future. 
I entered a writing contest, but I didn't final in it. I was disappointed about that. \ Sorry about that. You should try again and stay confident. The most important is to try.
That's how I feel. Every time one thing doesn't get accepted, I submit something else.  \ Good. Stay focus and you will have success. We always learn something in our good and bad experiences.
As the day was coming to an end, I was begging to believe that my solitude was perfect.   \ Well in some ways solitude is nice.
Yes if you take it in portions.  \ True everything is nice in bits. Too much of anything does get tiring.
I entered a contest to win a free vacation to Puerto Rico last month. Much to my shock I actually won it! I will be taking that trip at the end of this month! \ Congratulations. Are you going by yourself? 
No I'm taking my girlfriend with me. I can't wait! \ Have fun you two!
I was eating one of those ferrero rocher candies once.  A worm was inside it.  It was so gross!! \ Eww, that must have so disgusting. You should report this to the FDA.
haha.  Nah I just threw it away.  It almost made me sick.  It was my fault though since it was a little expired  \ Oh I see, try and avoid expired food next time!
Hi there, my lovely wife is leaving town next week.  \ Oh?  Where is she going?
She is going on a work trip for 2 months. I am upset at this. \ Aww man!  That is a long time to be without your wife.  I bet you're going to miss her :(
I was shocked to see my dog missing the other day! \ Oh, no I hope you found him and he is ok.
yea he came back a few days later! \ Do you know where he went
My kids are always not listening it drives me so crazy \ time to lay the smack down
Would you believe that doesn't work they still don't listen \ yea i can believe it.. but it makes you feel better!
I have an 8 hour shift in the office today but i can't wait to go home to see my boyfriend!  \ you will survive, and you have something to look forward to
exactly, it's keeping me going since i'm not feeling to good today! \ i hope your work day goes by fast
I was doing a team thing, and we won so i was happy \ what was the team activity? 
We had to do a presentation for a job \ I'm happy it went well for you!
But I needed to be responsible. \ Be responsible about what?
Well, about getting daily chorses done--work first-- play later. \ I understand. I have to get work around my house done today too, before I can go out.
I got backed into last week by another car. \ Oh no, sorry to hear, hope you are OK.
I'm fine, but they left a nasty dent in the front of my car. Now I have to get it fixed, which is a hassle. \ I agree. Hope the car will look good again.
Meh i kinda feel bad, i wish i had family members to talk to \ Sorry to hear that. Did you try to talk to a friend?
friends are cool but its not quite the same as a family member, a spouse would be but i dont have that either! \ I understand
In the airplane, last week, I was borred by someone knocking repeatedly and aggressively on the toilet door. \ what...? you were in the toilet? and they were trying to get in? whut? i am so confused, why would they do that?
Yes, I was in the toilet. She was wanted to get in. \ that is really weird, I would be so stunned if that was happening to me, and its not like theres only one toilet on a plane usually so wtf. was she still there when you got out?
Hi, i have made no new friends in my new class \ Oh I'm sorry. Have you tried to talk to people?
I have but they do not like me. I sit alone at lunch every day because of this. \ You can try again to reach out to people. Otherwise, remember that it is only temporary... soon you will be in a different class with more opportunities to make friends.  
I was looking for to my birthday party. It was the first big one I'd had in years.  \ Nice, it is always to good to celebrate your birthday in a fancy way every few years!
I think birthdays are a lot of fun and should be celebrated no matter how old you are. We went to a nice restaurant.  \ That is quite interesting. I hope your day went very well!
Hi, I was having dinner yesterday and just stopped for a moment to thank the Lord. \ That is gracious of you. I haven't done that in awhile.
You should do it more often, I was thankful to have food on the table! \ I agree
Yah, two colored socks is crazy. \ I agree, where did you find them?
LOL, mixed up in my drawer. \ Oh I see, Ha! I would have just worn them like that to be more fashionable!
I thought he would not pay back after a long time \ Had you lent someone some money?
Yes I did \ What made you doubtful that you would get paid back?
He failed to pay back when he promised he would  \ Oh, I see -- but did he ever pay you back?
There was not a lot of decent paying work in my area \ Really?
Yes it's a rural area with not a  lot of opportunities \ what kind of jobs?
Its been a fantasy since I was a kid  \ oh what was was that fantacy
To be in Disney land ,and see my favorite cartoon characters \ its been everyone's fantasy . what is your favorite Disney character
when i was travelling alone in a car at night in ghat road suddenly some boulders fell on the road  \ Was it an accident?
no the boulders fell 50 meters infront of me , luckily i was going slow and suddenly stopped \ Oh ! Thank good ness! That was close
There always seems to be bad news on TV these days. \ Who even watches TV this days?
good point! I mean on the internet, papers etc. There never seems to be good news. It worries me. \ Because history is not made, it is written. 
I ate so many macadamia nuts today, I don't know how to feel about it. \ do you especially enjoy macadamia nuts or just eating?
It the only nut that I can eat, that's why I can't help overeating. \ It must be difficult living with a nut allergy. Do you overeat on macadamia nuts regularly?
its sooooooo hot outside, 30c. its borderline impossible to deal with \ It's awful out there. It's been in the 100's here in TX
oh no, texas is basically in a desert isnt it. for me on top of heat i also get some 3 wasps a day flying into my apartament and looking around, i just got one earlier and had to kill it to get rid of it. very annoying, apparently wasps love it though \ That sucks! I hate wasps and most other bugs, so I feel your annoyance.
I start back at work in a couple of weeks. \ what job did you apply to?
I'm a teacher, so I've been off this summer. I am looking forward to having 12th graders again this year. \ Somehow i suspect that theyre not looking forward to having you though :P (no offence) i cant remember anyone that enjoyed high school lol. Its a good job though! literally backbone of society
I went on my first rollercoaster ride about a month ago \ Neat, did you like it/
Not at first!  It was soooo scary!! \ Yeah, my first one was too. I can't stand if they stay upside down too long.
I know right??!!  I'll go again though! \ Fun
I always trust my family like my mom to give me good advice. \ Yeah that's always comforting.  Mom's are awesome
Do you ever disagree with your Mom? \ Not really.  We usually tend to think alike.  Why do you ask?  
Aww, I didn't really relate until I had children of my own \ Cool.  So you're the awesome mother here?
My husband has been home working, so the house needs to be quiet. The kids are home from summer break. My dad has been nice enough to take them out and keep them busy so we can work.  \ That's really great that you have someone to take them out of the house and help out!
He has been so wonderful. They are having fun and I don't feel guilty.  \ Becoming a parent is funny, I used to so look forward to summers. Now, even though its nice to have time with them it adds new challenges.
After months of DIY projects I spent the two days before my wedding getting everything ready. We made all of the bouquets and flower arrangements, my mother an I made all of the food, and we got the reception space ready the day before the wedding. It was a lot but I felt really prepared. \ That is wonderful to have a personal touch for your wedding. It makes it all the more special. 
Everything went over really well, except I put the song I walked down the aisle to on a CD and the stereo we had didn't take CD's! Thank goodness for smart phones, my cousin downloaded the song and had an aux cord so it worked out. \ That's great that you had a backup plan for that. It sounds like it was great and I bet everyone was very impressed!
When I was 12, I got ran over by a truck. I was with my older cousin and his car messed up. Since he was my hero, I listened to everything he said, so when he told me to get the truck rolling and jump in. I listened. however, my 12 year old legs didn't make it and got trapped under the truck \ Oh wow that is so scary.  I can't believe he asked someone so young to do that.
Well, he was 17 at the time, so in his defense, he just was being a "dumb teenager". My parents never let me go with him again after that though.  \ I really hope you didn't have any lasting effects from the injury?
I have a hard time having confidence in myself but when I got married and I had my hair and makeup done I felt like I was beautiful!  I had so much confidence in myself that day and it was great! \ I bet you were beautiful on that day. :) I hope that confidence has carried on since then!
I really try but it's hard to replicate that day for sure. \ It would be hard to replicate that day for sure, but I bet you have a lot to be confident about. You got this!
i was really pissed off when i found out my best friend slept with my girlfriend. i was shaking all over! \ I'm sorry to hear that
yeah well. what you gonna do.. thats life.. \ :( did you stay friends with him?
I ordered a really nice new car and I am just waiting for it to be delivered. I can't wait! \ oh happy for you buddy
thanks, I had to save up for ages \ how much did it cost?
I am jealous of a co worker that got a promotion and not me. \ I'm sorry, how does that make you feel?
I feel bad \ Well, you can always try to get a promotion next time! 
Did you know today is my birthday? \ No, Congratulation. Do you have something planned today?
I did not. I came home and was greeted by a large group of people and balloons \ That is nice.
i had recently applied for graduate masters in very prestigious universities but initially i was worried whether i get admission or not \ did you get admission? 
yeah i thought the competition was tough and i may not get admitted, but luckily i was admitted \ That's great news, well done. 
yes i am totally relived of that stress now \ :) 
 applied for a job recently and put loads of effort into polishing my CV. I really wanted the job because the salary was really good. I felt like the interview went really well but obviously not because I didn't get offered the position. \ oh what really went wrong
I think I came across as too confident \ yeah its problematic in such kind of job interviews
He did not meet up to his project dealines \ Are you talking about a co-worker of yours?
A co-worker is my blood brother. I am is line manager \ Did you have a conversation about not meeting deadlines?
Yes we did \ How did it go?
I have seen her work with children and she does very well. \ Ok
It's a source of satisfaction, I must say \ Really?
Once when I was in high school, I unexpectedly received an award. It was for the work I did for the school year book. \ What exactly did you do for the school year book?
I was an editor, so I designed and wrote up the pages that were in my section. \ That is wonderful. I use to love English classes in college.
I hate when I am tired. \ Me too, especially when it's still the middle of the day.
or in the case here, morning \ Oh yes, you're right. I'm in the same boat right now!
When the family gets together from different parts of the country \ Its great when family get together. Do you do that on special occasions only?
Yeah! That's the period when every one seem less busy \ Exactly. You must feel very happy when that happens.
I think I'm a hermit but most times feel sad that I don't have a social life. \ I understand
I'm not sure how to snap out of it. I at times like my own space but being alone makes me feel depressed. \ Then you need to take a break 
i ate 3 pizzas just earlier and i feel so good and relaxed now, almost tranquility \ I think I am missing something, you said you feel more that ok after 3 pizzas???
yeah i know right, a lot, and i am pretty thin so i shouldnt feel ok, But i totally do feel great . \ It's definitely some kind of anomaly. 
Sometime ago I was really hungry and decided to treat myself to some well reviewed restaurant, well it was all I hoped for. \ What did you eat there? 
Onion soup with croutons. \ ooooh onion soup sounds really good, onions do taste incredibly well if cooked well with the correct dish
A fried asked me to make a song intro for an upcoming show \ Nice, is that within your skill set?
Yeah I've learned it over the years.  It's for an upcoming mma show.  He liked it and is going to use it! \ That's fantastic. 
I like to be ready before a long trip. \ Yeah I agree.  Do you have a long trip coming up?
Yes, I'm going to Wyoming on vacation. \ Awesome!  Is your family going with you?
Yes, we are all going . \ That sounds like fun!  I hope you enjoy your trip!!! Be safe!
When I woke up this morning I just couldnt believe that work had gave me a large bonus!  \ oh cool, how much did you get?
150! It was crazy. I was not expecting it.  \ sweet! so you planning to invest it into something or celebrate?
i was extremely disgusted when a close friend of mine threw up on my baby. he was really drunk at a party we were at \ I would have flipped and never talked to him again. I am so sorry my god what did you do? 
what else can i do? i washed my kid clean and got the hell out of there \ Idk beat him up, lol. throw a drink at him, the sky is the limit! 
i feel really bad about cheating on my girlfriend with a mutual friend.. i cant even look her in the eye \ i would feel terrible to thats really bad, you should just tell her and change! 
it was a one time thing.. if i tell her that would break her \ The truth can set us free, probably better for her and you both. 
My boss lied to me. Im so upset about it.  \ oh no.. what did he do?
He promised he would fix my paycheck, he always does after he makes a mistake then he never fixes it.  \ he seems like a terrible guy
Yesterday I went to the doctor  and had to get a shot. \ What is your health issue?
I am having shoulder pain from an injury 7-8 years ago.  He decided I should have a cortisone shot. \ Sorry to hear that. I have same issues with my knees.
I broke my coworker statue which was on her desk. I feel so bad about it. \ Oh no, were you able to tell her you did it?
Yes but there is no way to replace that statue. It was a sentimental object for her \ Ugh, I'm sure that was hard.  I'm sorry you had to go through that.
I just finished making my bulletin board at work. \ cool, how did it come by?
I'm happy with it. Hopefully my students like it too. \ if you put so much work into it, im sure they will
i was so angry when i found out that my girlfriend cheated on me.. dont know how i can forgive her \ I am so sorry! I would have a hard time forgiving that betrayal of trust. How long have you been together?
3 years \ Wow. I hope that you can work it out, but I would understand why you wouldn't want to.
i was heartbroken when my dad passed away.. still not over it. \ Sorry to hear that... they say time heals everything but i disagree its been 9 years for me and it still feels like yesterday. How long for you? 
5 years.. \ Im really sorry for your loss! I hope that someday it gets better for the both of us. 
I lost my temper the other day with my child when she threw food at me, and I felt like I was too mean!  \ well, we all have that moment in our days.. dont worry
I know, but still feels bad each time even if you just raise your voice a little and then see their little face all upset. ugh parenthood is hard!  \ true.. but it is for their own good only, discipline would help them moving forward
I let my friend move into my house, I own 2 properties and figured she could live there for free because she is having a hard time in life.  \ thats is really nice of you as a friend
I know I have to believe she wont ruin the house, or her children.  \ she wont, good deeds arent punished
i was proud to see my kid winning in painting competition.. she seems like a born artist \ Oh I love seeing kids achieve things! Adorable. Good for her! :) 
yeah.. me and my partner are so proud of her \ I am sure, I would be too of my daughter. You sound like an awesome parent. 
I found a wallet in the subway. Instead of bringing it to an agent, I took it with me. I feel bad about it. \ You can still turn it in! Just drop it off to the police or the people in charge at the subway. 
Yes, I can do that but I already spent the money. \ I would feel bad to but save up some cash put it back and bring it back. you got this. 
My dad used to take us every year on vacation to Virginia Beach. It always made be extremely happy!  \ That is nice. You don't go anymore in family?
No unfortunately not because he has passed away, but one of these summers I am going to take my family there on a vacation! Start a new tradition. :)  \ Sorry to hear that. It is good a idea.
I really feel nostalgic around christmas \ really? well, who doesnt!
true.. there is something about that holiday that makes us wanna be kids again \ i actually feel like a kid even now during christmas
i have always felt really guilty about lying to my parents \ oh.. well i understand. but that was a long time ago right?
yeah, but still.. that feeling never went away \ come clean to them about any major lies, you'll feel better :)
i never get anxious about knowing that i am fully prepared before i go somewhere \ haha.. i feel you. my mom feels the same way
well, i guess women are more detail oriented \ Amen sister! women always keep things in check
my dad gave me the greatest gift ever on my graduation \ wow, what was it?
a brand new ford car, i was thrilled \ woohoo! you are one lucky child!
Its so hard being alone when you are used to having your family around.  \ very true.. do you live alone now?
No with my wife, and daughter but every year they go to Peru to visit her family for a few weeks and it sucks being by yourself!  \ i feel you.. but look on the bright side, it makes the moments being together far more special
i felt really good about my change to new york after getting a job \ No way! I just moved from NY to FL. You are going to love NY tho, its an awesome state. Congrats on the job! 
thank you so much.. i moved from Idaho.. so this is very new to me, all this \ Oh yeah sounds like its super new to you especially if you are in the city. I was in the middle of no where so pretty much felt like Idaho where I lived in NY. :p 
So funny story, not funny - careless of me, but still somewhat maybe funny? I forgot to put a diaper on my toddler when she went into the clubhouse pool................... \ oh damn.. it is kind of funny yes
You can only guess what happened from there, she dropped it like its hot right in her swimsuit and everyone seen me running with her to go back home ha ha  \ lol.. i guess that would be a cool story to tell you child when she grows up huh?
i felt heartbroken when my girlfriend moved away without telling me first \ I would too why would she not tell you!? Did yall break up? 
we had a fight, i never knew we were broken up though \ That sounds like poor communication on her part maybe its better for you she moved. :/ 
I have a toothache today but no time to get to the dentist.  \ I am sorry to hear that.  Do you have any meds that could help relieve the pain?
I took some but they didn't do a thing. Of course, just what I need! \ Maybe you should rethink going to the dentist if you're in so much pain.
I finished season 2 of Luther on Netflix last night. \ Oh, how did you like it?
Loved it.  Each episode gives me nightmares.  Great show! \ I'll have to check it out, thanks for the rec! I've been meaning to add more things to my "must watch" list.
hi there it was a hard day when this incident occured. \ What incident was that ?
i was driving home and it started to rain \ what happened then ?
I walked upon a snake in my backyard a couple of days ago. \ oh wow I really hate snakes, I would've freaked out! What did you do?
I killed it with a hoe. \ you sure are brave! I would've ran.
My husband and I both work for ourselves -- a blessing and a curse at times, since it can be tough to determine a "regular" income. \ I bet it's tough. A regular income is nice but the freedom you get from working for yourselfs is better. 
We found a pretty good balance in that I have a part-time job that I *love* -- and that comes with benefits like insurance. That's a big worry addressed, right there. \ Your so lucky. Insurance is my number one worry every month. 
I really dislike people that don't have kindness and have hate in their hearts.  \ I SO agree. I would not want to live like that. And it's one thing if they're only affecting themselves -- but when it's aimed at others -- the worst.
I know!.My brother's sister is a very negative person who dislikes a lot of people for no reason! \ Isn't that weird? I mean it takes *energy* to be that negative! Does your brother feel that too? Or just can't/won't see it?
i was shocked when i saw my dog missing the other day \ Were you able to find it?
yea he came back later the in the day own his own \ glad it worked out.
I've been hearing some strange sounds around the house at night lately. \ hrmmm wonder if its a ghost or a rodent?
I don't know, but I can't find it. \ oh wow.. that is strange
Every year my brother tries to top me on christmas with gifts and luxury because he has a super good job! It drives me nuts.  \ lol, you are so lucky to have such a sweet brother. what do you buy him in return?
Oh pffft he doesnt do it for me, for my parents lol. He always tries to out do me every year.  \ haha.. thats hilarious, i thought he was spoiling you!
my dad passed away around the time of christmas.. it always casts a shadow over my holidays \ I know what you mean, it sucks when those "dates" linger over us even if we try not to think about them. Im so sorry to hear that! 
yeah.. i know it is time to get over it. but certain memories are so haunting \ Its not time to get over it, you arent doing any wrong its okay to "feel" things. I hope people around you give you a lot of love! 
 i was crushed when i saw my dog had gotten out \ Oh no, have you found him yet? 
no... hopefully he returns soon! \ I really hope so that sucks. Put out some dog food, some water, maybe one of his favorite toys. 
I was so scared, but felt so sure of myself to make the long drive across the USA!  \ wow thats a nice little drive!
Oh yes it was it took me 6 days, but it was so much fun and I knew I could do it.  \ oh wow i would think it would take longer
i feel like my dog is my child time after another.. love him so much \ i understand what you are saying, pets are always close to our hearts
very true, do you have any pets? \ yeah, i have 2 german shepards
i feel like my girlfriend and i are soulmates.. i can never cheat on her \ thats really good of you. she is a lucky gal
yeah well.. this one time this model-like girl was so close to seducing me, i escaped from there right awat \ haha.. i guess she was not as good as your girl huh?
I couldnt believe i got a bonus at work!. \ awesome! how much did you get?
$800 and 16 hours comp time! \ thats too good.. congrats!
i was shaking when i was watching conjuring in the movies \ is it a scary movie?
it is a terrifying movie. havent you seen it yet? \ no i never heard of it
Something is under my bed and keeps me up at night! \ What!? My god sounds like a horror movie. You better move. 
I think I need to! My whole bed starts shaking around and I promise you, I'm not dreaming! \ I would have moved that same night, and probably changed my identity thats terrifying! 
I woke up extra early just to make sure I made it to work on time for my new job.  \ Did you get there on time? I do the same thing, I like to be prepared for any traffic that could pop up.
I did yes, I felt very ready for the first day. You never know about traffic thats right! especially in the city.  \ Something always comes up whenever you need to be somewhere! That's how life works!
i was upset when I wasnt able to leave work early \ oh i see.. did you have any programs planned?
yea i had some things in the works \ sorry to hear that buddy
yesterday i was so angry at my parents.. but i kept my mouth shut and came away. i cant hurt them, i feel so faithful \ yea thats probably the best choice to make
i always think all those hard times they had bringing me up \ i can understand that
my dog passed away earlier this year \ Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Are you considering getting a new dog?
yeah.. but its too soon i feel \ I understand, mine just turned 15 and I'm not looking forward to that day.
Someone cut me off in traffic the other day, and they were going pretty fast too. \ oh no, were you hurt?
No fortunately I just had to slam on the breaks, very annoying though. \ true that, stay safe!
I cant wait until after work today I get to go pick up my new car.!  \ Oh, what kind is it?
Its a jeep, I love jeeps. 2018 compass  \ I've never owned a jeep, are they nice?
I've not been around too many people lately. \ Why not? Whats going on? 
Nothing, just haven't felt like getting out lately. \ Happens to the best of us we are only human. Dont take it in a bad way im sure its been real nice being alone. 
The other night I got woke up from a noise I heard outside. I was so scared.  \ oh damn.. what was it?
It was some guys fighting, but women were screaming and my god it was intense.  \ i hope the cops took care of it
some guy drove past me so fast last week.. i was furious \ Jeez people just always have to be in a hurry to get no where right. 
yeah.. i barely escaped! \ people are just selfish and only consider their own lives! 
I only got a B- on an assignment i worked really hard on recently, but i'm working even harder now studying to ace the exam!  \ Wow! I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think you will get an A this time?
 I do actually!  \ Congratulations! Studying can be hard, but sometimes it's about technique rather than time spent. Are you doing anything different this time?
I met up with an old flame recently, didn't go how I expected \ Oh ya? What happened?? I'm intrigued
Well, right after she gave me a big hug, she introduced me to her new boyfriend. \ Woah plot twist. She brought him along to meet you? 
Someone cut me off in traffic the other day. \ Oh god, how so what happened? 
Well we were just driving on the highway and he cut into my lane with just barely enough room. \ Sounds like florida ugh 
I swear traffic is the worst in this city. I was almost in a car accident on the interstate going 80 MPH the other ady with my baby in the car.  \ Wow you too! It's crazy how many bad drivers there are.
I know for real she was literally right beside me, didnt even look once and just swerved right into my lane - luckily there was no one beside me because i had to swerve to avoid her hitting me it was intense.  \ Well I'm glad you weren't hurt.
some guy threw up on the street last night right before me.. i was grossed out \ Yuck, that is terrible. I would be grossed out too. What did you do?
i got the hell out of there right away! \ I'm sure you did. Guess he couldn't make it to the trash can.
I saw some pictures recently of when my family and I went on vacation when I was little. \ oh thats really sweet!
Yeah, it made me sad to see it because they I live so far away now. \ oh no.. i hope you feel better
My friend asked to move into my home that I am selling and live there for free until she can find a place.  \ Yikes, that's a tough place to be in. She's very forward for asking something like that too.
I know shes a pretty close friend, but its still scary the thought of letting someone move in. They say dont deal with friends or family when it comes to business.  \ They do and you never know what could happen, let's say you guys get into a fight and then she trashes your house! Not a good outcome!
I blew my budget a little this year and had some financial emergencies so I won't be able to go on a vacation this summer afterall, it's no fun. \ That sucks! I cant save money at all I always overspend even just for groceries. I hope you can save up atleast al ittle money and take like a "daycation" ! 
That's a good idea, I didn't think about that at all! There are a few cheap things around my city I've been meaning to check out, this is a good excuse for it! \ Im always living on a budget so even if you could atleast treat yourself for a day, or 1 night then do it! You deserve it I am sure you are working hard. 
Hi! how are you? I'm getting ready to go on a vacation and am really excited! \ Cool! Where are you going?
I'm going to China! \ That's pretty awesome. I have never been that far!
Yeah I really like to take tourist vacations rather than relaxation vacations, how far have you been? \ Mexico. I went to cozumel once
I spent weeks seraching for a new tv online \ Sometimes it can be hard to find the right one at the right price, did you find one?
I ended up with a samsung. Its an upgrade from the samsung I had before but I think I picked the right one \ That is awesome, I'm glad you were able to find one. How big is the TV?
1 \ What was that?
soory it was mistakenly typed.  \ It's okay.  
I just mesmerized with the kid's performance. \ yeah that kid were more lovely and attractive. i was love kids
She sung a song.  \ oh thats nice 
I was very impressed to find out that my partner did not receive any tickets or citations within two years of driving \ Same as me! Everyone is always shocked to know that
It is impossible for me to maintain such a record. At least one or two i receive a year \ Well, truth be told I've never gotten one ever which is even more rare. But good on your partner, really. That's hard to do!
My roomate is leaving at the end of the month to move up north \ Are you going to have any other roommate or you will be living alone?
I'll be by myself, so I need to find another roomate. I'm not really sure about the best way to do that though. I had enough randoms in college \ Maybe you can post an ad on Craigslist. That way many will see and be interested 
I had picked out some school shoes for my daughter the other day and was waiting for my check to hit the bank so that I could order them. \ Did the check end up hitting in time?
IT did, but when I got back to the website both pairs were sold out. I was so upset. \ I would be too. ugh that sucks! 
I dropped my wallet at the store and lost all of my money and id.  \ Oh no. That has happened to me before. 
yeah it super sucks because now i have to get my id and social back and all of that!  \ That is a long tedious process too. You have to have one thing to get the other and they make you run around and get more things. ugh
MY mother has so many televisions at her house \ How many does she have? 
6 \ That is a lot wow, she must really love watching tv atleast it gives her something to do tho! 
I cant wait for the next 2 weeks. My house is going to be sold, and my wife is starting her new job! ahhhh \ That's great. You both must be excited
We are really I am just so ready for it my god i cant even wait!!  \ Are you moving to a better home?
I had to give a speech one time in school and I was very nervous for it. \ That can be nerve wrecking. How did you do?
I was nervous the whole time. But I managed to get through it. I'm sure everyone could tell. \ What kind of grade did you get?
My friend got a promotion at the casino in town. \ That's great. Do you visit the casino often?
Not really I don't like losing money. The job is transferring her to Vegas though. She is moving soon \ Yeah I don't have the best luck in casinos either.
I let my dog out late last night and a skunk was there. I got scared when I spotted her/him trying to scurry away! \ Oh dear! Did you get sprayed? That would frighten me too, especially at night.
No. I think skunks are the cutest things. I just didn't expect one to be brave and come in my yard! My dog is older and deaf and not usually let out so late- I got her in and mrs skunk got away thank goodness- I wanted to give her some fruit though \ Well that's a relief! I'm glad neither of you got sprayed.
I'm taking the California Bar exam to become an attorney in February and I'm sooo nervous! \ That is pretty cool! What made you want to become a lawyer?
I played a video game when I was younger, called Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney, and it made me want to become one! \ Great! I know it can be a tough job, I am sure you will do fine, keep studying!
I was inspecting rooms yesterday when I bent down to look under a bed, I felt the back of my pants tear. The hole was the entire back of my pants.  \ Oh no! I'm so sorry! I hate when that happens!
Yes, I have a staff of 30 and I think each one saw me at some point in the day. I have Khaki's on. I had to tape and staple the hole.  \ Ugh! That's the worst! Too bad you couldn't run home and change!
My mom just completed seven weeks of radiation treatments for breast cancer! \ How is she feeling?
She's feeling great! I'm so thankful she had such great doctors to treat her! \ That's terrific. Hopefully she continues to get better and better. 
I finally got cable in my apartment after 5 years. well, satellite \ wow nice
I'm not supposed to have it in the front yard though. I couldnt get a signal in the back. I might get in trouble but I did it anyway. \ oh its unfair and really hurts
what's that? \ iam gonna end chant now
once i had been hurt by girl friend and it hurts me more than anything in my life \ That sucks.
yeah that really sucks. \ Well there are plenty more girls out there
I had the taco Bell breakfast this morning \ Oh wow! how was that? I have never had Taco Bell breakfast.
It was terrible and expensive. \ Oh really? I can understand. I usually regret eating Taco Bell. Especially after the digestive process.
I fell down at work, and my khaki pants ripped open. \ Oh no. Did you leave?
I didn't. Luckily I had a spare pair of sweatpants in my trunk. I did end up looking rather odd with a suit jacket and sweatpants. \ Like you had a different kind of accident lol
I took a huge risk and moved from 1 state to another without a job. I really wanted change in my life.  \ Oh wow! That is a bold move! Which state did you move to/from?
I know for real, it took me 3 years just to do it but I had positive vibes. NY to FL! ( running from the cold! )  \ That is awesome. I have considered moving from Missouri down to either Lower Alabama or Florida. 
My grandpa is coming to visit!,5|5|5_5|5|5,
