My dog was attacked by a coyote yesterday and she's been in the hospital ever since. \ Oh no! I hope she's okay! Was she pretty bad?
Yes it was bad. I don't think she is going to make it. It is so upsetting. \ Maybe she will. Vets are amazing and can do a lot nowadays to save animals. 
My neighbor just got a pool installed. It has a slide and everything. \ That sounds so fun! I would love to have a pool in my yard.
Oh me too, I wanted to get a pool and even described what I wanted to her and then she goes and gets one before me! \ Wow! That is kind of messed up!
It was so life-like and I have such fond memories of playing in there.  My stepdad worked for pillsbury and brought home dough and I would pretend I was baking. \ Good for you to have such memorable experience to have and remember of. Can you bake now for real?
Yes somewhat, although with all that practice in childhood I should be much better.   I miss my stepdad so much.   I have nothing but fond memories of him. \ Are you still in contact with him?
I had a deadline coming for my part on the project. Without my co-worker's help, i would not have finished it on time. Very thankful to him \ Its always great when u have good co-workers you work with.  Im glad you got it done on time!  What kind of project is it may I ask?
Indeed. Without reliable co-workers it can be hard to get around and finish things on time \ I agree, good co-workers are a must.   I have a good co-workers at my job that I can rely on as well.
My daughter is turning 2 next week. Times goes by too fast. \ It really does! Before you know if she's gonna be borrowing your car keys!
Oh no! I am so not ready for that! \ Just cherish her being little all you can. I wish mine were still little like her. 
I ordered pizza for dinner tonight. \ Yum! Pizza is the best
Not this one I got though, it had anchovies on it! Yuck! \ Oh noooo! That should be illegal!
I looked at a house I really liked last week, but just found out it was taken off the market. \ Oh that sucks. I hate when that happens.
Yeah, it'll be okay though. There's always something else that will come available. \ I bet the next house you look at will be amazing and even better than that one.
My son and his friends wanted to go get pizza tonight so I gave him my debit card. \ You must really trust your son. That's wonderful that your son is responsible enough that you can trust him with your debit card.
Yep I'm really lucky. He's always been very trustworthy and never takes advantage when I let him use it. \ That's so rare in teenagers! Sounds like you did a great job raising him.
I trry to quit smoking again every other day it feels like. \ I know what you mean. It's really hard to quit. How long have you been smoking?
for years now.  I am going to quit thought, I can do it\ \ Yes you can! Just get some hard candy to keep your mouth busy. That helped me the one time I was able to quit.
I just ordered a hawaiian BBQ pizza to be delivered. \ omg i am so jealous of you, honestly im going to get food righht now
Go get some pizza! My mouth is watering just waiting on it to get here cause I know it's gonna be so good! \ ughhh, I am goiing to make a PPJ sandwich right now.
I broke my wife's phone. I blamed it on my dog!! \ HAHA thats brilliant, I would have done the exact same thing.
yeah but i do feel guilty about it \ Thats very true, I dont know how I would feel.
I foiund money in the back pocket of some dirty jeans. \ Oh, seems you're lucky.
yes i was so excited. \ Fine. Have fun with the money!
I found old family pictures... It's so bittersweet looking back. \ Yes i know that feeling well,  were you happy to look back?
Yes I was, it brought back so many good memories \ thats awesome, I am happy for you, sometimes the past seems like better days
my little brother is my best friend, we always have eachothers backs \ That's nice! It's always nice to have a good relationship with your sibling
we used to not get along so well, but now we are like joined at the hip \ i'm happy for you!
Hey, so I was driving down the street the other day, and this random car came flying out of nowhere from a side-street and almost hit me, I was quite angry. \ People drive more and more badly. Did you take the plate number?
I didn't get the chance this guy was going so fast, probably like 70 on a residential street! \ I understand. I am happy that nothing bad happened to you.
Hi, I feel bad after my reaction to brother joke. Now, he is angry against me. \ Oh no that's unfortunate, did you make fun of him or something?
I told him that he is stupid. I shouldn't have said that even something joke very bad \ Oh, well sometimes we say things we don't mean. If you apologize he'll probably accept it and be fine again.
So last night I went to a sports bar after work and had a few drinks. \ That sounds fun! Who did you go with?
I went by myself but I met a girl and got her number. The thing is I have a girlfriend. \ How do you feel about getting the girl's number?
I had to drive 12 hours straight last week. For once it wasn't terrible, because I packed everything I needed. Took two hours fewer than it normally does! \ That sounds exhausting! Were you driving for work or just taking a vacation?
Vacation. Went to go visit my parents. \ I'm sure the drives worth it since you get to spend time with the family.
My dogs tail breaks everything in my house! \ Can't those be clipped? I've never had a dog
well i feel like he is a little too old for that now, but yeah they can \ Oh. Maybe you should buy plastic stuff then lol
I wish my mom had made a scrapbook of my childhood \ that would have been great huh, its so nce looking back sometimes.
I know. I think its a cool thing to pass down to or kids too \ yes i wish i could see old photos of my parents 
Hi, do you have children? \ No i do not. But i wish someday after getting married i will have my own. Do you like kids?
Yes, I do.  I have 5 children.  2 that have moved out and 2 that are transitioning and my baby who just started her freshman year.  I've been thinking sooner than later it will be just me. \ Wow. You have already lived much of your life. I am just 25 and about to start my own. Hopefully it would be filled with children like yours
After having saved enough, i am about to invest in cryptocurrencies. So thrilled for its potential to grow in the future \ That's quite interesting.  I need to learn more about cryptocurrency.  I thought that I had missed the opportunity.
I think it is not late yet. There are still many institutional investors who have not jumped into a bandwagon yet \ I've always wondered if cryptocurrency is as confusing as investing in stocks.  Cryptocurrency reminds me of the Dot.Com frenzy.
My son is starting school on Monday. I've got everything ready to go! \ Cool. What grade?
2nd. I don't know where time has gone! \ I have one in pre-k and an 8th grader now. Makes me feel so old
MY ex moved across the country and didnt say one word \ Were you on good terms?
I thought so. We have a kid. How crazy is that? \ Wow with a kid involved that's a big no no! I'm sorry you're going through this
My partner and I are expecting our first baby to arrive in two month. I am going to be a dad hopefully \ Yay. thats one of the most exciting things that can happen in life!
Indeed. The joy of becoming a parent is overwhelming and I wish for my child to arrive in health and safety \ Yes and i know they will, and you will lice a very happy life.
I couldnt believe the luck I was having, I was up 100 dollars already \ Good for you. Did you win it in a lottery or what?
I was gambling at the casino, ands I usually loose it all so I was very happy. \ Nice. But i do not think gambling is a wise way of putting your hard earned money
I feel like I'm getting sick... I better not though'. \ I hate being sick
Me too... specially when I'm about to go on vacation \ That would be horrible. Have yo seen a doctor?
I remember spring cleaning with my mom. \ I bet you didn't enjoy it back then
I didn't she would play the same song all day \ She sounds like she enjoyed it though lol
I have 4 daughters \ That is nice, do you enjoy them, do you enjoy being a parent?
Its a lot of females for one house, but I just found out I'm having a boy! \ Yes! you will be happy with a boy, you can teach him to be a man.
I was sitting on the beach relaxing and I just thought man I could do this forever. \ I love the beach
Yes, it turned out to be my happy place, I was comfortable. \ I haven't been in a while now.
My mom is going to Peru, I wish I could go with her. She's so lucky \ thats awesome, why cant you go with her, are you busy?
I couldnt get time off from work sadly \ that sucks, I wish i didnt gave to work so much either, I just want to travel.
I was so ready for this roadtrip, all my bags were packed and I ready to go \ Oh no did it get cancelled?
No NO, I just saying how ready I am to go, I havbent left yet though \ Oh sorry! I hope you have lots of fun!
I bought a pair of shoes from a clearance bin today \ How did they fit,  Are you wearing them now?
Turns out they are a 6 and I wear a nine.  I cant even return them \ wow, thats terrible,  where they even good looking?
When I am laying with my wife, i dint think there is anything else more in the world i could need. \ That's so sweet
Yes, I am so lucky to have her in my life.  I dont think i would make it otherwise lol she takes care of me \ I bet she feels the same about you
my little brother is always farting its the grossest thing ive ever smelled. \ Lol brothers.. mine was the same when we were little
thats terrible Im not siure if I can deal with it anylonger  \ MAybe try having a serious talk
I feel weird since yesterday.... I better not be getting sick \ uh oh, thats no good, do you have any sick days to take form work?
Yes I do but I was hoping to save them for something else sadly \ uh oh, so you just gonna drink a bunch of coffee?
Hi, I joined a firm 6 months ago and then I got a promotion for Junior Manager \ Congratulations. That sounds like the fast track.
yes, They thought that I have some extraordinary talent and that is the reason I got that position \ Cool. Maybe next year you will be a partner!
Maybe yes, Haha, Now I am looking for a Manager post and then become a senior manager \ I hope you get it
MY friend just got engaged the other day. \ Ohh thats great news, Congratulate him on my behalf.
Well its a she lol, I was happy but kind of envious at the same time because I don't even have a boyfriend. I dont think I'll ever get married. \ No one dies along, I am sure there might be a person  in this world that is made for you , this is just not the right time to meet that guy. Just wait and it will come in front you when you really need it.
Thanks. I guess I'll go to the weeding now. Just kidding. \ Yup! enjoy the life at its fullest without worring
The way political discourse is unfolding in our country makes me feel embarrassed. No professionalism or courtesy, and only insults toward each other \ I know! It really is ridiculous and way out of hand.
The good old ways of respecting each other's opinion is locked behind the door and I am not sure if we can overcome it \ It does seem to be getting worse and it doesn't appear like it will get better.
I was the only one closing at work last night so it was my responsibility to lock up. \ Did you lock the doors properly? Hope you will not find your office robbed by the morning
I forgot one door and someone got in and stole stuff. \ I knew it. Did you receive any apprehension for your irresponsibility from management side?
I feel like occupied since I've a new arrival in my home who's name is Tom.  \ Who is tom?
It's a cute kitten. \ Awww, where did you get him?
I love when I have time to catch up with old friends \ Yeah, friends are the best stress relievers. 
So true. I recently saw someone I hadn't seen in 18 years \ it would have been worth a wait!!
I realized today how much I miss my ex \ thats no good, are you going to try to contact them again?
We talk, but he is with someone now so... \ oh i see, have you ever talked to him about trying again?
I was counting on my brother to be my ride to school, and he never showed up \ Did you ever make it?
Yes, but I was quite late. and got yelled at by my teacher. \ She didn't have to yell
Everyone in my family has a nicer car than I do \ wow, thats crazy, did they all pay for them all themselfes.
How should I know? I just know my car is crap \ thats no fun, why not buy a new one?
my tv keeps getting cut off, though Ive never missed a payment. \ Maybe yo have a bad signal
Im thinking something like that may be the case, IU am going to keep trying different fixes, \ \ My tv sed to do that. Then they moved my satellite
I can't wait to go on vacation this fall \ where are you going , im excited for you
I'll be going to Nara, Japan this time. \ wow my friend at work was born in japan , she married a u.s. solder then moved here 
im starting to make more and more money online, eventually i want to make this my full time job \ That's awesome! I wish I could do that too
i have a job alread, but my backs in constant pain and its gone out 3 times over the years , i need a plan b or win the lottery  \ Oh that's awful. I hope your back can improve as well as your odds on the lottery.
I'm taking my daughter to the zoo for the first time tomorrow.... I can't wait! \ Thats so exciting, How old is she?? what do you think she will liek the most?
She's 3... So she can actually acknowledge the animals lol \ Thats good,  I bet she will have such a fun time.
I found the source of my rooms bad smell, it was an old banana peel. \ Oh noooo did it bring bugs too?
Yes! there were flies all over my room \ Yuck! I hope you get rid of them quick and easy
I tried to hold in my fart, but my friend scared me and I let it rip. \ That has happened to every one lol
It was so loud the whole class turned and looked right at me, they new. \ Well that maybe hasnt happened to every one
I want to be a kid again \ wouldnt that be nice, no worries no responsibilities, not a care in the world
I know right. I want to go back to like 8 \ yes just playing outside all the time, no smartphones no snapchat
My friend promised not to copy everything in detail for our Calculus homework and asked only to learn from my way of solving. However, professor rejected my homework too for being too similar to my friend's \ Wow. What about her work?
I still can't understand how one can be so irresponsible and careless. Just because of him, both of our works had been given failed score \ Thats too bad
I want to break up with my boyfriend \ Sorry to hear that. Is there any specific reason for your decision?
I ust think that we are a good mix. He's a cool guy though \ Does he treat differently now than it was before? If it is still the same, then why breaking his heart?
I did everything I could and acted my heart out and still didnt get the part. \ I'm sorry! I'm sure something better will come along.
Yes, I am sure of it. I will find something eventually. \ Always be positive :)
My sister is going to Disney. Sadly I can't go because I have to work. \ Thats lame, why is work alwasy keeping us from doing what we love.
Ugh I know. I would be much happier at work if there was more leniency for time off \ yes exactly, in foreign countries they have sometimes mandatory vacation time!
I can't wait until my daughter gets a job \ how old is she ? and yeah work is important to teach her the value of money 
She is only 13. I really need her to understand the value of money. she thinks I'm made of it \ lol , my dad would make us mow lawns around the neighborhood with his mower, and got us small landscaping gigs to pay for our video games or clothing 
i love all my brothers and i trust them with my life , we are always there for each other im 1 out 5 brothers and 2 sisters  \ Thats a lot of siblings
a very large family my dads has a lot of brothers too and my mom as well .... too many dang cousins  \ I have a lot of cousins too
I ordered a pizza the other day and it was delicious. \ It sounds good just reading those words, what kind was it?
It was pepperoni, sausage, green and red peppers, and jalepenos. I ate it all before my kids got up. I felt bad \ Well pizza for breakfast every once and a while won't kill you, it sounds delicious.
So I bought a lottery ticket on a whim and won $250, talk about a lucky day! \ Wow! Was it a scratcher or did you have to pick numbers?
I had to pick the numbers and I went random, I felt pretty good the rest of the day after that. \ Wow. Lucky you. You should try it again.
I am finally going to get my days back \ Good what will you do
Take a nap every day lol. The kids are going back to school \ Awesome! I look forward to nap time with my toddler lol
I asked my husband to make me a sandwich and he's taking so long, ugh.  \ He's probably eating the sandwich lol
No I'm hungry! lol \ Divorce him
I came home from work, expecting an empty apartment. My boyfriend was home from his trip a day early! \ Was he alone?
Yes, I was very excited to see him. \ Cool. Did you do something special?
I lost one hundred dollars today \ Oh no, that's awful! How did it happen?
I pt it in my back pocket on the way to the store and never saw it again \ That's awful.
My laptop is becoming old and now I run into occasional problems with getting it run smoothly. I do not have enough money to buy new one. So disappointed in myself \ Oh, it's pity. Try to earn more money to buy it.
I am trying. But there are always some emergency that come out for me to spend on \ Yeah, It happens always.
I worried a lot yesterday. \ What happened? I hope everything is alright and nothing really horrible happened
Yeah, everything is fine. But my favorite tea cup was broken. \ Come on. You should grow up. What a petty concern you have
life is good right now got me a nice girl friend , good job, good friends im in paradise \ Good for you. You are lucky
thank you , that made me smile  \ Are yo going to marry her?
I been dating this guy for a while  now \ that is good to hear , how long ?
a few months, but I lied about my age when we met. Now I don't know what to do \ if he loves you , it wont matter i am sure everything will work out at the end
I sed to cut classes a lot in junior high \ I was always scared to do that!
Im scared my daughter will now that she is starting jnior high \ Hopefully she doesnt!
My sister showed up at my house with some delicious soup knowing that I am sick. Made me so happy \ That's sweet
Yeah Im glad she cared \ MY sister doesn't even say bless you if I sneeze lol
I am doing so well on this new diet \ Good. Why do you follow diet?
I want to lose weight. I never follow through for a long time \ Hope you you can do this time. 
i went to college yesterday after few years later. \ I don't follow
It makes me nostalgic about my college days. \ oh. I never went to college. 
MY friend didn't invite me to her sons birthday \ That must make you feel bad. Being left out by someone you do not expect to, is the worst
Yeah. I thought we were close. I don't think I did anything to her \ Now you have learned a valuable lesson and know how she really feels toward you
Unlike you, I am invited to a pool party tomorrow at a friend's house. So much hype to feel for this event and can't wait for it \ That was harsh lol
Sorry i did not mean to. I am single and hope to meet a girl to start a relationship finally \ I hope you meet somebody then
MY daughter is so sneaky \ How is she sneaky?
She added things to her school supply list that she didn't need \ WHy did she do that?
I got a promotion at work! I'm so excited! \ Congrats
Thank you! \ Do you get a raise?
I always feel weird driving by my old school \ why the feeling nolstalgia maybe ?
I didn't have a good time there. \ school can be hard on anyone , especially socialiazing with other students 
its almost october, and i cant wait another second i want the sci fi channel to start showing all the scary movies  \ I dont like scary movies
i do , even the weather feels better the leave start falling , i just love it  \ i do like halloween though
It is unacceptable that GOP passed massive Tax Cuts at a time when federal deficit is ballooning far beyond imagination \ I don't keep up with that stuff
Aren't you interested in economics? The decision made at the top always impact the lives of us, ordinary people \ I know. I shold do better
I have single for 2 years now \ Why did you break up with your partner 2 years ago?
He had a gambling problem. I think I might be alone forever \ Don't be so pessimistic. I am single too, but i did not lose my hope. There is always someone who will be interested in you
I'm going on vacation in 3 hours! Super stoked! \ Cool! Where are you going?
Japan. My work is financing some of it. \ Wow! Have you been there before? They have an amazing culture
I had to go to child support court last month. What a waste. \ Wait. What happened?
Nothing. The other party didn't show up so I missed work for nothing. \ That's good, no? Don't you win then?
The latest economic numbers which shows the lowers unemployment rate in more than a decade makes me feel hopeful of Trump's policies \ That's great that unemployment is down.
Indeed. Many criticized his policies but as it seems they are bearing their fruits lately \ I'm ashamed to say I don't really follow politics too closely.
My bank has called me three times a day for the past week, and I'm tired of it. \ Probably they noticed some irregular or even fraudulent activities associated with your account
No, I prequalified for a mortgage, and they've been wanting me to speak to a loan specialist ever since. \ Are you interested in mortgage for now?
I think I am going to meet the right guy soon \ That would be great for you!
I csn judy feel it \ Nice, I met the one 6 years ago I was 25
Congrats.  \ Thank you! I am sure you are going to find right one too, good luck 
I love live music, that's why I try to go to concerts \ I do too. Wat do you like?
My prefer is Rock but I can listen any kind Romantic or even  pop \ me too
For her recent breast cancer test, my mom's aunt came out positive. I am so afraid of her health deteriorating in a rapid manner \ Thats terrible
Do you also have any of your relatives go through such conditions before? \ yes. a first cousin. Cancer sucks
I love super hero movies now \ What is your favorite super hero movie?
wonder woman. She was fierce \ To be honest, it seemed quite childish for me
People around my workplace are always leaving litter all around the office and it really makes me mad. \ That sounds so frustrating! I can't stand messy people.
Same here. It's like they don't care about anyone else but themselves. \ Sounds like it! Are you in a management position or something where you can say something to them?
My roommate leaves her leftovers in the fridge for a disgusting amount of time. \ Oh that is really gross! Have you talked to her about it?
No, I don't feel like it's my place to tell her what to do. \ If you share the fridge, I'd let her know if it causes an odor or might affect the other food.
I came home expecting an empty apartment, but my boyfriend had come home a day early from his trip! \ cool. did he have gifts?
No, but I'm not big on gifts. \ Oh. I am lol
My daughtes is 4 and a big ball of energy \ Sounds like a handful!
YES!  I thought her first day of school was going to be togh but she did so well \ That's exciting! First day of school can be stressful.
I was expecting to get a better grade on my last exam, but alas it was lower than I had hoped. \ Oh no did you research what happened for it to be like that?
Yeah I made some silly mistakes in my answers. I should have studied a bit harder I suppose. \ I believe you will do better next semester, cheer up buddy
I have a companion now so  i won't have to be alone \ That's great! I don't like being alone all the time really.
Yes it's been 2 years since I get walked out on at the alter. Now I have sorted myself out and have my life in front of me that's why I have decided to get a companion now \ Oh that's horrible. Yes, you have overcome a lot it sounds like! Your outlook seems great now.
I have received $8,400 credit line after my application was approved with American Express for a credit card. So satisfied with my credit score \ No I did not
Do you have any credit cards? \ Yes, I have one credit card 
Do you feel anything like that \ Like what? Bad or miserable?
sad, when you see beggar in the street \ Yes indeed. Seeing people less fortunate than me makes go to pieces
I got my old favorite dress when I clean my cupboard. \ What color is your favorite dress?
It's pink. My childhood choice is this! It reminds me my childhood. \ That sounds very nice, so glad you have that dress.
Next month my wife and I are going on our first vacation, I can hardly wait. \ Wow. enjoy your own time.
I will, it is going to be great to get away together. \ Yeah, you're right. Hope you've memorable vacation.
I should have spent more time with my partner practicing her driving skills. She failed driving test for the second time already \ That is sad. Maybe you should put more effort in teaching her yourself
I am ashamed of myself for being careless and irresponsible. Next time I am determined to get her passed \ Yeah that will help a lot.  however do not blame yourself very much.It ain't entirely your fault
My daughter is very good at swimming and I had no idea she can swim leave alone compete \ Swimming is really fun and besides it, it is very healthy as it involves all muscles of the body to be engaged in movement
Yes it is i realized. i am going to help her now train even more so that she wins in other competitions. \ Good idea. That way she will learn self-discipline and flexibility
My friends threw me a sudden party for my birthday. Didn't see it coming at all. \ That's great! Did you enjoy it?
Yes, it was very fun. I was happy with it.  \ That's awesome. Sounds like you have a great set of friends.
Ten years ago now, a massive hurricane forced my family to evacuate. I didn't know if there would be anything to come back to. \ That's awful, but better safe than sorry. How were things when you came back?
Pretty messed up, but the house was still standing. \ That's a silver lining in all of it at least! 
Hi, I went on vacation to Mexico. There is very frequently electricty outage. It is bothering me a lot. \ OH no. I didn't have that problem in MExico
You were lucky. When did you went? Which city did you go to? \ It was two years ago. I cant remember where. We stayed on the beach all day.
MY daughter is going to eigth grade this year and wants to try out for lacrosse \ Nice, I don't know this sport. What are the rules?
It's kind of like soccer but they use some weird stick. She has never liked sports so I was surprised \ I am happy that she is trying something. Sport is important for kids.
So my boss just gave me a huge bonus for managing to cut down expenses by ten percent \ Wow. Well done! How did you do it?
Well it turns out we were spending a bunch of extra money paying for a service we weren't even using anymore.  \ That's a good spot then
The sun is shining here and I have the day to myself. \ Must be nice, planning anything exciting?
No - I think I'll go a walk and come home to watch the soccer \ Thats fair, so long as you destress and have a good day it doesn't matter what you do right?
Exactly - a nice day of chillaxing. \ But you know, if you have some time off might be a good chance to do cleaning 'round the house too.
I think it's time to end this chat - you are making dangerous suggestions now. \ 'eh, you can never have to much time to get caught up don't you think?
I can't face my parents :(  \ Oh really? Any reason why not?
i wrecked the family business \ Well I am sure you did the best you could with it. 
I found some milk that was way back expiring at work in the back of the fridge.  \ you should thrash in the waste bin
Yeah I had to dispose of it, but wow was it gross. \ oh ok, that good you took safety precaution and others from getting harm by doing that, welldone
Basically, it was a team lead position, or a management position. problem was, it was a different department that I had little experience in. \ Sorry - I'm not sure what you are talking about. What was?
Oh, sorry. I was pulled into the manager's office a while back about, I was being offered a promotion. But the way they were talking about it, it was as if it would be kinda bad if I turned it down. it was kind of agonizing worrying about if i would get in trouble for turning down something that I felt I wasn't ready for. \ Ah right - what did you do then?
Well, after about a day of debating it, I decided to turn it down and recommend someone who was more experienced for the position. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. \ All's well that ends well then
I woke up in the middle of the night. \ Oh? what happened? did something wake you up?
I thought someone was trying to get in the window. \ Oh dear. was it actually someone out there?
No. It was only the wind. \ Well that's good. I can imagine that would have been frightening]
I'm looking forward to watching teh Spanish Supercopa tonight. \ don't be too anxious, i trust your team will win
I'm not anxious about it - I don't support either team, but like to watch the spectacle. \ haha, i finally meet someone who is like me, game on buddy
what i have is enough for me, i don't bother about other people's stuff \ That's a good way to be. No point in being envious all the time.
yes, buddy and i wish everyone can be same too \ Me too - it would stop so much hate and bitterness.
I for one was pretty excited when the SNES classic came out not too long ago. It's been ages since I've played those games. Since I was a kid \ Same here! I haven't picked one up yet, but I loved all the choices they made on it. Some true gems on there.
Right? Plus, they finally released Star Fox 2! I thought that game would never see the light of day. \ Right! I had only played the leaked beta from back in the day. That's the one I am most excited about!
So my dog just graduated from his obedience course at his doggy school thing. I'm proud of him. \ oh wow congrats! what kind of dog is he?
Thanks! He's a welsh corgi. \ I have always wanted a corgi. They're very cute dogs. How old is he?
I am so mad that someone stole my car. \ Holy heck, just like right out of the parking lot or what?
Yes, they smashed the window and hot wired it. \ Crap is your insurance going to be able to get you another car or what?
I think my doctor might be giving me the wrong meds. This is the third night in a row where I can't sleep \ Have you thought about getting a second opinion?
Maybe but my insurance only covers so many places in my area \ Perhaps you should get different insurance.
I went to eat by myself last night, I have no friends. \ that's so sad
Yea, I wish I could make some new friends. \ All it takes is just a smile and a hello and at least you have one now. Me!
my daughter failed me \ What did she do to fail you?
she got pregnant at the age of 17  \ Did she have the baby?
I don't understand why some people get paid so much more than others \ May be because of the talent they possess!!
I can maybe understand that with doctors - but is a shopkeeper less talented than a banker? \ Valid point, Opportunity and skill sets are different 
I am off to London Next month \ Really? Business or pleasure?
Pleasure !!. Am meeting my friend after a long time. I am so excited \ I'm sure you'll have a great time. I've been a few tiomes but only for work so never seen the sights.
My wife is very nice to everyone she meets \ That's awesome! She sounds very nice then.
I think she will be a nun in her next life because loving  people is in her dna \ It's so nice to find someone that caring and kind! 
It might sound a bit silly, but I'm really down that this next season of Game of Thrones is going to be the last one. \ wow interesting
Yeah, my friends and I had a little ritual get-together to watch it on Sundays. Gonna miss that. \ i am sure you wont miss it
I as my friend a questipn and he lied to me \ I absolutely hate liars.   Are you sure he is really a friend if he lied to you?
He is a friend i have for sometime now \ Oh, I see.   I guess its kinda hard to give a friend you have a long time over a lie they told.   Hopefully he/she had a good reason to tell the lie then.
My ex boyfriend and I started having trouble getting along and we were under a lot of stress over money.   After awhile of this he started putting a password on his cell phone so I couldnt get in to see his messages.  THat was the first sign! \ Wao,thats really not cool
NO, not cool at all.  We ended up breaking up for a bit and he didnt waste any time before seeing this girl.   I wasted four years of my life for that to happen.    \ He doesnt deserve you,so wipe your tears
Working in another country for a year. Going to save up to marry my girlfriend \ I have always wanted to work abroad. What work are you doing there?
marketing actually. \ Cool. And congrats on your future engagement!
When I turned 25 I got my first surprise party thanks to my parents. \ That's really cool of them. You weren't expecting it at all, hu?
No. I just thought we were going to an early dinner together.  \ Parents can be great sometimes. Did you have a good time?
I have an interview this week. I've been doing lots of research for it. \ What is the interview for?
A job with a homeless charity  \ That sounds like a great job.
I am so ready to go to Japan. \ Wow! When do you go?
I leave in November. \ Not too long to wait then. Are you going to Tokyo?
I am shocked that my boss was arrested last night. \ Really? What did they do?
He got into a fight at a bar. \ Oh no! Did he get let out in the morning?
I watched a TV show last nigth and the presenter ate a live squid \ What show was this on?
It was Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown \ It is so sad that he died.
My family visited me couple of days ago after a long time \ Did you take them out or anything?
Yeah definitely i did. It was after a long and it was a surprise visit!! \ Where did you take them?
I will always believe in god. \ Good so am i. God is everywhere and everything
I always pray to him when I have troubles. \ People sure does that when they have trouble
I am ready to go to the baseball game tomorrow. \ I like baseball too
I hope the home team wins. \ Who is playing tomorrow ?
My sister is getting married next week \ Do you like her soon to be husband?
He is a good man \ That is great. What is your role in the wedding?
They make me feel afraid \ What makes you feel afraid?
The monsters,you can find them everywhere \ Everywhere? What do they look like?#
Yesterday I woke up to find a wasp in my room \ What is wasp?
It's a stinging insect. Yellow and black. \ Oh,i hope it did not hurt you
I really enjoyed the concert last night. \ What was the concert?
It was Taylor Swift. \ I'm glad you enjoyed it. 
I'm looking forward to the Spanish Supercopa tonight \ What is that? I have never heard of it.
It's a soccer match between the winners of the Spanish League and the winners of teh Spanish cup. They play it tonight in Tangiers. \ Nice, are you going to the game?
So I was driving late the other night and I saw a BEAR crossing the road. \ Did you stop for him?
Yeah I stayed my distance. He didn't even acknowledge me or the other car. \ Did you take a photo of the bear?
I love my new car. \ That's good! What kind of car is it?
It is a BMW M6. \ Oh yeah that is a really nice one!
I am counting down the days till my bachelor party. \ How many days to go then?
25 days till the fun. \ And when is the wedding?
I'm looking forward to all the soccer on TV today \ Who is playing?
There are lots of games on. The best is Barcelona v Sevilla in Tangiers for the Supercopa \ What channel is it on?
im very sure that I will have straight As in the exam \ That is good, have you studied hard?
Yes I have because I wanted my parents to be proud of me  \ That is good, where do you go to school?
Donald Trump makes me sick. \ oh no, why is that
He tweets about dumb stuff. \ i know right, but what can we do, he is the president :)
I killed my family and fed them to the pigs \ You should be arrested for this.
I feel very guilty about it - but what was I supposed to do? They had to die. \ You can report yourself to the police.
I am wishing that Trump wins re election. \ Really? Why?
Cause he is doing a great job. \ I'm not sure everyone agrees. But I'm not American so I can't judge it fairly
so a couple weeks ago i went out partying with some friends and while we were drinking my friend went out to do drugs to feel better but since i was his bestfriend i didnt like to see him throw his life away like that and mentioned that we were already drinking he didnt need to get higher but he refused so i started yelling to chill out and he shoved me to the ground. i felt he chose the drugs over friends \ I can see why you feel that way. Sometimes addicts aren't in full control of their decisions, though.
yeah but there is always a time and a place and if i invite my bestfriend to have a good night and he decides to do his own thing it annoys me, as i hate seeing him like that and after that i felt the night was just ruined.  \ I think you have a right to be mad over that. 
I went to my mom's for dinner two nights ago and she didn't even cook the chicken all the way through. I nearly threw up at the table. \ wow! i would have felt some type of way to. what did you do after 
I can't yell at her for it, she is getting up in age and is trying her best. I gently reminded her that chicken needs to be cooked to 165 degrees and if she doesn't have a meat tempature checker, I'd get one for her \ yea or be there next time she makes dinner and give her tips eating raw chicken is very bad
I know I will win my court case. \ If you are very sure about it. I know you will!!
I expect to get a lot of money. \ Good for you. I hope you will
Manchester united didn't signed any good defender this transfer window \ Were you expecting them to?
yeah i did but they didn't. I am irritated and so is the Manager \ Do you expect them to lose now?
Sometimes I have nobody to talk to. \ Have you ever thought of talking to someone online?
My best friend moved to New Zealand so I sometimes talk to her online. But teh time difference is tough to work atround \ Perhaps you should join Facebook.
I am so afraid of not finishing school. \ How much have you still got to go?
I have two years left. \ I'm sure you'll be fine
I am so sad Anthony Bourdain died. \ Me too. He was a cool guy.
He killed himself, makes no sense. \ Yeah it's very sad
I was surprised at a delivery that arrived the other day \ What did you receive?
A parcel. \ What was in it?
I will be the first in line to see the new Top Gun 2 movie. \ When does it come out?
Next year, but I can't wait. \ I'm looking forward to it too
I just ate 3 donuts by myself \ What kind of donuts?
Just sugar ring donuts. \ Did you eat them quickly?
I am really loving Big Brother this season. \ I haven't watched it in years. Is it good this time?
They are really going at it this season. \ That always makes it interesting
I woke up scared because I heard a noise at the window \ Was anyone there or was it just the wind?
It was just a branch tapping against it in the wind.  \ At least it wasn't a robber.
Tiger Woods is playing good golf again, wow. \ Oh really? I didn't know that actually
Yes, he may be a champion again. \ last time I saw him, he was playing pretty rough so it's neat to hear he's back on track
I made an artistic creation that took me a long time and i finally had the courage to release it. \ That is great, I bet it is pretty.
haha, well it's an album that I made a while back but finally finished and yes, I am pretty happy with it \ Do you play any instruments?
I do not like the fact my brother always uses my car. \ CAn you not ask him not to?
Yea but he never listens. \ Could you hide the keys?
I have interviews next week \ Is it for a job?
Yes - I feel confident about it \ What kind of job is it for?
I'm worried about an interview on Monday \ You will do fine, just relax.
I always get nervous in these situations# \ Just remember that it is only one interview. 
I really do not like the new text and drive laws. \ No - did you used to text while driving?
Yes, and I never got into any accidents. \ But maybe some people aren't as consientous as you and did get into accidents
I took the last piece of chicken at dinner, I shouldn't of. \ was there something wrong with it?
No but I should of let my mother or brother have it. \ ah well thats true
i was up set when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door \ Are they going to pay for the repair?
it was in a store parking lot .. dont even know who did it \ That stinks, nothing you can do.
i  have 4 beautiful girls  that are top scorers \ Top scorers in what?
all subjects in school \ Nice, what is your favorite subject?
I am really sad that the boat sunk last week. \ oh no, cheer up
I will never be able to ride on the lake again. \ me too , good thing is all passengers were rescued from last week's 
Just moved to a new city, new work, and I've got no friends. \ Have you tried making any?
I have, but it's pretty tough with my schedule. \ maybe try going out to concerts or clubs or sporting events, somewhere you can find people with common interests
i found some old keepsakes in my parents basement and it made me feel nostalgic  \ What did you find?
old toys, sports equipment, video games etc \ I love old school video games. What were your favorites?
I am so mad that my brother stole 100 bucks from me, \ Really? Have you spoken to him about it?
Yes but he denies doing it. But I saw him take it. \ What about your parents? Can they help?
I made an amazing pizza the other day \ What kind of pizza?
It was a detroit style with 3 cheeses and tomato and garlic sauce. Mmmm \ I prefer Chicago Deep Dish Pizza.
i loved taking care of my sisters pet the other day \ That's nice! What kind of pet was it?
it is a bearded dragon \ Oh wow that's cool! I bet it was fun to hang out with.
I secretly ate the test of my roomie's potato chips and I feel kinda bad about it. \ did you buy them some new ones ?
Not yet, but I think that would be the best plan. Especially before they realize they're gone... \ yea thats probably true
I have an interview this week \ what kind of job are you interviewing for
It's a job with a homeless charity \ oh that sounds interesting
i am happy about next week \ what is happening next week?
the kids return to school \ So you can get some peace and quiet?
I'm looing forward to all the soccer on tv today \ I love watching soccer .
Who do you support? \ I love Manchester United.
I am shocked my brother is getting married. \ Really - do you know the bride?
Yes, she was my friend from high school. \ That's nice. When are they getting married?
I should never of lied about my job. \ ok now deal with it by confessing to her 
I didn't tell her, it was to my interviewer. \ oh ok. Just be hopeful that he won't find out
why can't i get what everyone is getting \ What are you looking to get?
a raise in salary \ Have you asked you boss?
I cry every time I think of my late cousin. \ Aww, you must have been close to them.
Yes, we did everything together. \ That's hard to lose someone so close to you. At least their memory will live on forever with you.
My boss brought me some coffee out of the blue. I was surprised yet happy by that.  \ Maybe he wants you to work the weekend.
Haha, I've gotta be sure to keep my phone turned off when I leave on Friday. \ That would be a smart move.
I made an amazing pizza the other day \ I do not like pizza.
No? why not? \ I just do not like the sauce and too much bread.
I really do not like the free education law. \ Why not?
If your parents make too much money you do not qualify. \ It's not fair - but I suppose the opposite view is that if they make enough money then you don't need the support that otehr people do.
My first date was so embarrassing \ What happened? Was it that bad?
I was runnign late so turned up a big sweaty mess. Then I talked all the way through a movie. \ I am sure she didn't like that.
I am a longer, I am a lone wolf, I have no friends. \ I'm sorry to hear that.
I have tried to have friends, but it never works. \ Do you think there are any reasons for that?
I am looking forward to having everyone home next week \ Who is everyone?
my grand children \ How many grandchildren do you have?
I am ready for the weekend to end, big Monday for me. \ nice 
I am trying to close a deal for work, big money. \ I hope it works out well for you buddy
I am ready to go on Jeopardy. \ when do you go?
My episode films next week. Hopefully I can win. \ i wish you good luck!
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ What did he do to the dog?
he left the gate open and my dog ran away \ Did the dog ever come back?
My neighbors always have company. People are constantly parking in fron of my apartent. \ Oh no. Is there a lot of parking available?
It a small complex, and visitor parking is far. That's where they should park though. Its annoying \ I agree. I had an apartment with limited parking and people that didn't live there always parked there anyway.
For my current job, I thought about interview answers that I did poorly on before. I was able to ace this interview and have been there for three years! \ Congratulations. Interviews can be stressful
True. The interview I had before I got this job went so, so badly. I studied some common questions so I was ready the next time. \ Thats smart. And it worked.
was travelling 14 hours internationally. First flight got delayed and the airline would not apologize and provide altenative \ That's terrible. I thought they had to offer some sort of alternative. What airline was it?
British airways. they claimed because they dont have ties to the connecting, they could not \ I've never trusted British Airways. 
I killed my family and fed them to pigs. \ oh dear. Are you ok?
I feel a bit guilty. One of the pigs died of food poisoning and it was all my fault. \ oh no. sorry to hear about your pig.
I have an interview this week. I am going to ace it \ What job is it for?
It's with a homeless charity \ What is the name of the charity?
I really wish I had hair, I don't like being bald. \ Did you shave it off or are you naturally bald?
I am naturally bald. \ Have you considered a hair transplant?
My wife surprised me with dinner she cooked when I got home from work the other day. I was so thankful. \ What did she make?
She had made some cream-based pasta with broccoli. It was very tasty. \ Nice. I love creamy pasta sauces
I can't believe how much more some people get paid than others \ I know right? The wage gap is pretty big in many cases.
Yeah - for no real reason. Why does a banker get paid more than a baker? Both provide a valuable service. \ That's a good way of looking at it. It really boggles the mind.
it was impressive to see lebron sign with the lakers \ I agree. I'm sure Lakers fans are thrilled!
yea i just hope they can beat the warriors \ I don't think they can... yet. But I'm rooting for them anyway.
I had some licorice candies recently. My grandfather used to buy them for me all the time when I was little. \ probably brought back some memories ?
Definitely. It made me happy and sad at the same time! \ well at least it brought back some good memories!
I watched a tv show the other day and a guy ate a live squid \ oh wow that is gross.
Disgusting, right? It was wriggling in his mouth \ yea i dont see why thats allowed on tv, how is that not animal cruelty
i was mad when i saw my dog had gotten out \ Was it alright?
he is still missing, the gate was left unlocked \ Oh no. has he done this before?
i was crushed when i  didnt get the day off \ Oh man! What did you want to do with it?
i wanted to go fishing with the family \ I love to fish. There'll be other chances though
I just ate 4 donuts by myself \ did they taste good?
They tasted mighty good! \ thats all that matters!
I took a candy bar from a child. \ Why did you do that?
I was hungry, I feel so ashamed of doing that. \ lol. Did the child cry when you took it?
The mason did a great job \ What did he do?
He did erect the structure for my new building \ That sounds very interesting.
I have a job interview next week. I've been doing lots of research. \ Job interviews always make me nervous. Research is a great idea!
I hope it serves me well \ It definitely can't hurt. Good luck on the interview!
My little boy said "daddy" for the first time last month. What an amazing feeling! \ Lovely- how old is he?
He's about 10 months old. I don't think he knows what he's saying, but it still made me happy! \ I heard about a baby who's first words were "Hey, Google"
Hahaha  He must be a millennial! \ Yeah - along with a  million kids called Alexa.
I was in the woods and a bear chased after me. \ Wow. What did you do then?
I climbed up a tree.  I was so scared. \ Did it get you?
I was glad when my friend paid me back money he owed me. \ I'm glad you got your money back.
Me too - I really needed it \ Then all is well!
i didnt expect to be approved for a week off from work \ Are you going on vacation?
yea im gonna go camping \ That sounds like fun!
My favorite football team lost yesterday. \ how bad was it
It was pretty bad, I am so upset about it. \ well there is always the next game!
Do you have kids? My daughter will be 14 soon. I don't want her to grow up. \ None that I know of!  I feel you.. if I ever had a daughter I'd be overprotective and stressing
She is so smart and outgoing. I know she is going to want to leave the state for college. Nooooo \ Nope lock her in the basement
I want dry, breezy, and sunny weather the whole week dang it \ Where can you get that kind of weather.
45 min from where I live...South Padre Island, white sand gorgeous girls and cheap liquor \ You had me at cheap liquor
Had a interview yesterday. I think it went pretty well. I hope I get the job. \ Thats good. Make sure you follow up.
Thank you. I did actually. The recruiter sounded pretty positive on the phone. \ That's great. Would this be a good job?
I bought a lottery ticket and have a feeling I will win. \ Good luck! I hope you'll win!
I know my chances are not good but maybe I can get lucky. \ Well, you never know. It's nice to think what you can do with the money though.
My best friend has alwas been there for me. \ That's cool.  It's good to have loyal friends
Our friends have even grown up together and we met at a job that we both hated. She is like my sister. \ What are some personality traits you both have in common
I'm mad I only hit 335 on the bench today and not my regular 350...I need to start eating healthier \ That's important. There's always tomorrow though.
True. Do you like to work out \ I wish. I bought a spin bike in January and have used it once. I have to quit smoking.
I found myself suddenly by myself and it seemed as if all the people I had become friends with were no longer wanting to still be friends.  I mostly met all of them through him when we got together, and when he left me he told them not to speak to me anymore and they listened. \ That's sad. But I'm sure they stil want to be firends with you too
I dont think they do.  He was an abusive guy and he didnt want me to have them as friends and he would make up lies about me .  I dont think it was so much the lies he made up because they knew they were not true.  I think they were just loyal to him. \ Posibly. Sounds like you are better off without him though
Hi, I have applied for a driving license thrice and I have failed in all the thee \ I am so sorry to hear that! Is there a particular section you are having trouble with?
Yes, I am a little uncomfortable driving backwards. I just can't do that. \ Ah! That's quite understandable. It is tricky at first and non-intuitive. I practiced driving in reverse with cones in an abandoned lot. 
every time I try not to hit that cone but those are so close. \ I know it's hard, but practice makes perfect! Keep trying and I am sure you will get it!
I still can't believe my life is where it's at, especially if you look at the past few years. I would never believe you if you told me I would be here. \ Why what is the matter?
Well, for many years I was an alcoholic, working for near minimum wage in kitchens. But that all changed when I was accepted to University! \ Hmmm! That is just annoying being an alcoholic. I purely understand your situation as I have gone through it. Well! life goes on.
It does. I worked really hard to pass the acceptance tests, and I couldn't believe when I passed with flying colors! \ that is great..congrats....
I was at the club yesterday and my brother left me. I knew he was coming back though. He just wanted a taco \ This happens many times, they just don't care of us
What do you mean by that \ our siblings, leaving us all alone in a party or a club.
Yesterday, I was standing in a lift and a man next to me whispered in my ears that your zip is open.  \ Thats creepy honestly
It was just very creepy situation \ Yeah whispering in someones ear is weird
I love it when the buildbuilding is comingfrom me \ That's awesome, I wish I could build my own house.
Is the conversation over? You are welcome then. \ Well thank you as well.
Her name was Lily and she was a pit bull, my favorite breed.   I loved her so much.  We did everything together.  She would go wherever I did. \ Did she die recently?
No she had to go to the humane society when my ex boyfriend and I broke up.   I had no choice, and he did it just to hurt me.  Lily would go swimming with me, ride on our boat etc.  When she was just a pup she would sit on my lap as i rode the four wheeler.  \ Oh wow! Thats so sad, I know animals can be like kids to use. I'm so sorry
 I was listening to this random music playlist on Youtube and then this song that I hadn't heard since I was a kid, that I had completely forgotten about, came on and brought back all these childhood memories. \ What was the song?
It was this song by the band "Cake" that my parents used to play all of the time in the car. I can't remember the name though.  \ Is it short skir't long jacket. I love that song.
Everything always reaks in my apartment and the maintenence team sucks. \ Oh no that's so gross! Do you know what
I have lived here so long and every new team is th same. \ My landlord has the same issue. 
I hope to move next year. Time for a house. \ Yes same for me just have to fix up the credit score a bit more ha.
He was originally suspended at 17 when he again got got with a little bit of weed.  They have a law here in missouri called 21 and under law.  Automatically get suspended for a year if ur a minor in possession. \ That can ruin a persons life.
I know it can which is why I was so worried at court.  THe judge looked at him and said son you need to hire you a lawyer.  I  throw people in jail for things like this. \ That is such a mess.
The best thing happened at work today! \ Tell me more, sounds exciting! 
Well we have these weekly meetings about our goals and today I was recognized by name in front of everyone for a job well done. \ Good on you! You finally got recognition for your hard work
I've felt excited when I found out I had won a place on a prestigious creative writing course, taught by someone who I knew could help me in ways that I would I not be able to through self-study alone. \ You are so lucky to be talented enough to achieve such an honor. Was it as wonderful as you had imagined it would be?
Thank you for the kind words. You know what? It was, but not for the reasons I imagined! It turned out that everyone in the class developed a really close bond and while the advice from the teacher was wonderful, it was the lifelong friendships and mutual edits that the students do for each other that has proved equally special!  \ Sounds like it was a once in a lifetime experience.
I like going fishing, it reminds me of when I would go with my dad when I was a kid. \ Do you have any kids?
I do, I have a 6 month old boy. How about you? \ I have 3- I bet you can't wait to take him fishing.
Ugh! Tonight was such a bummer. \ Oh no what happened?
I was going to go to a concert but couldn't get myself to go by myself at the last minute. I feel like I'm going to regret not going. \ What concert was it?
It was an annual block party we have here with a local lineup of musicians. I really liked the lineup! \ That probably would have been fun.
I was pregnant and I went in to labor in the middle of the night unexpectedly. I didn't have reliable transportation and the taxi company was closed so I had to call a friend who I hadn't seen in a long time and luckily she was able to take me.  \ Wow that sounds pretty stressful
It was, I had a quick labor and I didn't have time to get an epidural once I got there. It was my least favorite birth of all of my kids, the next one was better though.  \ Did he / she turn out fine without complications?
I love that feeling of finishing a bomb workout at the gym...then catch 5 cute girls staring and shyly look away and their boyfriends giving me salty looks \ Wow is that really something that happens?
Yup every time. \ I don't think I believe you. 
Haters gonna hate \ That's so funny! How did they react when you did that?
They were surprised, I apologized and exited the house as fast as I can. My face was red.  \ I would've been so embarrassed if that was me. At least you've got a funny story to tell people.
I just found out that my girlfriend has cheated on me \ I feel sorry for you, how did you reacted ?
I was so angry, but also so shocked that I didn't even know what to say to her \ This is normal, maybe you should take so time alone to think about how you really fell about the situation. Anger  can make you do things that you will regret later. 
The aftermath was awful.  Trash and debris was everywhere and we were homeless.  We lived out in the country and it took some time before red cross came out to do their report and get help to us. \ That sounds terrible. I hope you're okay now.
I am doing better now but it was really hard times.  We had moved everything up higher as we never expected our whole house to go.  Unfortunately we had all our belongings in the house as well. \ Well all the matters is that no one was hurt. You can buy property again but not lives.
I got a makeover and bought fashionable clothes for the date \ Oh that sound like a lot of fun!! Hope your date ended up being worth all that work.
It was we really hit it off because I was feeling so confident and fresh. \ Confidence is definitely a good things to have when going on a date.   I bet your looked great!
I'm a high school teacher so of course the pressure is always on to keep them on track. I definitely broke the ice on the first day. \ That's good. Great teachers are always needed in this world.
Yeah, thanks! I love my job, but I tripped over a chair and smahed my head on a desk \ Oh no! Did you hurt yourself bad?
I dropped all my food in the cafeteria the other day. Everybody was staring at me. \ Was it at college?
No, it was at work. \ OH wow! Did you get it all over youself?
Somebody broke off the side mirror of my car. \ Ugh! Sounds like a problem. Can you find out who it was.
No, I am so angry about it. \ Well its best not to think about it too much. Being angry will not help at all. 
My firm planned a retirement party for me behind my back! \ That is so nice of them!
I agree! I was so surprised that they thought of me like that and liked me. \ You have some great people at work!
I was really mad with my housemate last night. She got in really late and made loads of noise \ Oh that can be annoying! I guess in her defence it was a Saturday night? But still, it doesn't take much effort to try to keep the noise down even if you do get in late! I hope you were able to sleep okay. 
Yeah I agree, we both work shifts though so sometimes I have to work all of Saturday day and I always make sure to keep the noise down if she's had to work a Saturday. Thank you. \ Yeah, like you suggest, it is the little considerations of the other person's needs that can make the difference between an okay and a really good flatmate.
I once accidently ran down the battery on my car when I mid-judged how long I could run the radio for without the engine running. It was 5am and I was in the middle of nowhere. I called the first person I could think of who could help and they came with crocodile clips and recharged the battery. I felt so grateful to be on the receiving end of a kind act. I was also embarrassed that I had let that happen and I learned from it!  \ That sounds like a really stressful situation. It's really good to know that there are still helpful people out there!
Yeah for sure! It was one of those things that once it happens once then you definitely know the limits of the car's battery power without engine running - so you make sure it won't happen again! \ I'm glad you've put a positive spin on it :) 
My dog had to be put down the other day. I'm heart broken \ That is so sad.
I'm really sad about it. I don't think I'll be able to get another dog for a while. \ Yeah, it will take some for the pain to go away.
A guy was chasing me down an alley yesterday. \ Oh no. I'm so sorry to hear that. It must have been terrifying?
Yes, I was so scared when it happened! \ I'm glad you're ok
I took an important test last week. \ I hope you did well.  Was it difficult?
Yes, but I am sure I did good. \ What was the test over?
I ordered a new phone last week, and when the box got here it was empty. \ That is so messed up!
Yeah, I was pretty upset, especially when they initially refuse to refund my money. \ I would be so angry.
He had good grades \ Nice, who did may I ask?
My son \ I see, you must me so proud of him.
I walked by my old friends neighborhood. It brought back so many memories.  \ That is cool
I agree, I felt so nostalgic just looking at his house.  \ Old memories
I'm ready for college football to start. I can't wait for kickoff weekend! \ Who do you support? 
Auburn Tigers \ Cool. Do you play football too?
My daughter got is going to university. I'm so happy \ Awesome! Congratulations to you both! 
Thank you, I'm so proud \ I bet. What school is she going to?
Do you have any kids? \ Yes I have 3 children
I do too. My son is super shy and has had a crush on this girl for such a long time. It sounds silly but one of my best mommy moments was when he asked her out \ That is so cute! That must make you proud
I had a job interview which I was worried about. I had to prepare a presentation and I was scared I would mess up \ How did it go? Did you get the job.
It ended up going well and I got the job, I didn't need to be so nervous \ Thats so awesome! Was it in the field you wanted?
I ran out of funds for college and they want me to get a private loan. \ Well, is that something you can do?
I don't want too much debt. \ Right, well is there any other way?
I think that's my only option now.  \ Look carefully before you sign.
My family has been very nice lately. \ That's cool. Was it not like that before?
It's off an on for some reason. I can never tell why. \ My family is like that too. 
A few years back I had to bury my dog, who had died at the age of 13. \ Oh wow, What kind of dog was it? I'm so sorry that must've been super hard
He was a lab.  It broke my heart, to be honest. \ I can imagine. I haven't had an animal die yet but my cat is 13 and I'm dreading the day
I knew I was nervous about coming in as a new female coach because working with mostly males can be so intimidating. \ I bet so.  I can't imagine the difficulty of having to enter a field like that.
Yeah, on the division 1 level the pressure is always on, no matter the sex \ Division 1 is pretty prestigious.  That is very cool, indeed.
I got a scary call from my nieces earlier this week. Apparently no matter what they did, they could not awaken her from her sleep. \ Wow, that must've been awful! How did it all turn out?
I apologize, they couldn't wake my sister up.  Thank God she ended up being okay, the EMT's checked her out...we have no idea what happened. \ That sounds really scary, I'm so glad it all turned out fine.
I've been having some financial problems lately and my family has helped a lot. I appreciate their help a lot. \ It is so nice to have family be able to back you up in a time of need. Have you been able to catch up yet?
Yes that's true. And I did actually! Doing just fine now. \ That is wonderful! Great wait to start the upcoming holiday season.
I took money from my daughter's piggy bank. \ Not cool! Why did you do that?
I needed beer money.  I feel so guilty about it. \ As you should! You should put back the money that you stole.
I emptied an entire cookie jar against the doctor's orders. \ Why did you do that?
A sudden force of the passions. Guess you're not the only one feeling guilty today. \ True, I hope you can fight those urges.
My brother wont stop making fun of my pimple since morning. Ugh! \ That must be so frustrating
I agree, and annoying because he wont be quiet and keeps making fun of me.  \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he stops soon.
here was a giant spider in my house the other day. I was terrified \ Oh my, how did you deal with it? I hope you didnt kill it.
Oh no, I love animals. I asked my neighbour to take it outside. \ Good on you. The spider is probably thankful for that. It didnt mean to scare you.
I wanted to go to a writing conference. It is a huge and allows you to meet so many people. Unfortunately, something else came up and I had to cancel. I felt so bad that I wouldn't be able to go.  \ I am so sorry that you couldnt go as I can see this was so important to you.  Why did you have to cancel?  Must have been something important come up!
We thought we were going to have to move at the exact same time. It turns out we didn't move after all! But it still would've been hard because it was so expensive.  \ Im sorry you that happend to you.  DO you write books?
I thought I would never get the chance or opportunity to better my life as well as my childrens.  I cant wait till I get that degree \ That's wonderful that you are pursuing a degree. What is it in?
I am getting a counseling degree to help abused women.  I feel I would make a good counselor since I  have been in a few abusive relationships myself. \ That is great that you have been able to overcome and do this to help others. You can really make a difference! 
I saw a video game trailer recently that really brought me back! \ Yeah? Which game was it for?
The new Spyro Remastered game coming out. Seeing it really reminded me of how I used to play the original all day with an old friend of mine. \ Nice. The original Spyro is a classic.
I did something really foolish at the grocery store yesterday. \ Oh no! What did you do?
I was reaching for some pasta sauce and knocked a few of them over. They shattered on the ground a such a huge mess that two workers had to come mop it up. \ Oh yikes! That's a bummer. I'm sure the employees see that kind of thing all the time, though.
Someone threw away my lunch at work. \ Was your name on it?
Yes, I think they did it on purpose. It makes me so mad thinking about it.  \ Have you had issues with this worker before?
When the letter came in the mail- I was so scared to open it. \ Oh no, what did it say?
That I got into my dream colleg \ Oh congratulations!  I am so happy for you!
My ex already found someone else. I can not believe it!  \ Were you guys married?
We were just dating. I am bubbling with jealousy because she takes picture with him and sends them to me. \ Are you serious? That's so childish. I wouldn't let it bother you even though I know thats easier said than done.
I finally got my dream job, but was so nervous about starting it. Going into a male dominated world as a young female can be scary. \ Good on you for taking that stand! You must be very proud of yourself 
I am. It still is a little overhwleming some days like, Wow I'm really here. \ Its all down to hard work. You deserve to be there. 
I was really impressed by how well Croatia did in the World Cup this year. I didn't expect them to reach the final! \ I don't really follow soccer, but it always cool for an underdog to do well.
I usually support the underdog \ I do, too.  Was it their first time to the final?
I had a flat on the way to work this morning, and the jack handle was missing from my car. \ Oh no. What did you do?
I used a screwdriver to work the jack. It sucked, lol. \ Lol, well done for attempting it. Did you make it to work on time?
My son got a promotion at work! \ That is so cool!
I agree, I am so proud of him. he has been working really hard to get that promotion. \ He must be a hard worker!
I remember going fishing with my dad. \ Do you feel nostalgic about it? If they were good memories.
There were great memories.  I miss those days. \ Yep, childhood was the best time. Its best to remember these things every now and then.
My puppy is turning 2 years old next month. The day I adopted her was one of the best days of my life. \ Nice. What is his name?
Churro. He's a boxer mix. \ Nice. I like dogs.
My brother was coming back from a trip. I was expecting from him to bring to me a gift. \ He didn't bring you anything?
Nothing, I was so supprised by that. \ That's strange. I always try to buy gifts for my family when I go on a trip.
he Air BnB people left my house in a mess. There were dirty diapers everywhere. \ Oh, no I"m sorry to hear that. 
Its okay. I called the cleaning company because I was so disgusted by the smell. \ I would have done the same thing. Some people have no respect.
I think the best days of my life where the day my children were born. \ Yep those are the most exciting times of life. 
I didn't think I could have children it took forever to get pregnant so to hold them in my arms once born was magical. \ It must have been the best feeling in the world. I am glad you felt it too.
My friend just bought a new Range Rover. \ That's great. Is it very nice? I've never been in one of those before. 
They are so nice!  I am so envious of him. \ How many people does it hold? I have five kids so we have a minivan. 
My daughter sang in a chorus concert. She did so well. She has a beautiful voice.  \ She must have a lovely voice!
She does! She is only twelve, but she really sings nicely. She loves to sing.  \ You must be a great parent!
There was strange noise from the kitchen at night. \ Did you have your alarm on
Yes, but it didnt ring. I was spooked but it turned out I had left the window open and it was the wing.  \ Oh wow, I would have thought maybe an animal had gotten in
You ever get your hopes up over a job that you just knew was yours. \ Yes one time. I was feeling very hopeful that day. Have you?
Me too- until they called and told me it wasn't mine \ Oh my, sorry to hear that. I am sure there is another job out there for you.
I remember back when I was deployed to Iraq. It was some lonely nights, I tell you. \ How long were you deployed for. And thank you for your service.
A year that time. Thank you! I had an evening shift at the medical clinic. The nights were extremely quiet. \ In the medical clinic I bet quiet nights were ok.
Do you have any animals? I just had to put mine down \ Oh my goodness, I'm sorry! I have a dog and two cats.
Yeah, It was the worst day of my life, worst than my divorce. ha \ That says a lot about your spouse, when losing your pet is worse. 
I can't believe he did it! I just went to my brother's graduation ceremony at Princeton. \ Oh that's super excited! I'm sure you're really proud of him.
Oh yeah, definitely! He put in a ton of work and it all paid off! \ That's super great to hear! Well deserved.
I just celebrated my birthday and it was so much better than usual. \ That's great. What made it so special this year?
I usually don't do much to celebrate but this year a friend of mine got all my other friends together to throw a party for me without me knowing. It was a great time. \ Sounds like fun! I'm glad you had a happy birthday.
My girlfriend bought me a new phone! \ Cool!  Getting a new phone is like Christma!
It is!  I am so thankful of her! \ That is a pretty good girlfriend to buy you a new phone.
My wife and I have tried to have a baby for over three years, and had given up hope.  Two weeks ago, we found out she was pregnant. \ I am so happy for you! Congrats!
Thank you!  We were both pretty shocked by the news, lol. \ I wish you nothing but the best!
My parents planned a welcoming party for me when I returned from college without telling me! \ Oh that's nice of them!  I hope you had a good time at the party!
I did! I met my old friends and drank wine all night. It was a nice surprise.  \ Ooo wine, a classy bunch of folk you are!
My wife can write really well, and she just wrote this article on networking. \ I seem you must be quite proud of her for writing on such a subject.
Yeah I read it and was super impressed.  I think she's great at it, and it should be published. \ I agree, high quality work deserves to be read by a broader audience. 
I think today is going to be a good day. \ I sure hope so. Why do you think that it will be a good day?
It started off well.  I made a good breakfast. I've got some good coffee and the weather is supposed to be nice. \ Yep, it sounds like you are starting your day off on the right foot.  Hope mine goes as well as yours seems to be going so far.
I was in an extremely dangerous abusive relationship at the time and I knew he was intending to put her in the middle of it all.   He intended to use her for leverage over me . \ It sounds like you're talking about two different people there instead of just one person.  I'm a little confused.
Oh my I am getting ahead of myself.  I was referring to when I had to put my daughter emerson up for adoption in 2011.   \ Ouch that sucks. I'm sorry to hear that.
I watched a competition show on television in which people were competing to be on Broadway. They were amazing! They could sing and dance so beautifully!  \ You must have been so impressed. They must have been quite talented.
They were unbelievable. They were also so attractive - just really stunning.   \ I wish I could dance like that! Too bad I am only good with computers!
The airplane smelled like it had not been cleaned. And I had a 8 hour flight non-stop. \ Oh that sounds awful! What did you do?
I just have to suck it up even though I was disgusted and had to hold my nose the entire time! \ At least once it's over, it's over. I would consider other airlines next time! I would also write a complaint letter. 
I have to put together an IKEA drawer later. \ Are you good at doing flatpack DIY?
Yeah, i am sure it will be easy. \ Cool
I met up with old school friends the other day. It was for the first time in about 15 years \ That must have been exciting. 
It was lovely \ I am very happy for you.
Hey, I was talking a walk the other day and I accidentally stepped in some dog poop, talk about gross. \ Ewww. I haven't done that in a while. Thankfully.
I'm glad for you, people need to clean up after their animals! \ They sure do. Isn't it the law?
I wake up to a dead cell phone every single morning. \ Oh that's the worst, I try to remember to charge but it's hard to remember every time.
I charge it every night. My son steals it to watch youtube videos and falls asleep with it on. \ So he's the culprit! He better start charging it or else it's revoked !
Have you ever had to lose a pet? \ I have. It's definitely awful. It's much like losing a family member.
Yes, I had a party and one of my friends let him out and he was ran over. \ Oh no! What a horrible thing to happen. I'm sorry to hear that.
Ugh! My friend is definitely getting on my nerves today. \ Why what happened? Are y'all on a trip?
We made plans to catch up but never set a time. I tried to contact him to figure out what time and he never got back to me. I was looking forward to catching up. \ Oh wow, so he basically ghosted you? I would be mad too
Yes, I pray not to be found or trapped like they trapped me to stab unknown man. \ That sounds very bizarre.
Serious, that has being my worse situation so far \ I hope you are okay.
I had a meal at Chili's last night. \ Wow, what a good moment you had. What did you take as your meal?
I had a burger.  I enjoyed the meal I must say. \ Hahaha hahaha, u can see that you like good things. I missed that with you.
I am looking forward to having donuts later. \ Are you excited about something?
Yes, I can't wait to eat them! \ You must be very hungry
My car window was broken when i walked up to my car this morning! \ That is so messed up!
Yeah it is! Im going to have to spend money I didnt have. Im so upset right now. \ I hope this doesn't happen again.
I stole money from my five year old daughter \ Why would you do that?
I need money to fund my beer addiction. I feel really guilty now. \ Oh wow, Have you ever thought about getting help?
Have you ever lived alone? \ Yes and it was the worst experience of my life. Have you?
Yeah, just recently- I left my husband \ Oh my, I hope you dont feel scared living alone
I really felt like a fool last night. \ Oh my, what did you do, may I ask?
I was playing a board game with a few friends and I ended up spilling my entire drink all over the table.  \ That does not sound good. It must have been so embarrassing!
I have been training for months for the race! \ Oh, what is the race? Sounds like a lot of work!
Its a 100m sprint. Its a lot work but it has helped me prepare well.  \ I'm sure all the work will be worth it in the end!
I once had a long walk home from the railway station with two very heavy bags. It turned out that another person had also missed the last bus and had to walk much of the journey with me as his home was in the same direction as mine. The two bags I had had some expensive DJ equipment but they were VERY heavy so when they guy who had to walk home the same way said he would help by carrying one of the bags I trusted him! He didn't disappoint, he helped me get home earlier and without a bad back; while the kindness of strangers made what a potentially bad night to a reasonably pleasant one - all down to trust! \ What a nice guy.  There are fewer and fewer of those every day.
It's one of those things that in the day time you might expect but this was like 1am so I'm sure he would have wanted to get home as soon as he could but he chose to make his night harder to make my night easier.  \ Are you goings going to stay friends?
I found an old concert t-shirt from a concert I went too in highschool. \ Cool! What style of music? 
Deftones. They're an "alt metal" band \ Ah I've heard of them, they used to be played on some of the local rock stations. Love a tour t-shirt, always means you might make a friend if you wear it out as other fans are bound to compliment you!
I just saved money by switching to a new insurance company. \ Ha. Was it geice?
Yes, it was!  I am thankful for the savings! \ How much did you save?
Have you ever been so scared at night that your bascially frozen to your bed? \ Yes, it is terrifying!
It ended up just being the wind, \ Oh thank goodness it was nothing serious.
I can't get much done either because I have 3 kids that always seem to need something or got somewhere. \ That's frustrating. How on earth do you ever get something done?
It's not easy. We are business owners as well. I think he needs to take some of the other house responsabilities don't you think? \ It would make sense. If you two are doing the same work job, it's only fair that you evenly divide the housework as well.
I think so too. He does most of all the cooking because I hate it and I'm not good at it. \ What type of work do you do?
You ever have one of those moments where it's supposed to be very challenging, but then it seems like you've been ready for it for years? \ Yes, it's like that all the time for me. 
I felt like that when I took my boards to become a PA. I blew through that test in record time. \ That is great. I stress myself out over things and I think by doing that it makes things worse.
It does! The biggest hurdle in difficult tasks is always yourself, I think. \ That is very true. Congratulations on passing your test.
I stole money from my mother's purse.  \ Oh, goodness. Why did you do such a thing?
I needed to pay my cable bill.  I am so ashamed I did that. \ Maybe next time ask her. I hope you pay her back when you can.
Work was not a good experience today. \ Oh no, what happened?
I had to explain how a bunch of things work in front of a lot of people. I'm not a fan of talking in front of a crowd. \ I hate public speaking too!
The government is increasing taxes again. They keep increasing taxes without explain why. Most of our taxes are stolen by them. \ Excatly! I would love to know what they spend it all on
It is making me very angry. I am sure that most of them have found a way to not pay taxes. \ Yup, they cheat the system and then get a huge refund back
My mother got very sick and there was no one else to take care of her. \ That is terrible. Are you going to take of her?
Yeah, I'm going to have to. I live 1400 miles away though so I'll have to fly up every weekend. \ Why not asking her to move to your home?
I was at the store the other day with my husband.  A friend called my name and we went over to see them. \ What were you guys looking to buy?
We were just getting groceries, but I introduced the friend to my husband and used the wrong name!!! \ I've done that more than once, I'm terrible at names
I was born in the Philippines and living in America makes me value my heritage even more. \ That is interesting, what things do you do while living in America to keep your heritage alive?
I read a lot of books and try to find other Filipinos to hang out with which is pretty hard \ I would imagine that might be difficult, perhaps there are some online social groups you could join as well?
I sat on the worlds scariest rollercoaster. They werent kidding.  \ Wow, that sounds intense. What were some of the features it had?
It went upside down and 100m metres high. I was beyond afraid and wanted it to end soon. \ That does sound scary! I hope you at least enjoyed it a little! 
I signed up to go on a cruise! This will be my first in so many years! I am looking forward to it! \ Yes cruises are awesome. I am sure you will enjoy it.
It is a writing cruise so I will be with other writers.  \ Nice, hopefully you many good writers and keep in touch with them!
When i moved to dallas I felt I would have the time of my life after living in a small town, but after a couple of weeks i got homesick. \ Dallas is a really fast city.
yeah it is. I dont know anybody and my classmates all have jobs. so I get to be at home by myself alot \ I'm sorry, things will get better.
I have to make a wedding cake later. \ you must be excited! 
Yeah, I am so ready to bake it! \ Nice. Im sure you will have lots of fun doing it.
I was going through pictures the other day and came across some pics of my last hiking/camping trip. \ Do you still talk to the people you went with.
Oh yeah, it made me want to go back really bad, I'll probably see if they want to do another one! \ Where did you guys hike? Did you stay over night
Have you ever prepare for something for a long period of time. And it still not turn out how you wanted it to. \ Yeah I guess that happens every once in a while.  Something you went through recently?
A track meet I had been training for, for bascially my entire life. \ Oh that's too bad.  I'm assuming you didn't win?
Did you enjoy high school? \ Not particularly. I wasn't my best self at that time. I suppose who really is, though.
I loved it. I went to my moms and saw old pictures. I love my life now but just to not have the responbilities. \ At least you had a good experience. I definitely feel you on the responsibilities part!
I'm really excited about this weekend! \ What are your plans?
A friend of mine has been out of the country for a year and he has finally come back. We're going to catch up. \ Thats aweosme! Is he going to be staying with you?
I love to go to craft fairs. The best one of the year was coming up. I couldn't wait to go.  \ You must be really excited for it.
I always get such unique things there. And the prices are great! \ I agree, there are great ways to buy unique things 
I let my coworker handle my project when I was on sick leave. \ That was nice of them to chip in. It must have felt good that you had someone to help. 
I agree, I felt really trusting of him and he did really well.  \ That's wonderful. It makes all the difference to have people you can trust, especially when you are not feeling well. 
I got invited on a last minute fishing trip today. \ That is nice. Do you like fishing?
Yes I'm a big fan. How about you? \ I am not a big fan but I go fishing once or twice a year.
Lately, I was having financial issues. The company that I am working for me is going to pay us bonuses. \ That's great. How big is the bonus going to be?
It is about 5 000 dollars. It will help me greatly with my financial problems. \ That would help me out quite a bit too!
I am drug addict. I didn't pay my drug dealer. He came last week to ask for his money. \ oh no! Is everything ok? I hope he didnt scare you
He scared me. He said that he willl break my leg if I don't pay him back. \ Im sure your very worried. Please get help and call the police. I know it can be nervewrecking.
So my sister drove my car to run an errand and got a ticket! She doesnt have her license \ That is terrible. What happened then?
Well not much. Its just I feel bad because I told her I would take her but got so busy. Maybe im the one that should have got the ticket. not her \ I understand. My mistaske always happened.
I was really mad when I walked out my door the other day to go to work and my neighbors big dog jumped up on me and knocked me over. \ Did you get hurt?
Yes, I hurt my back and couldn't even go to work. Shouldn't the dog be on a leash. Ugh! \ I hope you get better soon!
I am going to eat some BBQ later. \ That sounds so good and the perfect way to spend a Sunday.
Yes it is!  I am so happy for it! \ Are you going to a restaurant or making it yourself?
Have you ever had a pet? \ Yes, I loved him. Have you?
I did, I had him for 15 years, but I just had to put him down. It was the worst day of my life \ It must have been very devastating. But remember him for all the good times.
I have regularly attending driving school and I am getting better every day. \ DId you get tickets? Or getting ready for your licease?
Getting ready for my license. I think I am confident enough now in my abilities to pass the test. \ That's awesome! Good luck I'm sure you will do great.
Financial troubles are sometimes the worst! Ugh. \ Those are so stressful. Just take it step by step and you can get on track. 
You really have to. Luckily, my family was able to help me out and get me back on my feet. It's definitely nice to have people who are willing to help. \ That makes all the difference. I am glad you were able to get out of that position. 
I visited the apartment my grandparents used to live in. It brought back a lot of old memories.  \ Hopefully it brought back good ones. Were you close to them?
Yes, we saw them every week. They were very kind and I miss them.  \ It's good you have those great memories, though!
I'm not the best cook but I'm gonna try to make a pizza today. I think its gonna be great. \ Just be careful not to burn it.
I'm gonna keep it simple. Just cheese and pepperoni. \ No sauce at all? Surely you didn't mean that too?
I was lonely a lot in years past. \ Oh no. Sorry to hear that. IS it different now?
Yes, it is. I've got a family of my own now, but it's hard getting used to. \ Be patient and things will fall into place. You'll be fine.
My birthday was last weekend, and no one wished me a Happy Birthday. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. How sad for you.
It is. I've been absorbed in work for the last 3 years and haven't gone out. So I guess everyone kinda moved on without me. \ Did he ditch you as well? And how did the girlfriend react?
For my 30th birthday, my family and friends got together and threw me a surprise birthday party. \ Very nice! Where was the party?
It was held at my parent's house in New Orleans. \ That's really sweet of them. Must've been a big party.
Have you ever had a really sick pet? \ No, do you have one really sick pet?
Yeah, my dog just broke her leg. \ Did you toke her to a vet?
I borrowed money from a friend. He came last week to ask for his money. He was threating to break my leg if I don't pay him back. \ Are you serious? Why wouldn't you pay him back.
I lost my job recently. He came with two guys and a baseball bat. \ Oh wow, I would have called the police.
I left my friend at the bar yesterday. \ Did he do something bad?
He was really drunk.  I feel so ashamed for doing that. \ It's a tough situation. Did you call him after?
My sister let us know she was going to have a baby! Her other kids are a lot older so we weren't expecting it.  \ That must have been quite the surprise. 
We were shocked to be honest. Then she ended up having two more, one right after the next!  \ That is so crazy!
I forgot to put my trash out last week. (I was in a rush leaving for work) my garage stinks now :( \ That sounds like a smelly situation.
I walked into the garage this morning... its a horror show. \ I hope you get that cleaned up.
I saw a man eat a three foot sub. \ Was he a competition eater?
No, just for fun. I was very inspired! \ That's pretty impressive.  I don't think I could manage that.,
so my brother will be the first out of 4 kids of my parents to have a baby and today is going to be the gender revealing party.  \ You must be really excited for it! Do you think its going to be girl or boy?
we all want a boy so we are all cant wait to find out what it is. everyone is so impatient about it, but today is the day. \ Well, it will great either way as long as the baby is healthy! 
My dad got my brother a watch but not me! \ Oh man! you must be sad. have you been bad lately?
Yea I am sad and jealous of my brother. I didnt even do anything bad!  \ I can see how your frustrated. Maybe you can talk to your dad about it. 
Its always exciting to come to the end of a programme succesfully \ A workout program?
Are u working out on yourself? \ I'm a division 1 strength coach.
I can honeslty say for the first time in my life, I'm 100% comfortable with who I am. \ Its good to feel good about yourself
Oh yeah, I've never felt like it before \ Its a very confident attitude
Are you married? Have you ever had the chance to feel that type of love. \ No unfortunately. Have you?
oh wow, I hope someday you get to. \ I agree, but I also enjoy my independence. 
I have been training for years for the football match! \ Football, soccer or American football
Like American football. i feel really prepared that my team will beat the rivals. \ Do you play on a professional team?
I'm looking forward to how chill this weekend will be. \ Do you plan do something this weekend?
Quite the opposite, really. I just paid all my bills and have not really any plans. Sometimes it's nice to just not have that stress and relax. \ Yes. It is sometime nice to just rest at home.
My car stop working last week. I took it to the mechanic. It need a lot of money to fix it. \ Oh no! Hopefully you're able to get it all fixed up so you can use it again.
I will not be able to fix it. I need to go to work. It is making me feel bad. \ That's quite a bummer!
So this year will be the first time I been to a haunted house. Im get scared easilty so Im kinda worried. I promised my friend I would go with her.  \ That sounds like fun Do you know who haunts it?
I dont know, but I feel I should not go, but again I promised my friend I would go. I dont know wha to do now.  \ Well, if you promised I would try to go. I'm sure it'll be fine. 
We were going on a vacation for a week. I have five kids so I put out every single day of clothing in its own bag. I was very organized.  \ You must be excited. packing can be hectic. thank god you are organized. 
It is stressful because I am always worried about forgetting something. But it makes it easier when you are there.  \ I agree. You should double check everything to make sure its there. It will help with the worry and anxiousness about it. 
I've spent my entire life dedicated to this one thing \ And what was this thing?
the 2020 Olympic Trials . ( I'm a javelin thrower) \ I see, you must be very prepared and talented to compete in such a thing.
I finally finished my PhD thesis. I have worked for 3 years on it! \ Oh wow! Congrats, I know the process my husband did one. What is your on?
Its on Economics. I am so proud of myself that my hard is going to pay off. \ Yes! What univerisyt it it form
My grandfathers prized Cadillac car caught fire the other day. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Is it a total loss?
Yes it is. I am absolutely devastated that is gone forever.  \ Are you going to replace it with a similar year/model?
my friend delayed our lunch plans again. \ Oh my, why can't they just set a time and commit to it?
Tell me about it.  Some people just drive me crazy. \ I agree, you should talk to your friend to be more committed to the plans.
I accidentally left my dog outside in the heat too long a week ago, I felt terrible. \ OH no. Were they okay?
Yes he recovered after a few hours, we sat next to the fan and used cold towels. \ Be careful. It could have been worse.
I have three kids and they are all into different things. \ Well that must be exciting to have so much variety, how old are they?
3 4 13.. I'm gonna make sure they all follow their dreams. \ You sound like a great parent, they're lucky to have you!
 have lost my job recently, My friend is helping me and providing me support. \ Well that sucks but at least it seems like you have a decent support system?
I was not expecting that from him since he was not one of my closest friend. I am thankful to him. \ Yeah make sure he knows that!
I planned a party for my sister, and was excited about doing it for her. \ Did everything went as planned?
