I am happy with my life now, I have a good girlfriend and friend group \ That is great! I bet you are feeling very good.
I am, it is nice to feel like this for a change \ It takes a while to feel that great. I am almost there.
I am nervous for my college test \ Did you study for it at least?
I did but it is a law school exam. You just never know. \ That is true, well best of luck to you friend!
Yesterday while walking on the street there was a man in the corner asking for money. \ I always give. You never know if it's Jesus in disguise to test your heart
Yes, I didn't give him any money because I was in a hurry and afterward I felt bad about it. \ is he still there maybe? hope so. Remember the movie Groundhog Day. It was the homeless guys last day
hiding for almost 2 years but I'm still not over my paranoia that one day I will have to pay for what I did. Don't ask what it was \ You must feel awful,  Why don't you come clean, maybe you will feel better.
no way. I just pray she can forgive me. I could never admit to this sin. Jesus save me \ Yes Jesus can save you if you ask him.  He always forgive.
I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that \ sorry to hear that
It is okay, it was a few years ago, but it still stings a bit \ yea i can understand that
i am hoping to win the lottery! \ Gotta play to win, that is what my grandma always said
yea thats true \ Best of luck with it, if you hit it big slide a few million my way haha
I am happy with my life now, I have a good girlfriend and friend group \ That's nice. You guys hang out a lot?
Yeah pretty often, pretty much every other day \ Keep it up. You guys can be in each others' weddings lol
I bought a movie on demand last night and my kids watched like 5 minutes and left \ What movie was it?
ilse of Dogs. I am going to make them watch it tonight. I don't waste money lol \ Oh, that looked decent, hope you like it!
I was walking around my office and someone spilled coffee on me \ That is bad. What did you do after that?
I went to the bathroom to clean up, it was a new shirt as well \ Did he say sorry?
My roommate was stealing money from my closet in my room. \ What did you do to him after?
I asked him to pay back the money that he stole or I go to the police to show them the video. \ What'd he say to that?
I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares \ Same here. I can't do it
I get that, the noises are just so loud your body cannot react to it well \ I don;t even try, I can barely watch suspense movies
I don't think my new neighbors are nice people \ Why is that?
They were really lous and cursing all night and their toddlers were playing inthe street. Im kind of scared of them \ Their toddlers were in the street? I feel like that is almost CPS level issues
i didnt expect to get the day off today \ Did you enjoy it?
yes! \ What did you do? Sometimes I just sleep and that is enough for me
I got a statistics tutor over the summer \ how did it work out for you?
I think I cought on pretty well. I going to do well this semester. \ good luck i hope all goes well
Super sad today. It's the weekend pretty much and I have a hard time with loneliness on the weekends especially. \ I am sorry. Maybe not focus as friday-sunday as the weekend, but as any other day. And do things you would normally do on other days.
That is hard as there is not the typical work which keeps me busy on the weekdays. \ That is a tough one. What do you normally do other then work on those days?
Look for work, work on business and try not to let it get to me. \ Is there anything else you do besides work? A hobby you enjoy, video games, music, working out?
I workout daily. I try to keep busy but the loneliness eats at me right now. I just had to kick my partner out to go get help..I miss him..but I don't miss the bad parts..but it's still hard to be alone and do everything alone, you know? I am not at a music place yet. I am healing as well. Healing is NOT easy \ Healing is never easy. It always has the negatives. Any sort of healing always starts with pain, a open wound, and itchy scabs, and the left over scar. I wish I could talk to you daily and help you get through it. I know its hard to go and do things alone. I recently discovered a text number that allows you to talk to someone when you are feeling down. it is 741741. I have used it just recently myself. It does work and is better then nothing. 
One time I went out to eat with my friend. And there was a customer who was just very rude and vulgar. My friend and i gave each other "the look" and realized we were having the same thoughts. I was surprised.  \ (Thank you for your words! I have a mom to talk too, so it helps but loads of trauma, abuse and death are hard to even talk about. Thank you! I hope you feel better too!) I have had to talk to customers who were nasty to clerks before! It's shocking.
(im glad to hear you have someone. But having someone who cant be biased always helps too) It really is. Some people can get so nasty and vicious over the smallest things! Im so glad i got out of the food industry.  \ I know right? Oh lord- the food industry is the worst, especially for waitresses.
Waiting for pizza to come. I ordered extra of everything. \ Ohhhh yum!  What are your favorite toppings?
Olives! And all the vegetables. \ That's what I get too!  I also get vegan cheese...its delish!  Hope you have a great time chowing down tonight!
We were going to the lake for a weekend getaway since we haven't had some downtime in forever and then we got sick instead. \ Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Did you reschedule?
We don't have another weekend to do it so unfortunately, no.  I think we will just wait for chilly weather and try to do something else. \ I hope you guys will still get to spend quality time together and of course, get some rest in.
I was heartbroken when my grandma passed away, I was not equipped to handle that \ how did you manage
Not well, but it was years ago now, so you learn to adapt \ yea
i was scared when i walked home last night \ Why is that?
dark wooded area \ Oh, why did you go that way?
A couple of weeks ago I woke up to the LOUDEST banging on my apartment door. It was like 3AM in the morning. \ Wow that sounds scary and horrible. What was it?
Well, I thought about opening it but I didn't. I don't know exactly what happened, but the police came and I heard them telling the man to go home, so maybe he was on something. \ Oh I see. I'm glad the police came and took care of it. Sounds like a scary experience.
My new semester is starting up next week and I am crossing my fingers it will be a good one. \ If you go into it with a good attitude, I'm sure at the very least it won't be bad. What kind of classes will you be taking?
I'll be taking a lot of marketing and budgeting classes this time, so I am trying to get my brain ready for math lol. \ Ooof! Best of luck to you, I'm sure you'll be fine. Math was never my strong suit.
I am hoping the Eagles can win it all again this season! \ Why do you like the eagles?
They are the hometown team, been a big fan since I was 8 \ I understand. I hope that they will win again,
I had a argument with my manager. I think that I will be let go soon, \ What did you argue about?
We couldn't agree on how to conduct the project. It is not the first time. I need to start looking for another job before it is too late. \ That is smart, sorry that is happening to you!
Sweet words u know can calm nerves \ Sweet words like what?
Like sweet names,pampering \ oh. Meditating works. Unless you fall asleep and have a nightmare.
Do you have kids? Mines are 3 4 and 13. I look at their baby photos a lot. \ Thats lovely,i pray i will have one
They are great. Except for my 13 year old. I look at her photos the most. She used to be a sweetheart. \ Thats so good and fun,children are the best
 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares \ What movies do you like to watch instead? 
I like action movies and comedies mostly \ Any favorite actors? 
When I came home, a TV show I had set to record was all ready to go \ What show was it?
Black Mirror \ is that the one with Bryce Dallas Howard?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                My kids were so lazy this summer \ Hahahaha, that is the way sumer is supposed to be for kids.  Did they at least do the things you asked them to do?
no. They just wwanted to sleep all day. Even when we took trips.  \ Ohh no, its worse than I thought.  It's one thing to relax, but that's different.  What are you doing to whip them back into shape?
I had my wallet stolen today. \ That's terrible. Where?
Downtown, but the worst part is it was the only thing I got from my grandfather before he passed last year.  I am really upset. \ Oh no! that's really terrible.
 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares \ They arent that bad
I cannot stand them, they are no fun \ Watch in the day time with the lights on and the tv volume low. That's how I got into them
Two more days and the kids are outta here! \ Are you happy or sad about that?
Mostly happy. They have annoyed me greatly all summer \ Oh, well congrats then haha
I am so ready for the upcoming school year \ what part
I finnaly picked a major and I got some really good classes \ thats cool
i was ready to eat at that buffet we went to last night \ I love seafood buffets
i love eating everything i sea too \ lol. thats an oldie but goodie
My job got me the best present the other day when they celebrated my birthday. \ Nice! 
It was a flat image of Darth Vader, where he was drawn with lights that change color.  \ That is so cool and thoughtful!
I keep remembering my old college days \ Oh? What about them?
Just how fun and carefree they were. \ That's true. Any memory in particular?
The other day I was at a restaurant and when I got my food it had a hair in it! I was so looking forward to eating it and WHAM! A big 'ol hair!!! \ yuk.. did you pull it out and continue to eat?
NO! I sent it back and ordered something else!  \ smart move
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ Why? What happened>
my dog ran away! \ Aww that sucks. Did you find him?
I just got a bonus at work that I wasn't expecting! \ How big was it?
It was $180!  I got it for making the most sales of the quarter for my company! \ Well great job, get something nice with it, you deserve it!
 I hate scary movies, they scare me so much, especially jumpscares \ Oh yeah, I can't take scary movies of any kind.  I used to watch some of them when I was in my 20's.  What kind of movies do you like?
I like action and comedies mostly, some dramas \ Yeah, they are way better than scary ones. Seems like there are horror movies coming out every other day now a days.
One of my favorite things to do is cook, and I recently moved into a new apartment by myself. I'm gonna say cooking for yourself isn't really as fun as cooking for a group. \ Not at all. It is kind of boring being left to clean everything alone.
It is! It's sort of like how if someone packs you a little note with your lunch, it's really nice, but obviously if you made your own note you'd just feel silly. \ And you might get called a weirdo. Haha
My friend got us concert tickets to a sold out show. He told me he couldn't get them. I cant believe he kept that a secret until now. \ Oh man, that's awesome! What concert were the tickets for?
It is to see Phoenix, my favorite band. I was shocked that he had the tickets. I cant wait to go now. \ Well, I hope you have fun! I'm almost completely deaf, so I don't know that much about music.
I am going to the doctor monday. I hope everything is okay \ what do you think is wrong?
I have just been feeling really tired lately. Low energy and the vitamins arent helping \ ah i am sorry for that! hoping for the best!
a guy pulled out in front of me, almost caused a dang wreck \ I hate that
shoot me too, then he decides to drive so slow \ What is the purpose of that!
I went to a restaurant yesterday for dinner and it was pretty good. \ That is nice. Did you know the restaurant before going there?
I did, it is one of my favorites.  The great part was that I ended up getting the meal for free because of their rewards program.  I didn't even know I had any points. \ That is super cool.
I am moving to new appartment. The new neighborhood is so nice. I am so happy that I found this appartment.  \ That is great, congratulations on the new place.  Is it somewhere you have wanted to move for a while now? 
Yes, I wanted a swimming pool and a gym in the building. \ That is so nice.  When do you move?
When I was a kid, I went to this group with other kids my age, it was in a big gym. There were kids of different ages, and one of the kids (8 years old or so) was picking on the littler kids. So, when he had his back turned, I looped him with a hoola hoop and tripped him so he fell flat on his face. \ He deserved that, I think.
Yeah, I was pretty amazed in the moment, he was flat as a board in mid air before he landed flat on his face. I had to watch for a moment in awe, before I realized he was getting up and I was about to get smacked. So, I ran towards where the parents were seated, stopped when I turned the corner, and walked calmly over to my mom, taking a seat on her lap. I looked innocent as could be as the mean kid came around the corner, and I forced myself to sit still so that when he smacked me in the face with the hoola hoop, I looked like a helpless victim. \ Wow, interesting.
I got a tip at work yeserday. \ Yeah? How big was the tip?
A dollar, but it was nice cause I'm not supposed to accept them unless they say its a gift. \ That's cool. I never understood why places won't allow their workers to take tips... what business is it of the employer if you get money? Anyways, what kind of place do you work?
i was sad when  i didnt get the day off \ I'm sorry to hear that. Why was that?
cause we had too much work \ Well that really stinks.
I have a routine that gets me really excited and ready for work in the morning. I'm always so productive at work because of it! \ thats awesome that it works for you
Yeah having a good routine is a good way to put you in the right mood to work.  \ yea i can see that
Yesterday I wore a bathing suit and felt more confident then I have in a long time. \ That's really good! Did you lose weight, or have you just not felt comfortable with yourself before?
I have recently started working out and have lost a few inches and things are firmer. \ That's awesome! The best part of that is looking good is only just a side affect of being healthier in general, which is great to be.
My best friend is supposed to come over next week, but due to weather she may not come until later. I really miss her so I hope she visits soon. \ Oh that stinks. Does she live far away?
She lives in Alaska and I live in Indiana, so it's a bit far! And I don't have many real friends so I've been feeling a bit lonely. \ I completely understand that. I'm so busy I hardly socialize at all.
My son is going to college in a couple of days and I'm sure the house will be a lot quieter without him.. I think the empty nest feeling is inevitable \ That is sad. Do you have other children?
No, just one. Always wanted to have more but it just wasn't meant to be \ I understand. Anyway, he will keep visiting.
I rented a house on the beach this summer. It was so dirty that I couldn't stay. There were cockroachs everywhere. \ Oh wow! Did you get your money back?
No, I was not able to. I need to sue the landlord. \ Oh good luck with that! Next time use airbnb or vrbo
My 14 year old daughter applied for an internship all m herself for over the summer \ Wow, that is impressive, I could not do that at that age
She got it too. She was able to work at the schools summer camp and get a free week of camp herself! \ Wow, she has a bright future ahead of her if that is the case
I am envious of my coworker, he is very smart and athletic \ Why its okay to be differnt
I guess so, but they are still kind of a better version of me \ If he is rich then I am jealous of him too
i was scared to walk home alone yesterday \ That sounds upseting. Why were you scared?
cause there were werewolves out there \ Oh man well wear silver. That can supposedly burn them and scare them away. 
I was in an antique store and found a really old coin for cheap. It was real and its very valuable. I'm so happy! \ thats awesome!
Yeah I don't think I will sell it though. It's got a good backstory.  \ yea that sounds like a plan
I really hate when my kids take my things without asking \ I feel you!  My two kids know all the rules and yet, they just go out the window when they want to take something or use something that isn't theirs.  I always joke that you can't have nice things with kids.
It's true tho. They will one day understand when the spend their own money on things and someone just comes along and breaks it or leaves at the mall. \ Seriously!
Tomorrow is my 14th year anniversary married to my wonderful husband. I can't believe it was that long ago. What a wonderful day. \ Congratulations! Are you having a party?
No, not this year.  We are going to dinner outside in a vineyard that is local to us.  I'm really looking forward to it. \ That's sounds nice and romantic
I am hoping the Eagles can win it all again this season! \ That game was fun to watch last year. Do you live in Philadelphia?
I do not, but I live right outside of it, so I get the culture \ I love it there. I don't normally like football, but it's always good when the Patriots lose.
I'm spending my first summer in Massachusetts. It's a lot hotter than I expected it to be. \ Is it really? How hot is it there?
The hottest it got was 99 degrees. It has been in the mid 80s mostly, but I was expecting cooler weather in New England. \ That is hot, but it is a bit hotter where I live here
I was shocked when my parents got me a car for graduation \ No one has ever given me a car. That must be nice
It was, it runs and that is all I could ask for \ That very nice of them
I can't beleive my kids ruined my house so quickly. \ What did they do to it?
I ordered a pizza and they left their plates and drinks everywhere and throw all of the pillows off of the couches. I don't know why \ Kids are like that sometimes, sorry about that
I cant believe I hit reply all instead of reply when sending an email. \ Oh no, this is a classic office disaster story. How bad was it?
I was complaining to my boss about another employee and I accidentally sent it to the whole company.  I cant believe I did that.  Im glad its the weekend.  I dont want to go back there \ Ah heck, I hate that for you. Hopefully it isn't as bad for you as it seems, but just know that that mistake has happened to several people that I know of, so you're not alone.
I interned for a Physical Education class for third graders. I haven't been a third grader for a long time, so I was surprised how intelligent they are! They go through a lot of stuff, too. \ That sounds awesome.  I barely remember 3rd grade.  I think we just played games and had fun.
See, that's how I remember it to! One of the kids I spent time with that semester opened up about his dad's drinking problem and he was holding it together pretty well. I didn't realize that kids went through that kind of stuff, I mean I know they do but you get what I mean. \ Wow thats so deep.  I cant imagine having to deal with that at that age.  They mustve been what like 8?  thats a lot to put on a kid
I was talking with my brother and he lied to me. I'm so gullible though it takes me awhile to realize it.  \ What did he say?
He told me that he got a big bonus from work. I found out from my mom though that he lost his job instead.  \ Why would he even do that?
MY friend is getting married soon. \ That's great! I hope their marriage goes well.
I hope I get married first \ Well that may be difficult if you aren't married first.
A man has to be hardworking in order not to be angry \ Cox a poor man is automatically an Angry man
Exactly,thats why its good to work \ For sure...  I love working for my money
I was really hungry and ready to eat  \ What do u want to eat?
Noodles I guess \ Ok,have u prepared it?
I just started a business. \ Cool! What kind of business?
It is an online retail business.  I have been studying about it for years and finally pulled the trigger.  I know it will end up being a great business. \ Wow that's pretty ballsy nice job!
My wife just quit her job to start her own private practice. \ That is awesome.  Is she a doctor?
No she's a Therapist, but she is pursuing her Doctorate. \ How much longer does she have in school?
Really looking forward to tomorrow night! \ Really? What you got going on?
Going to an MMA show.  Taking my nephew too! \ That will be so much mush. He is going to have a great time.
My girlfriend just broke up with me. My coworkers had donuts sitting on my desk this morning to cheer me up. I never thought they would do something like that. \ Aww that was nice of them!!
Yea and they must have got to work early because I am usually there before them.  \ lol.  Maybe they all came into work early just to surprise you!
I love my neices and nephews so much \ That is great, do you get to see them much?
All the time. I treat them the same as my own kids. They are the best \ That is really good that you get to see them all the time.  Do you have kids, too?
My birthday is next month and my wife has a surprise planned. \ That doesnt sounds like a surprise
I don't know what it is and I am really looking forward to it. \ Oh you just know that there's something going on. That's pretty cool
I am seeing a lot of litter on the ground these days around my school... really chaps me. \ Yeah that is pretty upsetting. I don't get what is so hard about throwing away your trash. 
I know, right? People are just so lazy or don't care I guess. \ Maybe the kids will see all of the trash and see that it is bad and grow up to not  litter?
I was watching TV and stopped on the Discover channel. There was this really gross show on bugs, but I couldn't help but watch.  \ Oh yeah those shows can fascinating!
Yeah, I don't really know. It was really really gross.  \ It's true, but I also can't help but watch. It's exciting to learn in any case.
I went into my garage the other day and there was a new car in there. \ Who's car was it?
It was mine!  My wife had bought it for me for my birthday, but she wanted me to be shocked by it so she gave it to me a month early. \ What kind of car did she get you?
I enjoyed the Broadway show Hamilton. I didn't think I would. \ That is amazing that you got tickets.  What was your favorite part?
The ending was really good. \ That is awesome.  How far in advance did you have to buy the tickets?
My nephew starts 10th grade this year! \ That's exciting!  I hope he's doing well in school!
Yeah i'm sure he will.  He's a good kid.  He's playing football too! \ Nice i love football.
My buddy just came to work showing off his big new tundra. \ Oh cool!  Is he going to let you drive it?  lol
Ha no, but I'm still super happy with my little old Tacoma! \ Maybe you can swap Toyotas for a day :D
I am always amazed when people poses talent \ Yeah me too. Some people have some amazing talents. 
I was out to dinner the other night a I saw a magician do some amazing card tricks.  I couldnt figure them out and I was blown away \ Yeah magic is pretty great!
I'm a big fan of superhero movies. I can't wait for the next Marvel Universe movie to come out!  \ Those movies are amazing.  I loved the last one with Thanos.  He was a cool character.
He really is! I love a good villian! \ I actually started to understand where he was coming from...in a sick kind of way.
I had to leave my parents behind in the country I grew up in. I haven't seen them in 12 years and I cry a lot thinking about them \ That's sad. What country is that?
Bulgaria. It's so far away! \ Wow that is far. When did you come here?
it's been almost 20 years and I've only been back to Bulgaria once! \ What is it like over there?
People are nice and caring, nature is beautiful and life kinda slows down, it's not as crazy hectic  as here \ Yeah I can imagine it would be simpler there.
I'm a little sad my youngest son is starting Kindergarten in a few days. \ Awww I completely understand. I remember that feeling. And mine is now a senior. Time flies! Cherish every moment with him!
I know it does! My oldest son is starting Junior High..wow \ I only have one. And next year he'll be going off to college. I wish I didn't have to work so much so I could have spent more time with him when he wanted to
Yeah I'm grateful that I get to work from home and be with my kids. \ Yea that would have been great if I could have done it. I'm happy that you do!
The summer has been rough though. They fight a lot \ It's still better that an empty house!
I saw a man on the street and he looked so sad. He had no one and I kept on walking by to leave him alone. \ That sounds so sad.  I hope he was ok
I don't really know. He just seemed so discheviled and alone. \ You have to be careful though.  Sometimes people can be really dangerous when they have nothing to lose
Sometimes things really arent fair.  I wanted to steal from my cousin \ Why did you want to do that?
My grandma gave my cousin and I a scratch off lottery ticket.  He won $100 and I didnt win anything.  I was really upset \ That makes a lot of sense. Sometime that's just how it goes though. 
My aunt came to visit today, we went out for mexican food! \ That sounds nice.  Did you have a good time?
Yes, kind of upset she was only able to stay in town for a few hours, she is on a road trip! \ That is a shame.  At least she made a stopover!
I just broke my finger, and I have a golf tournament coming up. \ Oh wow, are you okay?!
I think it will be fine.  This is a big tournament for me, so I am keeping my fingers crossed (as much as possible) that it will heal in time for me to play. \ I hope so, and I hope you do good in the tournament :) Just rest that finger and let it heal.
When I was a child and it was time for back to school, I felt cared for when my parents took my to the store to buy clothes for school  \ Yes we should be grateful to our parents for how they took care of us
Yes, I think that it it something that a lot of people overlook these days \ Yes, I think it is easier to remeber when you become a parent yourself.
My son comes back tomorrow! \ Wow that is so exciting !
Yes, he was in summer camp for a month, I can't wait to see him! \ How sweet! 
Tomorrow, I will be evicted from my appartment. I don't know what to do. \ Oh no :(  I hope there's someone you can stay with
In time of need, my friends started running away from you. \ From me?  But why lol?
from me \ Oh.  That sucks I'm sorry :(
I checked my mail yesterday \ Whar happened?
I got a check in the mail from my insurance company.  Didn't expect that! \ That is very nice. What are going to do with money?
I have a big exam for college coming up, I have been studying day and night. \ What's the exam on?
It is for my molecular biology class, I feel pretty good that I am going to Ace it.  \ I wish you good luck!
The other day I was at the store and this guy was carrying like 40 bags all by himself! It was really amazing! \ He must be a super hero, I would have offered to help him haha. 
He was just walking out, looking like the Hulk \ I wish I could have seen that sight, ask him for his workout schedule.
My dog Ronnie just died. He was hit by a car and it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.  \ Im so sorry. Thats horrible. I cant imagine how you must feel
Yeah it was really rough. I miss him a lot. \ I know you cant ever replace him, but Would you consider getting a new dog?
Did you ever do something in your childhood that you arent proud of? \ Yeah I stole money of my mom's dresser once. 
Oh how much? I cheated on a test and got caught.  My teacher wrote "cheater" on it and my mom saved it and I saw that test often \ Wow that's really rough. It was only $5 but she was still really upset about it. 
I saw a guy scratching his behind on the train this morning. \ That is weird. Did you say anything?
I was too grossed out to talk to him, besides, I thought it was none of my business? \ Well that is pretty gross.
I was all alone when my family left for the weekend. \ Did you feel lonely, or were you happy to have some time to yourelf?
A bit sad. More bored than anything. \ That is tough when you're not used to being alone.  What did you end up doing?
I went and saw a hockey game today, It was really exciting. \ That's really cool! Was it your first game ever?
No, I use to play growing up. I haven't been to a game since graduating highschool.  \ Well I think it really cool that you were able to get back into something that you used to do when you were younger!
I watched the scariest movie on TV last night. It gave me the creeps and I couldn't sleep I was so terrified! \ What movie? I can't watch scary movies anymore since having kids, they are too realistic now haha
It was Insidious. Don't watch it by yourself if you want to sleep. \ Thank you for the heads up! Maybe sleep with a night light on tonight :) Sweet dreams!
I was at work, and one of my friends had to go. I was so mad, because that meant I had to do all the work! \ Oh no!  Extra workload is terrible!  Did you make it through?
Yeah, I was super tired for a day though \ I bet.  Did you relax when you got home?
Yes! I took a nice bath \ That's a killer end to a stressful day!  
I'm not looking forward to tomorrow :/ \ Why? What happened?
We're taking the kiddos to six flags and they're gonna make me ride coasters lol \ Oh! I thought it was something bad, I hate roller coasters too!
Yeah I've never rode one before!  So scared :( \ Good luck!
My husband says he stopped drinking but I'm reluctant to believe him \ That's kind of sad.  What makes you reluctant?
He's said it before and nothing's changed. I don't want to get my hopes up. \ Well I'm sure the odds are against him, but I hope he succeeds this time.
My buddy at work just went and bought a really nice boat. \ Man, I wish I had the money to afford a boat, I don't know about you.
Lol I feel the same way.  I don't even like fishing but I would kill for that boat. \ Imagine days spent cruising around on the water!
I was on a run today, and saw a loose dog but couldn't catch it before it ran off! \ That's so interesting because I saw someone post the same thing on a neighborhood app just today.  Is that you? ha ha.
Maybe if you live in Central Texas...haha! But I was so worried about that small dog getting hit! \ Ha ha, guess you weren't the one.  That would've been crazy!  I hope its okay!  I'm sure someone will try to grab it.
I'm being induced on Monday because I'll be at 41 weeks pregnant by then. This is my first baby and I'm so scared! Labor seems impossible! \ You got this girl! I was induced when I had my daughter a year ago! I was scared too but honestly don't remember much.
Really?  That's good to hear.  I have been told so many different horror stories that its got me feeling nauseated and stressed! \ Just enjoy and rest on your last weekend before baby, It'll all be worth in when you are holding your little girl :) Don't listen to those scary stories, those are the 1 in a million chances it goes wrong!
I was at my favorite restaurant and the owner gave me a complimentary meal because I eat there so often! \ That's awesome! What kind of restaurant is it?
It's a mexican restaurant  \ Oh those are great and a lot of times they make everything fresh! What is your favorite meal there?
I took a third trip to the grocery store hoping to find good clearance items this week like I normally do. \ Did you find any?
Nope I didn't find anything! Super disappointed. It's not been a good week to get clearance stuff. \ Wow
I was at a restaurant and the waiter didn't serve us at all! She was so lazy! I was so dissapointed. \ That's super frustrating! Did you walk out?
Yes! We got some free drinks basically! \ That's the bit I kind of don't like about restaurants. I get why they don't let you get your own beverages but at the same time it seems unnecessary to have to wait for someone to refill your glass.
Our dining room is just a few steps down from the kitchen, so I made me a bowl of ravioli and fell down the 3 steps somehow. I got ravioli all over me. \ Wow, are you ok?
I was fine, but my roommate heard the noise and came to check. Needless to say I was pretty embaressed when he found me lying in a pool of ravioli on the floor. \ Hahaha, that must've been pretty funny though. Im assuming he/she helped you up?
I have a test tomorrow. \ Good luck. Get enough sleep.
Thank you, I'll make sure to do that. \ Hope you ace it.
I was surprised when Roger Federer lost the 2018 Wimbledon quarters \ Is that Tennis? 
Thats correct. He lost to somebody he should have easily beat. \ Wow, that must've been a shock then.
I'm looking forward to meeting with some friends on the weekend \ Oh that's cool!  What do you all have planned?
Probably go hiking and visit some local towns \ Well that sounds like a fun little trip.
I couldn't find my phone all day, but when I finally did, I hadn't missed a single call or text. \ That's good, where was it?
It was in the couch, but really it just made me realize I need to hang out wih some friends. \ What would you do with friends? 
my wife is amazing, shes the only one i want \ Sounds like you lucked out, make sure she knows how special she is :)
i try everyday! \ Yes, don't let a night go by without saying I Love You.
I got some bad news today, my dad passed away. \ oh my goodness thats terrible, i am so sorry!
Thank you, I am a mess. It is still hasn't hit me that he passed away. \ i can imagine! my dad is my best friend i would be devasted
I wasn't happy today when someone ran in to the back of my moms car. \ That makes a lot of sense. I wouldn't be happy either! I hope that they have good insurance
Nope! They ran into her then drove off- an old guy! \ Wow! That's aweful. Is your mom ok?
Yes, they put a huge crushed in dent in the back corner. They didn't get his plates on the camera :( And it's like $500 to pay the deductible to get it fixed..Seriously- insurance companies suck!  \ Man that really does stink! Hopefully the police will find some way to catch the guy!
I have been practicing magic since I was a kid. I'm really good at it and I'm going to be the next David Copperfield.  \ What kind of tricks can you do?
well I can do a lot of card tricks, but I'm also good at slight of hand and bigger illusions as well.  \ Thats pretty cool! I am fascinated by that!
My buddy called me the other day and had me come over to help him lift something. \ Does he have a bad back or was it just an enormous thing?  Did you get to go over?
Well it turns out it was a crib, and his wife was pregnant!  I was shocked! \ Oh my goodness!  That's awesome!  Does that feel weird to know he's going to be a Dad?
I remember when my kids were young and once fall came, we'd go to a pumpkin patch festival for a weekend. Those were sweet days! \ Those have got to be some good memories for you!
They were practically perfect!  I guess we'll do it again one day when the kiddos are married with kids of their own.  I don't want to be that old yet though! ha ha. \ Yeah life really comes at you fast huh?
Can't wait until tomorrow! \ Whats happening tomorrow?
Taking my nephew to an MMA show!  It's going to be awesome! \ Oh wow that sounds like fun, your a great uncle!
Its so quiet in my house, my husband is out of town for work. \ Hey I like alone time!  Just gotta find some cool stuff to do!
True, I'm trying but keep hearing creepy noises. Guess I need to turn the TV up louder haha \ oh no!!  The ghosts are coming!! Yeah turn the TV up LOUD :D
I was at the grocery store the other day, and when I was walking through the isle and some kid brushed past me and almost knocked me over! I was so mad \ Kids can be so annoying sometimes.  I hate those shoes with wheels that they have.  so annoying
I don't think that they sell those anymore, they were kinda cool but annoying \ I just saw a girl wearing them at walgreens tonight.  I wanted to trip her lol
I went to the fair the other day.  It was really fun until my friends made me go on rides \ What rides did you go on?
They made me go on a rollercoaster.  I was so scary.  I dont think i am ever going to do that again.  Those rides seem so unsafe, like they are barely held together with screws \ I hate rollercoasters too!
I sat home all day by myself yesterday \ Sounds relaxing, being a mom I could use a day like that! 
lol.  I don't have any kids to keep me busy.  I just sat there playing video games and doing laundry! \ I hope it was a good day for you, atleast you did something productive and got some laundry done haha
I got some great news today! My husband got a better paying job offer! \ Holy cow that's awesome!!!  What are you going to do with all that extra moneys??
Not sure yet, but itll help us life more comforatbly! We move to his hometown in November when he gets out of Army! \ That's pretty cool!  Congrats!!
I was at my favorite restaurant and I found a hair in my food! This never happened before so I was obviously very angry. \ That's pretty gross. It happens though. Did they comp you?
Yes, they gave me a whole new plate and it was free!  \ Great! They should get a great review as we all have hair everywhere. It's bound to happen at  some point.
Tonight I feel wound up a bit. I am tired of being sick. I have tried so many things \ How long have you been sick?
Mostly the past year after a bad infection that doctors wouldn't help me with..SEVERAL doctors...I got HELLP syndrome...Preclampsia basically and also a UTI that lasted awhile..and I haven't been the same since..It went on for more than a few months.  I am hoping the herbs I am getting tomorrow will help with my digestive problems, blood flow, fibro et \ Wow, that's a lot. Is it clearing up?
My son hit a home run at little league tonight. \ Wow!  Impressive!  He must be beaming and you must be so proud!
I was very proud of him.  It was his first one ever and he didn't even know it went over the fence until he had run all the bases. \ I bet his face was priceless when he found out!  Those are the best times in life!  Take him out for vegan ice cream!
My 3 year old got into some oil that I had sitting down on the counter just for one minute. He dumped it all over the couch and living room floor. It took everything I had not to explode. \ I'm impressed you didn't explode!  My wife would've gone insane.  She hates that kind of stuff.  How long did it take to clean up?
I was too!  I held it in and just started crying.  It took forever to clean up and honestly, I can't even salvage the couch.  I have no money to get another one!  I just want to throw it out the door. \ What I've found is everything is salvageable if you really want/need to.  I recommend looking on YouTube to see how to remove the oil from the fabric.  Keep your head up, you'll be alright!
That is such a good idea!  I don't really venture on there but I'm desperate!  You really think there would be a video about taking oil off of couch cushions?!!  Thanks, you've given me hope! \ I know there will be something on there!  YouTube has taught me more about life than my parents.  In 20 minutes you will know how to clean your couch and take the engine out of your car.
I went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! I had some teriyaki chicken \ oh those places are fun.  Its like dinner and a show..  Was it expensive?
Very! I only go there when I have some kind of coupon. \ thats smart.  We went to one for my wifes birthday once and it cost a fortune!
I cant wait until next week.  I think I am going to start packing soon \ Are you moving?
even better. Going on vacation.  Im so excited.  I need a break from work so badly. \ I went on vacation about 4 months ago, it was really fun. I went to Orange Beach, AL
She was told that she will give birth through CS, but she delivered normal \ normal is the best way, it helps the mother bond with the child
Exactly, and it helps the woman heal fast. \ we are adamant to have our baby born normal. I have seen first hand the CS mothers and their closeness (lack of) with their kids
after she got her 1st job and new car, she started doing girls night out. Out until 3am one morning. I checked her chat history and sure enough she had kissed another guy >:( \ Wow, you must have felt jealous
jealous isn't the one I felt. I wanted to rip her apart lol \ Hahahaa, its not easy though, I would have done same
There is a fly in my house and I can't catch it! I really hate flies \ They are really bad especially if you have pets.
I don't have any pets, but I want a cat \ Yea. You have to be careful with flies, because they can lay eggs in your pet's food.
My dad brought me some guacamole he made. \ Was it good?
Yea, it's delicious. I can never get guacamole right myself. \ I have never tried it
For the first time, my son went to the doctor without crying. \ Wow, you must be proud! How old is he?
He is six years old. He used to make us go through hell to take him to the doctor. \ They grow up so fast! Glad he isn't scared anymore.
My daughter is in highschool but took a college course this summer and got an A! \ I am so amazed by her! 
i was happy when i got the day off \ You got a day off? Man I wish I could get a day off
yea a day off \ Was it fun?
About 6 years ago a really bad storm rolled through my city and a tornado almost hit us. I was really scared \ how did it turn out
Everything panned out, there was some flooding later \ thats cool that you made it through
My wife just told me today that my vasectomy failed, if you know what I mean. \ Oh boy!  Congratulations are in order then?!!  How many kids do you have then? 
We aren't quite to the excited phase yet, but thank you.  I'm sure when the shock wears off we will be over the moon about it.  We have 2 and one (or more) on the way. \ I totally get it.  If I found out that I was pregnant right now, I'd pass out and cry for a few minutes and then be happy.  ha ha.  I pray for your wife and her body! he he.
I worked all day and came home to the whole house a wreck. My husband had the whole month off and he didn't clean one bit of the house or make dinner.  \ I would be disappointed in him if I were you.  He sounds like a real low life.  Maybe you should kick that bum to the curb.
Ha ha, I would never go that far because he goes grocery shopping for me and is so great with the kids, but yeah, it was kind of a downer. Guess its true that men have to be told what to do...do you agree? \ I don't, if it were up to me we would all be artificially inseminated and men would be kept like livestock.
my son is so awesome! i am lucky to be his dad \ What did he do?
nothing in particular, hes just awesome to be around \ Cool!
I was at the grocery store and there was a HUGE sale on oreos! They were $1.5! \ sheesh thats a great deal! 
Yeah! Considering that they are $2.50 or $3 normally \ how many packs did you stock up with? lol
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ Why, What happened?! I hope your dog is okay.
he is still missing \ Oh man, I'm sorry. My two dogs are my babys, I can't imagine how you feel.
I ate way too many sweets today!  \ theres always tomorrow!
Thanks! Being on a diet is hard, espically with family in town! \ you can do it!
My wife is so nice sometimes  \ Is she?  That's pretty awesome!!  How'd you land her?
She got me tickets to a concert and didnt tell me about it until we were on the way there. it was so cool \ Sweet!!!  Did you have a good time?
we did, it was so much fun, but super loud \ Yeah I bet.  
My nephew starts the 10th grade this year \ 10th grade was a good year.  I met my favorite girlfriend that year.  Is he excited?
Yeah.   He's playing football too.  Little boy is growing up :) \ thats so cool.  what position is he playing?
I so excited for this weekend. I'm really optomistic that it's going to be a relaxing break from work! \ That's awesome. Will you be relaxing at home or elsewhere?
I'm going camping for the weekend. It's going to be great! \ I love camping. Hopefully, you won't meet too many mosquitos!
There's a new water park about to open near me. \ That's awesome! Are you going to go see it?
Definitely. I've been traveling for over 45 minutes to the nearest one. \ Wow that's a long way to go. It's really cool you have one opening up near you. 
After a long day I finally got my dog settled down and I dont have any work.  It feels nice to just sit for a little bit. \ thats nice to be able to relax
Have you had a good day?  Hopefully you dont have a busy weekend and can relax a little bit. \ everyday is a good day!
i was happy when  i saw i got the day off! \ Congrats! A day off is always nice.  Did you do anything fun with your extra time?
nah just sit at home and relax like you! \ Haha, relaxing days can be super helpful.  I hope you have a good rest of your weekend!
We just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. I'm so happy and love being able to relax. \ That sounds nice! Do you enjoy your new home?
Yes!  Its only a tad bigger than our last place but its set up so much better. The space is used so much better.  \ That makes a big difference. Getting your feng shui on the go!
My friend bet me $20 in a swimming race across a lake last weekend. I took the deal because I am positive I'm a stronger swimmer! \ $20 bucks?  I'd try to do it too.  How'd it go??
I won of course! The guy was no match for my swimming speed! \ Awesome!  He'll know not to challenge you next time!  $20 bucks richer!
This magazine just charged my credit card when I had cancel my subscription. \ Thats horrible, how could they get it wrong?
I don't now, but I hate when they do that, now I have to call or write and lose a ton of time solving it. \ They should pay you for the time you spend on sorting it out.
I get furious when I see politicians argue between themselves \ Yes, I know, they lose so much time instead of solving the important problems.
Exactly and they sound very artificial articulating prescripted  garbage. \ Yes and they seem so full of themselves while doing it.
Today is my birthday! I think tonight we are all going out. \ Awesome! Happy Birthday to you! Where are you going? 
I think to a amusment park but im not sure! \ That seriously sounds like the best birthday ever... i hope you guys have an awesome time. 
It was insane getting ready for hurricane IRMA to hit last year....  \ Did you get hit my it? I bet that was scary.
We did but it wasnt too bad, not as bad as the news made it out to sound.  \ Im glad you are ok, How is your community.
My daughter is entering a local battle of the bands contest. \ is this her first one?
Yes, it is! I hope it will be a good expereince for her. \ thats good
i was all alone last night \ Where'd everyone go?
i kicked them out! \ hahaha did you kick family or roomies out?
Im so worried about next week \ That sucks. What's going on next week?
I have to go to the dentist on wednesday.  I hate going to the denstist.  Im always worried that im going to get poked or hurt \ I don't think anyone enjoys going to the dentist.
I couldn't make to dinner on time with my friends \ aww im sorry.  did they leave without you
No. They actually waited. \ That was really nice of them.  you have some really good friends
I was so scared. I was walking to my car and I thought I was going to be robbed. \ That is so scary, what happened?
It was dark and I was leaving work.  Lots of homeless and drug dealers hang nearby.  A man was creeping around. \ Wow, that is scary! Be careful.
I have been feeling anxious about the birth of my son in December. \ Ohhh Congratulations!  I am sure you will be ok.  Is it your first?
Yes! I am nervous. \ Think of how many people have babies.  If they can do it so can you!
I went to work with some serious bedhead. I went to the bathroom after being there for a few hours I saw how awful I looked! I \ did anyone see ?
Nope no one told me. It was so upsetting and I just looked terrible.  \ oh well you lived through it!
i was scared yesterday when i was home alone \ Really? Why was that?
cause i was hearing noises  \ Well there are some good safety apps for your phone that a friend can monitor you as you walk home. Maybe you want to try one of those. 
No matter what I've done, my mom has always been supportive. \ That's what mom's do! I think it's in our blood.
Moms aren't all great, but I'm glad you and my mom are. \ That is true,not all moms are that way and that is sad.
My life is going so great right now! \ That's fantastic to hear!
I just had my first child and my marriage is going great. \ How long have you been married?
My friend went to work in a new country on her own without anyone. \ Wow, must've been scary
Yea, she says she's lonely, but she's friendly. \ That's good at least
I was at the grocery store and I saw some guy carrying like 40 bags, he must've been very strong \ That's crazy! I wonder if he's stocking up or is cooking for a lot of people.
Me too, but he didn't break a sweat \ 2 bags and I'm already struggling.
I met my friends girlfriend and he is so lucky. She's funny and beautiful. The whole package.  \ make a plan to pluck her away
I don't know. I don't want to upset my friend though.  \ dump the first, and go for her
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ That's really awesome! Cat's are like the best pets ever. 
nah this is a bearded dragon \ Oh... I didn't know those were real. 
I wish I spent more time with my dog while she was still with me \ Did she pass away, or did something else happen?
She passed away unfortunately. \ That's sad, one of my friend's dog died a few years ago. We were all very sad because he was such a nice pit
I was at my dealership and I had to hand over my car to some stranger. I was kinda scared that he'd take something, but I had to trust him \ I don't really trust dealerships. What's wrong with your car?
Nothing was wrong with it, it just needed an oil change.  \ Ah you're getting maintenance done. That's good.
I saw a girl propose to her boyfriend. \ That is so exciting and different.
The guy was pretty bewildered. \ I bet so, that doesn't happen often.
I didn't get the promotion that I worked so hard. \ I'm sorry to hear that!
It's okay, I will have to try harder next time. \ Good luck. Maybe a better opportunity will come around.
I feel like my sister in law is a horrible parent - some people should just not have kids. \ i can relate my brothers ex wife , uses all the child support money on her self and her crack head boyfriend , my brother buys my nieces close and toys because she wont
Oh my goodness!!  My sister in law refuses to take the boys to the doctor, even when they run a high fever like 104.  My mother in law steps in all the time. \ its horrible to hear , but i agree with you 100 percent some people should not have kids at all
I remember the one time my co worker took out his back , he would still come in to work but i made sure i did all the heavy lifting so he wont he eventually got better \ That is some dedication.  Did he finally heal up?
took him weeks , but i just felt bad i worked with him for years  \ I'm glad to hear that he is better now - you did a great thing by helping him.
So many relationships are being spoilt by cheating and  unfaithfulness  \ You think so? 
Yeah Cox I've been in that situation before \ Well, I've kept quite a few relationships throughout my life. If I actually wanted to look at online profiles, I do it mostly for research or investigative purposes. Other than that, I'm only interested in online chat. 
Yesterday sure was shocking moment to watch on C-SPAN.  \ I haven't seen it 
You should. I never thought that Strzok's dramatic show would spark the true evil during the testimony before Congress \ Wooow that must really be interesting 
I get off work at night and I have to walk through a lot of dark streets to get home. I'm always scared I'm going to get attacked.  \ oh no thats terrible. where do you live?
I live in a college town in the mdiwest. \ oh yeah that could be dangerous!
my wife is the best. im so thankful for her \ That's really awesome that you have a great partner like her!
for sure! are you married? \ Yes I am and my wife is awesome too!
I was out in a fishing boat last weekend, and I was afraid we would see some sharks. I am really afraid of them. \ Sharks are definitely scary.
Yeah, I was sweating and shaking the whole time. I seen a show on the Discovery Channel about sharks once, and I've never been the same since. \ Is where you went known to have sharks?
While I was sick last week, my kid did all the cooking and cleaning. \ Wow, that's very nice of them! Someone taught them well.
I'd like tot hink so, but I think it's a lot her, too. \ Yes, each kid has their own personality sometimes. I've seen some families that had some kids that were angels, and one of them was a nightmare!
My cat is really sick and old.  \ I am sorry to hear that. I hope she is comfortable at least.
She is not going to make it much longer. \ Do you have plans on how to spend these last days with her?
I dropped my friend's birthday cake. \ Oh man! I bet you felt bad. 
I still feel terrible. I'm gong to make it up to her though. \ I am sure she understands it was an accident.
my wife is great! i am so thankful for her \ That is so good to hear! What makes her so great!
she supports me in everything i do \ You have a great wife for sure then.
I am applying to grad school and I hope to get accepted. \ do you have to pass the gre? 
Yes, I take that text in September. I am not looking forward to it. \ your husband could probably help you with the math portion!
Maybe, he sucks at math  \ gotcha... bock bock chicka chicka 
I watch a lot of infomercials because I'm always up late at night. I ordered the steak kneves and they are awesome. They can cut through anything! \ What have you used them on so far? 
Well I used them to cut some potatoes and they slice through them like butter! \ They sound like good knives
I feel ready for the coming work week \ Really? You must really like you job then
Yeah, I think I have all my work materials set \ Good for you! I hope you  have good week!
I had to go and purchase a toy for my nephew for his birthday the other day. \ Did he like it?
I don't know yet, his birthday is this weekend.  But it did remind me that my girls are no longer the age that I can buy toys for them, my oldest will graduate this year. \ They grow up so fast! You must be proud of them though.
I can't eat tomatoes, and my friend made me a pizza without any for her party. \ Do they bother your stomach?
I have difficulty breathing when I eat some. \ Oh goodness, so you have an allergic reaction to them then?  Do you have to carry an epi pen just in case some slip by you unaware?
I am so thankful for my husband, he is the best. \ Significant others can be hit or miss sometimes.
If you find the right one, they are awesome. \ Your husband sounds like a keeper. How long have you two been together?
There's a hard bump on my arm. I don't know what it is. \ Have you made an appointment with your doctor?
I'm hoping it goes away, but you're right. Maybe I should set an appoitment. \ I would just to be safe!
i hate that i have to worry when my wife and son go out alone, too many dang crazy folks in the world \ That's very true, but I'm sure their both very smart and know how to avoid dangerous situations. 
shes about to be strapped so i wont have to worry as much! \ That will be great! A little peace of mind is all you need. 
I'm a Phd student and I'm taking a really hard class. I have to do well so I was really happy when I got an A on a test! \ thats awesome! what college you go to?
Harvard. So that makes getting an A even better! \ holy smokes thats legit! 
My girlfriend stole my credit card before leaving. Now, I have some financial problems. \ Wow, that's a terrible situation. Did you report it to the police?
I report it to the police but they said that I need to proove that I didn't give my credit card to her. \ Well that's no very helpful. What about cancelling your card at the bank and reporting fraudulent charges? 
My best friend just told me that they are planning to get a sex change. I had no idea! \ My best friend just told me that they are planning to get a sex change. I had no idea!
Wow, when is she/he planning to do that? \ He is planning to be a she as soon as she can get the operation scheduled with the doctor. I think I will take at least a few months.
My daughter got first place with her horse at the fair. \ thats awesome! do you guys raise multiple horses?
Yes we do. She did so well. \ i would love to be able to have horses
cheating on someone, to me, is so disgraceful \ Yes it is very disgraceful.
i just dont see why people dont just end their relationship if they are unhappy \ I know. It is so hurtful to so many involved.
My dad always worked his ass off at a job he didn't like in order to support us, doing a lot of back breaking work as a caretaker. He even had a second job at Wal-mart for a while. I have no idea how he managed to do that sort of thing. \ When you have responsibilities that you really care about, you do what you have to. I commend him. ITs hard raising a family,
Yeah, especially because we were single income. My mom homeschooled my brother and I. I think he took only a handful of sick days his entire time working, had something like 600 days saved up when he retired. \ Oh wow. Ive never heard of that many sick days.
I think he got 3 weeks a year, only used like 5 days. \ cool.
Do you watch Masterchef? \ I have a few times, my mom is really into cooking shows, so I watched them a lot growing up, and still catch a few now and then.
It is my favorite I really like Masterchef Junior though. Those kids are inspiring. \ Yeah, Gordon can be pretty supportive too, and soft spoken, which is surprising. 
I know. He is rarely like that in Hell's Kitchen. \ Yeah, and mostly near the end. When its the first few rounds I think he feels they haven't earned any sort of sympathy or support, since things are just starting out.
I'm going to have a sub after work \ A sub for what?
Sub sandwich. I hope I get done with work soon. \ Oh that sounds good. The closest sub store we have is SubWay.
Holding my son for the first time was such an awesome experience. \ He must be so precious!
He is,thank you. \ Cherish him while you can. They really grow up fast.
i remember waking up one day , and paint on my car was gone , they put paint stripper or thinner at nigh , i was so mad blood was boiling  \ Wow. That's crazy. What even happened?
the neighbor hood trouble maker did it , and i could not even beat him up because he is old an old man, once he was shooting at peoples windows with his b b gun \ Someone should definitely report him.
My buddy broke up with his girlfriend for a guy. \ how do you feel about it ? honestly if someone is respectful to me i dont care who they like , thats the way my dad raised me 
You have a great dad. I'm ok with it. I'm glad he was finally able to come out. \ im straight but the way my dad raised me , he said to respect all sexes , and what ever religion i choose was up to me , i have never gone to church 
One night after partying all night I went to a diner and had a bad experience. \ Oh no!  What happened??
Omg, I was on my way out and I was followed by someone. \ OMG who was it?  What did they do??
He  walked really fast toward me grabbed my purse and demanded my keys. \ AHH!!  Did you call the police?
Yes. I was so scared in that moment! He didn't even have a weapon. \ Did he hurt you??
Got my stuff ready for a trip coming up \ A trip sounds great! So where are you going?
The family and I are going to Panama City Florida!   \ Florida is a great state to have vacation fun! Can you bring me a seashell back? 
haha!  Sure can!  I'll bring you a BIG one back!! \ Lol...Thank you the kids and I love to listen to the sound of the ocean through them.
So I bought a lotto ticket this week. And yet again, I lost \ lol i know the feeling. how great would it be to hit a jackpot though
I know right.  I really could use the money too! \ shoot you aint the only one!
the chargers are supposed to have a great year, but we keep having guys get hurt \ I like the Ravens.  People always get hurt in football..
true, did you watch their game the other night? \ No I my boyfriend had on the Dolphins.. BLAH lol
My son took his first steps the other day, I was so excited. \ You must be so excited and proud!
I am very excited and proud! \ Has he talked yet?
I'm going back to school to become a chef \ Awesome! I wish I was a better cook.
You should try out some recipes. When you cook well, you're far more likely to eat more healthy. \ I believe that!
My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer when our first daughter was 9 months old. \ That's so sad. I'm sorry to hear that. Is he getting a treament? 
He passed away 9 months after diagnosis, when she was 18 months old.  She just turned 18 this year, so it's been awhile.  But he never really got to know her and never met our 2nd daughter at all. \ Wow, that's awful. I hope you can tell her all about him and share some pictures at least. 
I seen this guy riding down my street riding a unicycle making it look easy. Talk about skill! \ Wow, that's not something I'd expect to see just looking out my window at the street!  Were you impressed?
I most certainly was! I ran to find my kids and show them. They all want one for Christmas now! \ Ha!  Well just make sure you've got good insurance on all of them first!!
I passed my final! I'm glad my hard work paid off. \ Congratulations! Was it your last final?
One of my last ones... many sleepless nights paid off \ Good luck. It'll be worth it.
My girlfriend has been so distant lately. \ Oh no, have you tried talking about it?
I have, but all she says is "it's nothing." \ Give her a few days and try again
Me and my wife have been together for 10 years! \ That is really great to hear! Couples break up so fast these days.
Yeah I know.  Especially thanks to FB.  I haven't cheated on her once! \ uh oh how does Facebook help? lol
Loaned my friend 3k to fix his car. \ Did he get it fixeD?
Yep, he did. Luckily, he doesn't have to buy a totally new car. \ Yeah that's good.  You're a good friend.  Good on you lad!
I was shocked. I went to Vegas and as soon as I walked into the casino I won 1k on a dollar slot. \ Oh wow! Congrats! That's awesome!
THank you!  I love Vegas!  It is so much fun. \ I would love to go someday.
I have a dentist appointment next week.  \ Ut oh.. are you nervous?
Very much so! I do not like going! \ I'm sorry.  Don't worry.  It never is as bad as you think it will be.
Our home was broken into and it was so scary. \ I cannot imagine how scary that would be!  Were you home or away?
Thankfully, we were away and nothing was taken, but our security was gone. \ Do you mean your security system, or do you mean that which keeps your family secure?
our sense of security. \ Definitely.  Did you make any adjustments to prevent or protect yourselves after this horrific event?
When I turned 30 years old, my wife shocked me with a surprise birthday party! \ That sounds like a lot of fun! Did you have a great time?
I sure did.  She had contacted my older siblings who lived out of town, my parents, and my friends.  She put all kinds of work into it.  I was just thilled! \ That was very thoughtful, you are very lucky!
my instincts are never wrong. I found out her lies when I checked her facebook chat history.  \ So, what was she lying to you about?
she arranged to meet up with her ex to return his t-shirt! why do that behind my back? we had just started seeing each other. Made me so mad \ Oh, she shouldn't have done that
My friend slapped because he saw me dkscussing with his fiancee  \ some friend. Maybe he's insecure and thought you or her were flirting?
yes, but were just planning  a surprise birthday party for my friend \ well then he shouldn't have jumped to conclusions. Things aren't always what they seem
im going to a concert sunday i cant wait \ That's awesome. Is it your favorite band?
nah but i am seeing my favorite next month! \ You must love music. Are tickets expensive?
My buddy won first place at the triathlon. Couldn't even get him off the couch this same time last year. \ man thats legit! i am so lazy lol
hahah same here, man. \ i run 1 10k a year lol
My daughter just came into the world this past weekend. \ that is incredible! congrats is she your first?
Thank you! Yes, she is! \ its so awesome to have a child! my son is a little over a year
my wife is amazing, i am so lucky to have her \ She sounds wonderful. How long have you two been together?
9 years! and hopefully many more \ That's really amazing. I wish you two the best.
I remember when i was little and i played silent hill 1 for the first time , i was so scared lol , now i look back and the graphics look so cheap \ Haha, that's funny. The same things used to happen to me except with the game Resident Evil. I love that game, and was scared to play it at the same time.
lol , resident evil 2 i found scary as well , when you encounter the licker for the first time and he falls from the ceiling  \ Yes! I remember that. I was just looking at getting an emulator so I could play it again on my computer.
I just started painting again after taking a break for years.  \ i love art if thats what you mean , i started taking painting classes recently 
I'm pretty happy though because I recently just sold my first painting! I am hoping to make some money on the side doing different painting for people. \ Thats awesome i used to do the tattoos and recently purchased 2 tatoo machines a shader and a liner , been drawing since i was 5 years old
I miss my friend. \ I'm sorry to hear that. 
It's ok. It'll take some time I guess. \ I wish you healing and comfort.
I am so happy with my life right now. \ That's wonderful! What's been going on?
I recently had my first child, and my marriage is going great. \ Oh my gosh. Congratulations on the kiddo!
Taking the kids to six flags this weekend and I'm scared :\ \ What are you scared of?
Riding the coasters!  Never have before! \ I bet you are scared! It will be fun though!
I was about to go on maternity leave when my coworkers threw me a baby shower.  \ Hey that's great of them!!  Did you get anything cool?
I got lots of cool stuff and I had no idea they were planning it! \ That's fantastic!  What an awesome day, huh?
I just watched the Exorcist for the first time and now I am going around my house turning on all the lights! \ hahaha I guess no one warned you about how scary that movie is, hu?
NO.... man I need to call a friend or something to calm me down. I have goosebumps.  \ Good idea. Having someone around might help you recover from it.
I was supposed to go on a trip with my friend, but I got sick. \ Oh no! That's no fun. So you're cancelling it completely or will you wait until you feel better?
It's too to go now unfortunately. \ That's too bad, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon!
i am going to a concert sunday and i cant wait \ how exciting! I love concerts
what kind of music do you like? \ Honestly I can get into most kinds of music. What artist/band is the concert?
I got a raise at work. I'm glad my hard work has paid off! \ thats awesome! glad to hear that!
Thanks! Feels good to be rewarded \ it does i agree! its always great when someone gets paid for their hard work
My friend had to miss a concert, because I was sick. \ Oh wow I'm sorry, but your health is more important!
Thanks a lot! She didn't have to miss it actually but didn't want to go without me. \ Sounds like you have a great friend! 
I was running today and felt like this car was following me.. \ That's really creepy.
Yes it was, I think I need to start carrying pepper spray or something \ Also some kind of sound alert. You think you could scream for help during those times, but a lot of people actually don't.
I got called into work on a Saturday! So frustrating... \ I used to have to be on call and I hated it, especially after I worked all week.
Yeah it's a big pain, but that's life/work I guess. \ That's true, that is part of it, I guess.
I am so thankful for my husband, he is the best! \ Oh that's sweet. What kind of things does he do?
He works hard so I can stay home with our child. \ Oh that's very nice! He must work very hard then!
I'm having such a great week.  Hows your week going? \ Could be better, but it's nice to know someone is having a great week!
Yeah it was awesome.  And I have a beach vacation coming up so that should be pretty fun also! \ Oh now I"m just getting jealous!
There's this Chinese takeout place I used to go by during college often. \ Oh?  How was it?
It was great. I always ordered their cheapest item, but they'd always throw extra portions in. \ That's awesome!  Nothing better than free food!!
My dog passed away last week. \ oh no. sorry to hear that.
Thank you, he was old, but still. \ Pets are family. We still want them to be around no matter what.
I wanted to attend summer classes but I couldn;t \ I'm sorry, why not?
Financial aid and loans usually take car of the fees, but I wouldve had to pay $1000 out of pocket and I can't afford that. \ I completely understand, I've been in that predicament and it sucks.
im going to a concert on sunday and i cant wait! \ what artist is gonna be there, now i am intrigued 
breaking ben and 5 finger death punch \ ooooh nice , i would be so pumped too see them , enjoy
I remember when we were younger , and my brother came home one of his eyes was swollen shut, and he had a giant gash under his other, he had gotten jumped i almost cried in just anger  \ ah no thats horrible i hate to hear that
he bumped into one of the main ones that jumped him, and my brother beat him up twice , shortly after we both joined jiu jitsu  \ thats legit! i love mma and jiu jitsu is crucial 
There's a new pizza place opening up. \ Are you excited about that, do you think you'll be checking it out when it opens.
Oh definitely. I'm kind of tired of the big chain pizzas. \ We have a local pizza place here and it is SO much better than all the chain places.  I hope your's is great also.
Our little dog ended up with pancreatitis. \ Oh I'm so sorry. Is the little one being treated?
We tried.  We took her to an emergency vet, then our vet followed up with us for weeks.  She kinda overcame the pancreatitis, but she also had an autoimmune disease and her body started killing off her red blood cells.  She wasn't going to recover and she was in so much pain, we had to take her in to be put to sleep. \ I am so sorry to hear that. I'm sure she had the bests life she could being part of your family.
This restaurant that I've been going since I was a kid is closing. \ you going one last time ?
Of course I will, but it will be so sad. \ yea 
i was pissed when i saw a dent in my car door yesterday \ Oh no. Do you know who did it?
no.. i was at the store.. by the time i made it back .. they were no where in sight \ A hit and run. Not many people are responsible anymore.
i hate that people these days are so crappy to others \ Me too, people can be so cruel.
its sad the world we live in \ It definitely can be.
Our home was broken into and it was so scary. \ that is scary! it happened to me as well so i bought a couple of guns
We did too, and a security system. \ yep us too, its sad we have to have those
A few months ago I broke my wrist. I had so much family support, it made me very happy. \ It's always nice to have people around you that care about you. They make hard times much easier.
Yeah it was a minor injury but I'm glad they were by my side \ How's the wrist feeling now? Any permanent damage?
My wife told me she's ready for kids, but I'm not sure if I am. I'm not totally against the idea, I'm just a little nervous about making such a big decision right now. \ Well take it from me, I have one and twins on the way.... Never wanted kids either but once theyre here it's an amazing feeling!
That's what everyone keeps telling me. I guess I might as well while I'm still young. Just a bit nervous to become a parent. \ You will never be ready but enjoy as  much as you can while you're young! lol
sunday i am going to a concert and i cant wait \ So exciting, which concert?
5 finger death punch and breaking ben \ Nice! I don't know either band well but sounds exciting!
Im watching the show The Bold Type, my favourtie characters dad died :( \ is that a good show? i have never heard of it
Yes, it's a great girly drama! Reminds me of Sex in the City but Modern. \ nice! what channel?
I know I will win my chess game. \ Good luck! Chess is such an interesting game.
I was taught how to play by my dad. \ Is he an awesome player, too?
I haven't been the greatest person, but my family always sticks by me. \ That must be nice, having a good family.
It is. I got really lucky. \ Do you have any siblings?
The skating rink I used to go to as a child is being replaced by a hotel \ That is kind of sad. I hate it when places from your childhood close or are torn down.
Yea. I wish it was being replaced by something less consumerist. \ Yeah that is too bad.
My husband was out of town for work all of last month. \ Oh yea? How'd it go?
After only one night alone, I had to go stay at my mom's. I was creeped out by every little sound and couldn't sleep. \ Oh no, how did mom take it? Did she tease you?
I ordered a beautiful gold watch from the Shopping Channel. When I received it, it looked completely different and was total junk. \ I hate when that happens, especially when you have something else pictured.
It was completely different! The one I received looks like you would get it at a dollar store, and I paid $200 for it! \ Are you able to send it back?
I had to leave my son for the first time to go to work and it was so hard. \ I can't imagine. How old is he?
Almost 2. \ Yeah, that's a hard age to separate from a child. They don't really understand. I have to leave my 16 year old sometimes and he jumps for joy.
i was shocked when i saw i was given the weekend off \ That is a nice surprise! Do you usually work every weekend?
yea and im so far down the seniority list that i never get it off \ I am glad you got this one off!
My son is turning two in a few months and it has me looking back to when he was first born. \ yea they grow up way too fast
They really do, it goes by so quickly. \ yea
It felt bad to finish last in a race last week. \ Really bad...  Did you come last?? 
Yes, even when  there were 500 people and I was younger than most. \ Awww you need to practice more often
I needed money this weekend  \ Why, what do you have planned?
Wanted to go see a movie with my girlfriend  \ Sounds like fun!  I hope you find the money to do it.
the concert i am going to on sunday is going to be awesome! \ That sounds awesome! What band?
breaking ben and 5 finger death punch \ They sound rock metal. Hope you have a great time!
I'm going to a new town for work. It pays a lot more, but I'm going to be by myself. \ ah that sucks! what city?
Somewhere in Nevada. \ dang in the middle of no where
I ate the last ramen. \ uh oh.. late trip to the local walmart to get more!
hahaha I think so, too! \ sounds like a plan
i was mad when i couldnt leave work on time \ Was there too much work?
the work just kept piling up as the day went on \ Did you get any help?
I went to the bar the other night \ how was it? get smashed?
lol a little bit.  I paid for my tab and forgot to tip the waitress :( \ crap that sucks! did you have fun?
sunday i am going to a concert and i cant wait \ Oh that's cool!  Who are you going to see?
breaking ben and 5 finger death punch \ Hey I saw Breaking Benjamin a couple years ago at an unplugged concert in Nashville!  You're gonna have some fun!!
I was on the bus today and some little kid was picking his nose and eating it. \ Eww, thats gross! Poor kid needs to learn some manners!
Yes, that's what I was thinking. I almost thew up. \ I bet, I would have had to look away!
It's been a great night! I'm just relaxing with a cold drink and my favourite show! \ That does sound like a great night! I think I'm overdue for one of those myself!
Yes defenitly, It dosen't get better then this! My daughter has been fast asleep since 8pm. \ That's great. It's nice when we get some peaceful time for ourselves.
My first child is due in a couple of months, and I am a little nervous. \ I think everyone gets nervous. You'll be fine!
Thank you, I am trying to stay calm. \ It must be an exciting time, too.
Someone keeps calling my phone. I'll block them, but they just call from a new number. \ That is annoying. Do they say anything when you answer?
Oh I don't answer numbers I don't recognize. \ I don't blame you!
My son is turning two in a few months and it makes me a little sad. \ whats his name?
Knox. \ my wife loves that name, we have a son that will be 2 in december. if we have another one his name will be knox
im going to a concert on sunday, im sure it will rock \ Who are you going to see?
breaking ben and 5 finger death punch \ That will be a fun concert!
Every day I stop and think about how some people have very hard lives and it makes me both sad and also thankful that I had a caring and supportive family growing up. \ It's nice to hear someone thinking about others. Many people who luck out don't care what happens to others or are grateful for their lot in life.
I've always felt a lot of compassion for others. I really can't help it. I thank my mom for that attribute. \ Sounds like you have a great family.
I can't wait for Fall. This summer heat is killing me. \ Tell me about it. It's over 100 almost every day here and it's so humid it makes the air feel sticky!
I can't do over 80. Where are you that it's over 100?! \ Central Louisiana. Hot and gross out here! Imagine a steaming swamp.
The new Mexican place is going to be so good! \ i love Mexican food! salsa is the best
Oh yea, I like salsa, too. Can't have enough of that, and it's healthy! \ yeah thats true! with a margarita
my dad bought me tickets to a concert on sunday, i am so thankful \ Oh man, your dad sounds awesome.
he is the best for real \ Does he know that?
I am so happy with my life right now! \ Yeah? That's a good thing! What's going on in your life right now?
I just had my first child and my marriage is thriving! \ That's awesome! I very happy for you. I hope you have many good years to come as well.
I got a pet hermit crab when I was on vacation in Hawaii, and I just found him dead this morning. \ Oh no, I am sorry to hear that.
Yeah, I was crying a bit. We spent so much time together I would take him everywhere. \ I hope you can find some comfort during this time!
I am so happy with my life right now. \ That's great to hear!
Thank you! I have the best family! \ Not many people are thankful for their family. I am glad you are.
My job is going through a tough time, but I'm going to stick with them \ That is good to hear, it sounds like you are a very loyal employee.
They've been there for me, too. Not many jobs care about their employees. \ If you find a place that cares for their people, stay with them!
Reality TV really annoys me \ I don't think you are alone there! What do you find so irritating about it?
Well its supposed to be reality but seems so fake. \ I know what you mean. All the people seem to be the same types - fame hungry narcissists
Unfortunately it didn't work out so well \ Sorry to hear that, what happened?
England lost in the World Cup soccer semi-final, such a disappointment! \ That was a hard watch. They were a strong young team and should have won but missed a few chances in the first half.
im going to a concert sunday and its going to be amazing \ You must be excited! Will it go on the whole day?
nope just 2 bands \ That's still awesome. Have a great time!
I've been practicing this piece for months. I think I'm ready to play it in front of everyone. \ what are you playing?
I'll be playing Tchaikovsky on piano and flute. \ wow that is impressive!!
i was caught off guard when i was toold i could go home early \ Sometimes that is good and sometimes it is bad. Depends on how bad you need the money. I hope it was a good thing for you.
yea it was great thing.. anytime you can leave early on a friday is a good day \ Yeah, I had forgot it was Friday. I always enjoyed getting off early then.
We are really wanting to buy a new house. We are hoping it will happen in the next year. \ good luck! need something bigger?
Yes. I have 4 kids and we are living in a 3 bedroom and 1 bathroom right now. We definitely need another bathroom. lol \ yea i feel your pain! we will be buying a bigger home also
im going to a concert on sunday, and im out of my mind about it \ That sounds fun, what concert?
breaking ben and 5 finger death punch \ I bet you are going with your dad?
I am so happy with life right now. \ glad to hear that! why?
I have the best husband and children around. \ your husband is a lucky guy!
My husband and I are taking our first vacation without kids in 18 years. \ Wow that sounds lovely, where are you headed? Some where warm I hope!
Yes, we are going to a little beach area in florida that is off the beaten path - just a week to relax and reconnect. \ That sounds amazing, I hope you both enjoy it!
My family is moving from Texas to Arkansas in a few months, Im worried for the change. \ That is a big change!  Are you moving due to a job or something like that?
My husband is getting out of the Army and moving back to his hometown where he has a few job offers! Big changes coming.. \ Yes, that is definitely a big change.  I hope you settle in quickly though - change like that can be a drastic lifestyle upheaval, but it could also be the best thing ever!
I just got a new haircut and bought a suit. I feel like I'm on top of the world right now. I think I'll go ask my crush out on a date. \ You go for it! 
I think I have a pretty good chance. She seems like she's been into me. \ You never know unless you ask, and it never hurts to ask!
I am so thankful for my husband! \ Why? What did he do?
He works so hard for our family so I can stay home with our son. \ Wow, that is very nice of him. It's to meet nice guys these days! You're lucky to have him!
I spilled soda on my laptop. \ oh no!!! Did you put it in rice? 
Oh I can put a whole laptop in rice? \ Sure!  Then cook the rice later!
I'm so stoked for a trip coming up!! \ That's great! Where ya headed?
The family and I are headed to Florida to sit on the beach!!   \ I hope you have a wonderful time!
There's a new Korean restaurant that's opening up. \ i have never tried korean food , and i love trying different kinds of food i would be so excited 
You should definitely try. You'll get addicted! \ i would love to try it one day , im happy for you
so the other day i was on a rush so i put on my clothes to work , i clocked in and guess what i forgot my belt at home , i kept pulling up my pants all day it was so embarrasing  \ Oh god, I've done many things but that is actually one I have not done.
i was on a rush to work lol , thats what i get for partying all night  \ Hey, the party was probably worth it.
im going to a concert on sunday i cant wait \ That's dope. Who's playing?
breaking ben and 5 finger \ Don't know who they are.
We're getting a new coworker next week. We've been so short staffed. \ that always stinks, i hate being short handed 
We might finally get to home on time next week. \ man that will be great, working long shifts aint fun
i hope im going to get to go fishing this weekend \ Fishing is truly fun. We occasionally go with my friends too. Do you go frequently?
we try to get out a few times a year.. always ends up raining on the weekend we make plans to go! \ That is bad. Do you live in a place with high humidity?
This week again I forgot to call lawn mowers again. The grass is now high and my residential administration has already sent me a warning notice \ you ever cut it yourself ? or is it too big of a yard?
I do not cut myself. I generally the service provider for it. The yard is not that big though. I think I should learn doing it myself \ yea sometimes its relaxing to be out there cutting the grass by yourself 
Our home was broken into and it was such a terrible experience. \ That's awful, I hope no one in your family was hurt.
Thankfully no one was home. \ Luckily. In bad situations like that, it is always best to remind ourselves that things could have been a lot worse for ourselves.
I had an online interview today for a teaching position and I nailed it! \ Awesome! I am happy for you!
Thanks! Regardless I am a bit nervous. There are a lot of things to remember and I don't want to look like a fool on the job. \ I am sure you will do fine! Good Luck!
Wen I was in college and I cheated on a test I felt guilty \ Shame on you .Did you at least pass? 
Yes I did passs \ And you didn't get caught either?
I'm ready to live in a house. \ Wow that sounds like fun
I'm not homeless. Me and my kids have been in this apartment too long and I want my own yard. \ I completely understand
we are going to a concert sunday, i am sure its going to be great \ That sounds like a lot of fun! Who are you going to see?
breaking ben and 5 finger \ Awesome! They play some good music!
We just found out that my grandmother is having an affair with a younger man. \ whoa thats shocking! how old is she?
I think! She's 73 and the guy was only 35. \ holy smokes thats a huge gap!
I caved and ordered online grocery. \ we always do that, its so convenient 
Do you have any problems with quality? That's what I'm afraid of. \ no way its awesome!
im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome \ You're gonna be tired the next day.
i hope not, i have a lot of work to do \ Too bad it's on a Sunday.
Finally getting this leg brace off next week. \ That's great, how long was it on for?
4 months. Limping up stairs is just no fun. \ That is a pretty long time to have your leg wrapped up. How'd you injure it?
I haven't felt this happy and relaxed in a long time. Loving life! My kids are both married and live on their own, I recently paid off my house and I'm retired! \ Yea. After all that, I think it's definitely time for you to relax and have fun!
It was a long road getting here, that's for sure. But totally worth it! \ You should be proud of yourself really.
I ordered take out and got a whole lot of food for $5 \ Hey that's a good deal!  Where was this?
It's at a local Chinese place. I'll definitely be going back. \ Yeah that sounds sooooo good right now!  I may need to go to chinese tonight!!
I feel so bad about the other night \ Oh no. What happened?
I went to the bar and forgot to tip the waitress :(    she is so nice too \ Oh no. Can you go back?
I found out recently that my girlfriend's cat has cancer and we cannot afford the operation to remove it. \ Oh I am so sorry. Best thing to do is be there for her.
Thank you for your sympathies. Have you ever dealt with losing a pet? \ I have and it really hard. It just takes time But a good support system makes it way better.
I am so nervous. I have a big presentation coming up at work. \ I'm sure you'll do fine if you practice enough!
I feel prepared but it is my first presenting data in front of management. My nerves are real bad. I just want to get it over with. \ Understandably so, I get nervous during presentations too. Take some deep breaths and you'll pull through!
i am going to a show this weekend, i expect it to be awesome \ What show is it?
breaking ben and 5 finger \ Is that a play or music band?
I don't know who keeps double parking at my workplace. \ that is the worst, i hate when people cant park
I just don't like inconsiderate people. Like they own the world. \ i know the feeling, there are a ton of people like that too
My son is participating in the badminton junior level held between states. \ that sounds cool.. how long has he been competing ?
From the age of 8. It's his 3rd match. I'm happy to be his father. \ thats awesome
i was happy to see my dog returned home \ It's lovely! did you miss him?
yes .. got out of the gate.. and came back ..  \ Take care of him!
I wonder what my friend is doing now on the side of the world \ Yeah, me too! Is your friend working abroad too?
No, she's going to school. \ Okay interesting. Well I would guess that she is probably studying right no!
I see these bug guys at the gym lifting heavy weights and think they're cool with their big muscles. I don't know what girls see in them. \ Everyone has their preference.
Yes I guess so. I wish they would look at me that way.  \ Aw no luck with the ladies?
I can't wait for tomorrow night! \ whats tomorrow night?
Taking my nephew to an MMA show.  Gonna be awesome! \ awesome i love mma, what fighter you like?
my brother got to see one of my favorite bands i wish i could have went \ Aww that's good for him though!  Who was the band?
taking back sunday! \ That's an awesome band.  So jealous of him!!!  Wish we could've ALL went!
When ever i drive around 3 pm or 4 , or even at 7 am , my anxiety goes through the roof crazy traffic i honestly would not drive if i did not have too \ Is it the traffic or driving that gives you anxiety?
both , when im with my brother and hes typing on his phone and not looking at the road i start hyper ventilating  \ Oh gosh. That's not safe at all. 
I'm retiring soon. \ thats awesome , one day i want to make it to retirement im happy to hear people work this long, in my area young people refuse to work all they do is party and live off there familys money
I feel sorry for their family. You'll definitely make it to retirement! \ thanks , and once again thank you for your service in any field contributing to society 
I'd rather work alone that in a group or with a partner. \ I absolutely feel the same way. It is a rare trait, but there are few people who do better on tasks on their own than as group task. 
True. I dislike when other people don't do their job and makes everyone work harder. \ Yes, that too. Or does not contribute as much like they should, i.e., critical thinking/participatory contributions
exactly. I'd rather do eveything so I know who to blame lol \ Hah! 
I can't hardly wait for the outcome of Congressional inquiry into the Strzok testimony yesterday.  \ I have no idea what that is.
Indeed. It would be interesting to watch for time to come. Criminal investigation coming to conclusion and what to do about Strzok and his thug evildoing.  \ OH. If he is guilty I hope he gets what's coming to him.
My girlfriend was having a bad day at work a few days ago. \ how did she handle it
Well, I sent her some pizza and it was so unexpected it turned her whole day around! \ well that was nice of you
i was scared to walk home yesterday \ Why were you scared to walk home?
i had to walk home alone in a dark wooded area at night \ That is pretty terrifying, but I'm happy to see that you made it through in one piece.
I am going to see Taylor Swift. \ Wow, that sounds like fun! She's so beautiful.
She puts on such a great show! \ Yes she does. She's very talented. I'd love to see her live.
I was cornered outside a bar last weekend and some guys stole my wallet! I was so scared I didn't know what to do. \ That is so scary! People are so desperate these days.
I know! I blame it on hard drugs and last of government support for addictions and mental health. I really was so freaked out though.  \ I would have been, too. I am glad you are okay!
i think the chargers will be very good this year.  \ Is that a football team?  I'm sorry, I'm not a sports fan.  Are they your favorite team?
yep it is, and yes they are! \ I hope they perform well this year then!  It's always nice to have a winning team.
I haven't had an actual birthday party since I turned 18, I never really thought much about it though. \ its sad once you get older those things dissapear
This is very true.  But my husband decided that he'd throw a party for my 30th.  It was pretty neat having a party at 30! \ dirty 30 parties are the best!
i was crushed when i wasnt able to go to vegas as planned \ What got in the way of your plans?
work! \ That's such a shame, I'm sorry to hear that.
I spent two hours studying material for an interview. \ did it help?
Definitely. I aced it, and now I'm officially in a trial period! \ congrats! i hope it works out
I don't know how but I fell off in between the aisles at Walmart when doing grocery shopping. Everybody was looking at me like I was some kind of alien \ Oh no! Did anyone help you?
No, i stood up quickly. But it was pretty embarrassing experience to have honestly \ Yeah I can imagine
I could have sworn I saw a snake in my backyard but I haven't seen it again \ That is horrible. Do you live in a city or rural areas?
It's more of a city... I'm going to have to call animal control. I don't want to see it again! \ It is unbelievable to meet these wild animals in a city. You should definitely call them
I got yelled at by my boss last week for being late even though it was because my tire blew out on my way to work. \ bosses can be such aholes!
I mean I have no issues when I screw up.....a mistake is made that I was in control of but this is completely different. \ yep if it deserves to be yelled at thats one thing
the braves are really good, i just dont know if we have the pitching to make a run \ I'm a Reds fan myself........I know the Braves have a good chance of winning their division and I agree, probably not made for a deep playoff ren.
at least you guys have votto! \ Yeah....I have no complaints with him.....his salary is too big for the franchise but that ain't his fault.
