I let my health insurance coverage lapse and don't have any insurance right now. Figured I'd be okay since I'm young and haven't gotten sick or hurt in years. Just yesterday, someone smacked into me and my leg hurts a ton now. \ Ouch that sucks.   Honestly, if you had a crappy obamacare bronze plan its unlikely they'd pay for anything anyways.  Its always a nightmare.    You've got to spend a fair amont of cash before they cover anything but a checkup.
You're probably right. Although it's the first year I'm off my parent's insurance plan, so I didn't really start the process of looking into them and learning more about them like I should have. When you're young, you just assume you're invincible, especially since I'm a nerd who stays inside most of the time. We'll see how it goes. \ Yep, you'll probably be fine. Give it a couple of days. 
I got passed over for a promotion at work last week, even thought I had more experience than the other applicants. \ that is not good, have you expressed your feelings to your boss?
I did, and it looks like I may be looking for a new job soon as they want to take the company in a new direction. \ well i hope everything goes well for you, you will sure find something fitting for you dont worry
i hate when my little brother throws food on the table just to annoy m e \ That's a terrible waste of food, how old is your little brother?
he is like 11 but he does it when my parents are not home it is really anoying \ Well, I hope he soon sees that is not something that he should be doing.
I am very surprised by the performances of the French soccer Team in the world cup. I was expecting the Croatia soccer Team to win the final. \ Did you have a team that you were rooting for?
My prefered team was Brazil but I hated the behavior of Neymar during the world cup. \ That's the great thing about sports, anything can happen.
Im feeling pretty bad right now. I cheated on my math final.  \ thats a bad feeling :/ dont be too hard on yourself 
It wasnt anything too major. I wrote a few formulas down so I would not forget them. Still kind of crummy though. \ Yeah but its a test! Its not like you cheated on your spouse or did something severe! lol 
I am so ready for my first day at my new job. I went out and bought all new outfits.  \ That is always a good feeling. 
It is! Great to be ready to roll.  \ Thats the spirit. It is always exciting to start something new.
It feels great having a girlfriend who puts her trust in you that you wouldn't do anything to hurt her. My current girlfriend, unlike my ex, has no problems with me going out with my friends occasionally. \ That must be so nice having that freedom.
It's very refreshing. I'm just happy that we have this trust in one another, I feel it will go a long way to making our relationship strong. \ Do you feel you could see yourself marrying her?
Quite possibly! She's amazing, to be honest. \ What is her name?
Her name is Claire. \ Lucky you, my girlfriend Elaine is a bit mean sometimes.
Can't believe mom got me a puppy! \ I love dogs! I bet you were so happy. 
I am so happy, she's a husky girl! Has beautiful blue eyes. \ Oh my god, I've always wanted a husky! You are so lucky. They do have beautiful eyes.
I was stopped at a traffic light when a woman in a truck scraped slowly along the side of my car. \ That's brutal, did she get out?
Yeah, we both stopped and pulled over.  I think she was high or something, she was really off. \ Did she have insurance?
Just sent out some applications for my dream schools. \ Oooh, that's exciting!  What schools did you apply for?
Harvard and Yale, I'm nervous. \ That's worth being nervous over.  I'm sure you'll do great!
i am hoping to get next week off form work \ Oh yeah what do you plan on doing? 
i wanna go to vegas to go gamble a little  \ Sounds like a good time! 
I spilled coffee all over my new shorts the other day.  \ did you have some back up clothes ?
No and I had just got the shorts. :(  \ oh that stinks
This parrot can hold full conversations. Only problem is it keeps calling its owner fat while he's eating \ I'm sorry, that made me laugh. Never really seen a parrot speak that well before. Thought it as just something you see in movies. Does it say anything else fun?
It flirts with girls. I guess it depends on the owner. I think this dude told his parrot to shame him, so he'll lose weight. \ That's... a really interesting strategy. Wonder what will happen once he actually does lose weight and doesn't want to be called fat anymore! Well, I guess to each their own.
My mom, who's in her 60s, lost her best friend today, who passed away. She was one of the only friends my mother had, and I feel sad for her since she lost a connection to her childhood and past. She seems really lonely. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. It's hard losing someone that dear to her. I hope she opens herself up to healing.
Yeah, just doesn't feel like there's much to offer her. I'm also not living close, so I can only have phone conversations with her, which, again, doesn't offer much. She's a good person, so I hate to see her so bent out of shape \ It's gonna take some time, and I'm sure those phone calls help more than you think.
Just had to dissect a frog. \ I did that 32 years ago in high school.
I don't like hurting animals so it felt wrong to me. \ Right, I understand that. It's not a nice thing.
I've been married forever. I'm good with it. \ What is your wifes name?
Sonia \ Do you love her lots?
I lost my lucky pen. \ thats a bummer! How long ago did you lose it? 
I lost it yesterday. But having it for 3 years. \ Well I hope you find it, and a winning lotto ticket at the same time. 
I got a bonus the other day at work and felt so blessed.  \ Good to hear! Congrats!!
Thanks it really made me feel great.  \ Hope you'll receive more bonus in upcoming days!!
My boyfriend and I did a cooking class for dater night. \ what did you all make
We make chicken parmesan with home made pasta. He got the best student award! \ that sounds tasty.
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ What happened?
he ran away \ Did you ever find him?
While commuting to office today, one man stared at me. \ did he do it in a normal fashion or did he stared at you weird
He stared at me weird. Once i noticed him, I became unease. \ you should have told someone that is how robbers usually target people
i found a little ball of hair when i was eating at a fancy restaurant \ Awful! did you complaint?
yeah i did, they gave us a refund and we did not come back to that place again \ Food should be made hygiene. We shouldn't compromise on health.
I'm looking to move! Just put an offer in on a place, looking forward for a positive result \ That's great! Are you trying to buy a house?
You bet! I think it's time to have a place I can really call my own. Hope they say yes! \ It's nice to have a place of your own. I remember the excitement I felt when I bought my house.
I remember when I started my first office job out of college. I was nervous because I didn't know what to expect. \ It's a whole new world when that happens, I can totally understand. How'd you cope with it?
I just tried to keep an open mind and go with the flow. It was hard to get used to sitting at a desk for 8 hours a day, but I soon got used to it. \ It's always best to just open your mind to anything that could happen. It's the best way to learn.
Just moved here for work, and I don't know anyone. My coworkers have families of their own. \ That's sucks. You just have to warm up to people.
Yea. It's going to take some time. It's just tough going through it right now. \ I would be so scared to move to a new place. I commend you. It'll get better
I went to grocery store the other day and completely embarassed myself. \ What happened?!
I filled an entire cart with food for a party and then realized I had forgot me purse at home. \ Oh no. Did you end up having to leave the cart?
My wife was sick the other day. so I spent the day taking care of her. \ thats good
Yeah, she had a pretty bad cold, but it was nothing major. \ thats good that it wasnt major.
i went into that interview knowing everythng they threw at me \ That's a good way to go into an interview. Did it go well?
yes i got the job \ Awesome, congrats on your new job.
I'm expecting a raise in Feb. \ I bet you can't wait. Is it a substantial raise?
It'll be around 25%. \ That's fantastic. Congratulations! Buy yourself a little treat.
I exercise often but as a powerlifter I do very little cardio and never really had much interest in it. A friend of mine introduced me to marathon running and wow, I like it much more than I anticipated! \ I'm glad you've found a change of pace.
It's really nice! Definitely can't compare to powerlifting, but it's enjoyable nonetheless and it's healthy. \ Of course it is. I'd say it'll benefit each other.
Hi, I couldn't get the food to feed my family, so I just stole some of the more expensive things from the store. \ Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that you don't have enough money for food, but stealing isn't the answer! Maybe there's a local food bank you can contact.
I have 5 different kids and they all want food, what should I do? \ Call your local support services. Usually it's 211. They can put you in contact with charities, churches and other organizations who can help you! I wish you the best!
I left my adult son home for a few days and just came back to a sink full of gross old dishes!  \ Did you ask him to wash the dishes?
Yes, I did. The whole house is a mess. He's going to have to spend the day cleaning! \ You should do to him a strong amount of punishment!
i shouldnt have trusted by brother to take care of my dog \ Oh no, is your dog okay?
he is missing \ I hope your dog is found safe!
I have to put a dresser together later. \ sounds like fun
I am sure I can do it well. \ i hope it goes well!
My life is going great right now. \ That is fantastic. Anything new going on?
No and there is nothing that I would want to change. \ I wish I was that content with my life. I have too many changes going on right now.
I was listening to an old burned CD I found from the early 2000's. It brought back a lot of memories from that time. \ I bet it did. I would love to listen to my old cds
I remember be being back in high school listening to some of those songs.  \ What a fun way to reminisce. 
It was really hard to say goodbye to everyone at the end of the family reunion. It had been so long since we were all together. \ Yeah, you're right. are you in reunion now?
No, it was last weekend. I was so happy to see all of my relatives and then before you know it it's time to leave. What a range of emotions. \ It's very hard to leave. But the memories will always cheer with us. 
I anxious about my tomorrow's exam. \ Did you prepare for it?
Nope. I afraid to go tomorrow. \ It's not too late. You will have to pull an all nighter and study. If you are prepared you will feel better about going.
My Pet parrot died yesterday. \ Are you going to get another?
I don't think so.  They're quite a bit of responsibility. I'd like freedom to travel etc. \ Probably best to also take time to process what happened
I found some mold growing out in the garage \ Oh no, that's bad.   Have you had someone come out and check the hose?
I ended up cleaning it myself, I think I got most of it out \ May be worth letting your insruance comapny know. Usually they have clauses that you have to tell them as soon as you see it otherwise they won't cover any of it.
I had made plans for dinner and had set everything out and I found out my husband ate all the bread!  \ That's annoying, was it garlic bread?
It wasn't even garlic bread! It was generic bread to dip in soup!  \ What did you say to him after he did it?
My dad just started college again! \ Amazing! How old is he?
He's 45 and just going back now, to start his business degree. \ Good on him! For what it's worth I'm super proud of him! 
At night, my neighbors dog keeps barking and barking and I have no idea why. I've avoided bringing it up to him, but I'm trying to avoid drama. \ That must be annoying, what kind of dog?
It's a little terrier, but man can that thing bark! I don't know how my neighbor doesn't hear him. \ Maybe try asking the neighbor about him?
Can't believe I failed that test. \ Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of test was it?
It was calculus, very hard stuff for me. \ Calculus seems like very hard stuff for anyone. Don't feel too down. Just use this as motivation to study more!
It's quite hard but I plan to really tackle the next test and ace it. \ That's the spirit! Never quit and give up. Everyone fails sometimes.
I have a family reunion to go to in about two weeks. I'm so stoked. There are a lot of family members I haven't seen in a while and I'd love to catch up with. \ Do you have a rather large family?
I'd say so, yeah. So it's going to be a ton of fun. \ Will you have music and dance?
I have a business meeting today. \ Are you excited about it?
No, I am nervous because there is a mean person that will be there! \ Maybe you should confront them about it.
I'm gonna! \ Heck yeah. Tackle the issue head on! Maybe it'll workout and they'll try to be nicer.
You should be a counselor, thank you! \ Aw, thanks. I hope it all works out for you. Have a great day!
I just had a huge test that I was supposed to pass. I bragged to everyone that I would, but I don't think I did. \ Oh no what happened? Why don't you think you did well?
I spent so much time talking about studying and didn't really study that well. I think I'm gonna have to inquire about the grade, it's eating me up inside! \ I hope its better than you expect!
I had a speech I had to deliver at work in front of a big prospective client. \ Ooh that is rough having to prepare for. How do you think you did?
 I studied and memorized the speech for weeks and went over it thoroughly. When it came time to deliver the speech, I nailed it! \ That's awesome! I'm so glad to hear that! Hopefully this boosts your confidence for next time, now you know you can do it.
My girlfriend and I recently broke up.  It's hard being in a house by myself all the time \ oh its really frustrating and not fair
I used to be really good at being by myself, but I got so used to having someone around that it's weird for me now \ ok don't feel bad be happy and search for your future behalf
i feels surprised \ How so?
my boy friend gives me a birthday gift surprisingly  \ That's awesome!  I love getting surprises!  
My neighbor used to have an old beagle - a lovely pooch. He died of cancer just before Thanksgiving. I looked for him for weeks - I miss him. \ That's so sad.  I've lost dogs before.  I know how you feel :(
Yeah. I used to see him when I was out on my porch and he'd come out for a sniff around or a tinkle. He was so sweet and gentle. \ Yeah dogs are man's best friend.
They sure are. I actually prefer them to some humans I know! Do you have a dog at the moment? \ Yes I've got one.  She's a stray that showed up to work one day.
That's wonderful, that you were able to take her in. Good for you! More people should act like that. \ She's been a great dog. I've got no complaints or regrets.
The new Warcraft expansion comes out today. \ Warcraft - that's an online role play game, right?
Yes it is.  Its the most popular one of its type. \ I'm afraid I avoid those games - too addictive. I'd never get anything else done! Presumably you play.
I've played on and off for a long time.   As far as entertainment for $ spent, its a great deal. \ Hmm. Perhaps I should have a look then. I just have such an addictive personality - Hopeless!
Haha, maybe its a pool you don't want to dip your toe into. \ Oh, there are plenty of those, believe me, lol. At least you enjoy it tho'. That's good.
I just thought of this crazy time when I had a wardrobe malfunction of my own. Have you ever had one? \ not really
You're lucky! It's the worst! \ I know, is it like when I got my new car?
Probably not! I managed to show everyone my underwear by mistake. I've never had that happen when buying a car. What kind of car did you get? \ A ford mustang I always like muscle cars!
That's cool! My first car was a Firebird. They're so much fun but lousy on gas. \ Pontiac makes good cars. But more importantly your wardrobe mishap is a little funny, sorry. Hope everything worked out.
I just bought a new car and it looks great and drives smooth. \ That's awesome! Did you get a good deal?
Yes I did it has a lot of issues but I think that it is worth it to fix up. \ Some people enjoy fixing things. That will be fun if you're ready for it. What kind of car did you get?
Ford mustang it is a fun car to drive. Do you do a lot of your car repair jobs yourself? \ Not me. I'd be walking if i did. 
Yeah it is actually pretty easy and all that is neccessary is just watching yotube videos on it. I was surprised. \ YouTube makes things so much easier to learn. 
i was pissed to see a dent in my car door the other day \ Oh no!  What happened?
someone hit it at the grocery store \ Oh jeeze. Did they catch them on film?  Hopefully insurance will take care of it.
I was thinking about when we finally got to go pick up Rodimus after all that waiting!  I've never been so excited in my life.   \ what is that?
It's our Rotty pup! Sorry haha \ oh that explains it!
I had the nicest surprise last week! \ won the lottery?
I wish! It was my birthday and a friend surprised me with a cake!  \ well thats good too!
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ I love animals! What kind of pet does she have?
a bearded dragon \ Oh wow, that's unusual. 
I'm not a very good cook but sometimes my husband scares me with it! \ Oh wow haha that's not good
He was putting chocolate right into the chilli the other night!  \ That's an interesting combination, maybe you should try to keep him out of the kitchen
My son came home today and was working on his homework. \ What grade is he in?
In 7th and they're doing pre algebra. He said he didn't know it, then proceeded to get every question right! \ Awesome! That had to be a great confidence boost for him! 
I saw a child ask for a candy bar that the grocery store yesterday. The mother spanked the child in front over every one in the line! \ Wow when the child just asked?!
Yes! It was awful! Luckily the man behind her spoke up. I could tell she was embarrassed but I was furious at her! \ I'm only afraid that the mom is going to let out that embarassment on her child once they get home.
Got a bag of candy I'm polishing off. Diabetes be damned \ uh oh! Have you checked your sugar lately?
I haven't gotten a physical in over a year. \ After that bag of candy, you may want to!
I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. \ I'm jealous of you. I'm a little introverted and antisocial, and never got good at developing friendships where I could make them long-lasting and trustworthy. Good for you
I understand, I'm a bit introverted myself, it gets easier the more you do it though. \ Yeah, since I've been in college, I've been forced to socialize more and I'm getting better at it. It's a muscle just like anything else I guess, and you have to "work it out." 
Was able to pick up an additional scholarship to help with college tuition for this upcoming semester.. I guess any little bit helps, considering how much student loan debt I'm already in. \ That's great! Anything helps as you said, keep trying for more!
Yeah, it's kind of disgusting to see. Like, they send out emails every now and then to break it down what you have in loans so far... and it's not so fun to see the tens of thousands of dollars of debt just peeking at me from around the corner when I finally graduate. \ We certainly need to do better as a country to make higher education more affordable.
One time I saw someone's dog pooping in my lawn and they didn't pick it up! \ OMG that's so gross! 
Yes, I wanted to throw it back at them! \ That would be a memorable lesson to learn. The best lessons are learned that hard way, after all. 
I am so upset with my friend's new "relationship" \ Oh, what kind of relationship is it?
Well, she met a man online. He says he's going to marry her when he comes home from the Army but in the meantime, he's always asking her to send money to him.  \ Yikes, stop the relationship at all cost!
My girlfriend lost a lot of weight. \ Are you happy for her?
I totally am but also afraid that other people are hitting on her now. \ Well if you treat her right she won't go any where. 
I wa thinking about putting in for a transfer at my job \ Oh yea? Is it for higher pay or just needing a different scenery?
It actually both. I would moved to another city and get a raise. I dont know if  I should though \ Is the new city have a higher cost of living?
Just a few more hours until the work shift is over \ I feel you man.  I'm off in 1 hour and 11 minutes.  tick tock.
Oh hey, we on the same time clock. \ Its a small world... maybe we even work at the same place.
I walked around for half the day with my pants unzipped before I realized it. \ Oh god, I think we've all gone through that. Did you have nice undies on though?
I mean nice? Just normal boxers.   It could have been worse  \ Oh that's not too bad then!
I went to visit my sister who goes to college, and we ate at a soul food/southern style place. It was so crowded and loud, but when we sat down to order I was really surprised.  The food was really good, and super cheap for the portions we got. \ It's pretty good! Hope you had a good time!
It was really good! I'm not going back to Alabama any time soon, but if I did I'd be compelled to stop by there again. \ Sure. Visit again and suggest your friends too.
There is a new puppy in my home. \ Oh boy! Is it yours?
Yup. My husband brought it as a surprise. \ I love puppies. What kind of breed is it?
I lost my friend's dog. \ Have you tried driving around and looking for it? Or calling the neighbors for help? Maybe they have seen it.
I've been searching all night. I'm on hold right now with the local shelter. \ I hope they are able to locate him! Check to see if your friend had it microchipped.
I used the bathroom at Walmart the other day. I walked around the store for about 30 minutes before I realized I had toilet paper stuck to my shoe!!! \ Oh god. That's kinda gross.
I felt gross hahaha I kicked it off of my shoe and stuffed it under a rack. I hope know one saw. \ Rest in peace whoever touches that rack.
It has been so tough ever since I moved away from home.  \ It is tough! Do you have family nearby?
No, no one. It's hard meeting new people.  \ That would be hard. 
My son just started a new school.  The communication with them has been terrible! \ Oh dear. How do they let the parents know what's going on?
I sometimes find out but it seems so disorganized! \ That sounds really frustrating. I'm sorry that's happening!
My brother and his wife just had his first baby, I am over the moon for them! \ Cool. Girl or boy?
It was a boy, the named him Ralph.  It suits him somehow. \ Are yo going to spoil him?
Not much, I've got to spoil my own kids and I can barely afford that. \ I know what you mean lol
My car has worked in months and now school has started \ Oh boy, what are you going to do?  Do you have a good bus system you can use?
No. The school is close. But there are like 5 hills. I hate it lol \ I hear you!  I hate physical activity that seems unnecessary. 
I think I might enroll her in daycare justs for the ride to school \ HAHAHAHAHA.  I love that plan!
We just lost everything in our basement in a flood. We had torrential rain all week long.. \ Oh goodness! That is terrible to hear! Have you contacted someone to help clean it up? That can easily cause mold.
I don't have money to hire help.  My husband and I are trying to clear it out ourselves but we lost a lot of stuff, even part of our business was down there. \ Try seeing if your insurance with cover it. If not grab a shop vac or 2! They are great at sucking up water out of tight spaces
We went to the lagoon a few weeks ago. My friends dared me to jump off of the highest cliff into the water. \ Oh wow.  Terrifying.  All I think of is Johnny Erricson Tada, who broke her neck in that situation. Did you do it?
That was what I was worried about! I ended up not jumping off of the highest one. I was too scared. I did jump off of the smallest one. That was really fun! \ You did the right thing!  Oh fun!  I'm glad you were safe and had a blast! 
I've been taking care of my youngest daughter today. She has a cold. \ That's a bummer.  Did you make her chicken noodle soup
She hates soup, so no. But she's resting nicely. \ That's good she's got a nurturing / caring mom, I know some pretty bad parents out there
This Starbucks I used to go to had horrible service--so I would always be ready with a free drink or sandwich in mind in case they forgot my order.  Worked every time lol \ They never learn, do they ?
This one did eventually. \ Oh well, we tried didn't we.
I felt bad for my friend. They were going through hard times so I bought them dinner \ That's so nice of you to be supportive to your friend through struggles.  Is it a long time struggle or something sudden?
It was something new and sudden \ That's awful.  Its so good they have someone like you who is there for them when they need you most.
I am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, I pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk. \ Oh well, you will get it clean
Yeah, I'm still trying to tackle it but it kind of makes me want to gag. \ I guess try and get those done first
I have a test coming up in one of my classes this week. \ Do you feel ready for it?
Oh yeah, I'm definitely ready. I know I'm going to pass. \ Awesome, hope it goes as planned!
I recently got promoted at work. \ Congratulations! I bet you're happy.
I am, I super excited to start in my new position! \ I'm super happy for you! You'll do great.
I glad to see my daughter as a dancer. \ That is great, what kind of dancer is she?
folk dancer and she won a medal in that too. \ I'm impressed, where did she win the medal?
My daughter fell on the sidewalk yesterday and skinned her knee pretty bad. \ That's awful. Is she alright now?
Yeah, after a couple of hours of bandaging and pampering she started to feel better. \ Hope she will be fine soon!
I hear gun shots last night when I was sleeping. I felt pretty scared \ That is pretty unsettling.  Whereabouts do you live
I live in an okay neighborhood, that is what was so unsettling \ I used to live close to North Minneapolis and I would always hear people fighting in the streets and every once in a while a gunshot.  Got pretty desensitized to it though
When I feel a bunch of eyes on me in a room full of people it never really fazes me.  Especially if they're mostly cute girls and I just got a clean fade \ What is a clean fade
A haircut. \ Oh it sounds kind of cool
I miss getting my nails done \ That's a shame. What is it that prevents you from getting them done?
I can't afford it. I get upset when I see cute nails now. \ Financial constraints are definitely a good reason. Maybe one of your friends could help you out.
I saw one of my friends play in his rec basketball league and did very well. \ Cool Do they have tournaments?
Yeah they do have tournaments, but the game that I watched was a regular season game. They ended up winning \ Do you play too?
Not in a league like that just recreationally with friends. I am not good. \ Me either lol. I wold be a good water boy lol
A while back, I had a car accident and it broke my ankle. I've recovered since then, but I've never been able to walk around like I used to. Last week I did my longest walk since the accident though, so I feel really good about that. \ Thats some really good progress right there
Thanks! It's weird because I never really wanted to run or anything before, but when I realized I might never be able to really run like I used to could, it really bummed me out. \ I guess that could make you regret even the things you never thought og
I felt pretty interested after hearing someone speak at my church yesterday. They knew what they were talking about \ What was the basic jist of what they were saying?
It was mostly talking about being charitable \ That's something I personally struggle with. I never feel like I have enough money to hand out, but there's many people worse off than me who could use it.
So proud of my friend for making the hockey team. \ That is amazing, what level is the team?
It's a major junior team in Canada. \ That is even more impressive!  I know they take hockey seriously up there, so your friend must be pretty darn good.
He really is, hoping to make the NHL some day. \ I hope he does.  It would be good to have a friend in the NHL!
My daughter just had her first piano lesson today. \ You must be some proud of that.
I really am.  I have been listening to her practicing for the last couple of hours.  She is better than I thought she would be after one lesson. \ Do you think she has a future in music?
I've been training hard for a marathon next week, and I am beating my record time! \ That's amazing! How long have you been running?
For a few months now, but I've been training pretty hard just these past few months. \ That's pretty cool. I hope you win!
I had about 6 or 7 hummingbirds in my yard the other day feeding. \ Oh how exciting! Did you take any pictures?
No. my camera isn't good enough to get good pictures, they are so small. \ Awww...that's a bit disappointing, but really cool that you got to see them!
I felt pretty good going to meet my friends for beers last night. I almost felt cocky \ Nice were they guy friends or girl friends
Guy friends for the most part \ Why did you feel cocky...did you talk to any hotties at the bar or what
When I see a bunch of cute girls dancing at the club I try not to start hitting on all of them at the same time...I wait til the one who's been dancing the craziest and most sensual finishes dancing then I start chatting her up after \ Oh, how do they go for that?
...what \ Do they like you doing that?
Every time. \ I do not believe that
The burrito I baught from the vending machine was expired. \ I hate when that happens, did you try to get a refund?
I have to put a post it note on the vending machine and the guy will call my desk next time he stocks the machine. \ Well, hopefully they get it resolved. Does not help your lunch today however.
I was trying to buy a piece of property that came up on the market, but someone put in a bid before I got a chance and it has already sold. \ The market can be competitive if the price is right. They'll sell immediatley.
It is a piece of property that my grandfather owned and I pretty much grew up on, I would have really liked to have owned it. \ That would have been awesome if you got it.
When we went grocery shopping the other night some girl starting talking to my husband, giggling, and all that. He tried to be polite, but, she just wouldn't sto[p and I got so mad. \ I don't blame you!  I would've been furious if some girl was talking to my husband that way.  Ridulous how awful some people are.
I just finally cracked a joke about us needing to get to the grandkids party.  \ Ha ha, that's a good one.  
My kids are now officially gone to college and my husband is away on a 4 day business trip. Its so quiet. \ I would hate that. Luckily my dog makes enough noise for 5! My kids are grown and gone, too.
Ha ha.  I was thinking about getting a dog.  What kind do you have?  Oh, so you know exactly how I'm feeling. \ Pit/wolf hybrid. She helps so much.
I've been waiting all day for this maintenance guy to come. They guaranteed me he would come within this 3-hour window, and that it would be today. Looks like it'll be neither. Love wasting time! \ gosh that is horrible! Did you try to call the company? next time chooe a company that guarantees they will come or the service is free
It's for internet. Not much I can do in terms of calling other people to come. They just gave me some standard excuse, and told me that they'd be there at some point soon. I wish there was more selection for ISPs! \ oh yes, i understand, i had no choice either. there is only one provider in my area
I'm very socially awkward and tomorrow i'm going to have a playdate with some local moms and i'm so anxious \ I'm right there with you.. I still feel pretty introverted, but since coming to college, I've been forced to socialize more, and it's help me at least "fake it until I make it." I still prefer to be alone a lot of the time, but at least I can somewhat manage without making myself look dumb. Maybe you can just think of some topics/things to talk about to have in the back of your head for the times when things get quiet?
that's a great idea! thank you for a great advice.  \ I hope it goes well! If it makes you feel any better, most of them are probably just as nervous and are looking for any excuse to relax and let their guard down, too. Good luck
I love going to concerts. Who did you go see and where was the venue? \ Just last week at one of the casinos. It was a grand night.
I'm a huge fan of casinos! My favorite game is blackjack. What's yours? \ I like the slots. Especially video poker.
I worked for weeks on a presentation for work. I practiced over and over. I felt relaxed the morning of. \ That's good! That probably means you worked on it until it became something you're proud of.
You are right! I was really proud of it! I'm glad I worked so hard on it. It lessened the anxiety that I usually have! \ Maybe I could learn from that. I get really nervous when I have to do any public speaking, so maybe if I just prepared for it better it would help.
My youngest sister has her learner's permit so I've been trying to teach her how to drive. You don't know true terror until you're in the passenger's seat of a 16 year old's car \ I'm dealing with the same thing right now! I had to teach her how to parralel park yesterday! It is terrifying! 
Oh heck, I can just barely parallel park. I'm dreading teaching my sister that one, oh boy.. \ You can take her to the DMV when they are closed! They will allow you to use there set up to help.
My dad loved this time of year. So it makes me think of him and miss him \ I'm so sorry to hear that. How long has it been if I may ask?
He passed away a little over 3 years ago \ I am very sure he was proud of you, and cherished every moment he could spend with you while he was alive.
I put in some applications to rent out my local park for a reunion with my cousins and such. I think I got a great deal. \ That sounds like a fun event
Yeah it's going to be a great time. I hope the permit comes back soon but I'm not worried at all. Should be fast. \ I am sure you will get it soon as well
I just found the most honest car mechanic. \ That's more rare than diamonds.  You'd better hold on to him
I will.  I told him what I thought was wrong and it would have cost me $2000, but he got me out for $20.  It was amazing. \ Awesome.  Can I get his number ;)
I get off work in 45 minutes. I can't wait. \ There is no better feeling than getting off of work!
Tell me about it. I'm dying to get home. \ Maybe you can knock off 43 minutes early.
I wish, Managment's not gonna let that slide, eventhough they do it themselves. \ That is the worst!
I was under the impression that my friends would pay me back. \ What did they do to you?
They owed me money but never paid me back. I suppose it's not a huge deal though. \ It happens sometimes. you may ask them directly to pay back.
I had a high hopes for my son. But he fails to reach it. \ That's too bad. What age is he?
18 years old. He didn't pass in his final exams. \ Oh no! Does he have the option of taking it again?
My in-laws just suddenly showed up yesterday and said they were staying for the week. I had no warning at all but I guess they were trying to make it fun, ha ha. \ Oh no! I would have a heart attack! Are you able to take time away from life so unexpectedly to spend time with them?
Not really, but my husband is going to try to get some time off if he can.  Its hard in the summer since so many other people at his work have planned vacations. I did have a heart attck and ran around like a crazy person cleaning upstairs before they came up. \ hahaha I would have been like a mad woman trying to clean too! I hope it works out and your husband can take time off!
I worked with daughter for months with learning her multiplication tables. We've practiced and practiced and she still doesn't know them all! \ I totally get that.  I'm in the same place with my daughter.  I home school and she's learning them too. Give it time and she'll get it soon.  Its so much to memorize at once! 
We homeschool too! I hope she can get them soon! It will make this year's math so much easier! \ That's awesome!  She will!  The best thing about homeschooling is that they can learn more at their own pace.  I'm not looking forward to division! ha ha
There's this tree outside of my apartment bedroom window, and sometimes when the wind blows just right, it taps against the window and startles me. \ Have you thought about cutting it down?
It's not my tree to cut down, unfortunately. I'd at least like to prunce it a bit; the silouette it makes at night looks a lot like a person outside my window. \ Sounds pretty creepy
I'm going on a hiking trip soon \ Do you hike very often?
Here and there when I have time \ I've never been hiking, really! I'd like to go some day.
I graudated with a chemistry degree this year. \ Impressive, what do you plan to do with the degree?
Get a job. We've got a pretty big chemical plant complex near by so, hopefully i'll get a job there. \ Cool, I hope you find success, and that your hard work pays off. 
I recently went to ruby falls, an underground cavern with a waterfall.  \ That sounds awesome. Have you ever been before?
Not that particular one, no. I had butterflies in my stomach on that elevator going down 23 stories. \ I wish I could go sometime that sounds like quite the experience.
Someone at work threw my lunch away today. \ That's the worst, what did you eat then?
Nothing, I just had to pay all my bills, and I don't get paid until tomorrow, so I was just out of luck. \ Oh no! You should try to find the culprit and confront them
Sometimes my boyfriend cooks, and the food tastes pretty gross \ Hahahahaha.  I'm sorry for laughing, but that struck me as funny.  Is he trying his best, or is he trying to get the point across that he shouldn't be cooking?
No, he's seriously trying. I eat it because I love him but I should really send him to a cooking class, haha \ That might be a good Christmas present.  You could do it as a couple.  I did one of those with my wife last year and it was a blast.
Wildfire blew a lot of smoke over our city, it was hard to see on the road \ I hear those wildfires are getting really bad. I hope they don't affect you too badly.
I hope so too, the sky is so gloomy and it's hard to see traffic. Dangerous to drive right now. \ Drive safe! I really hope they can get those wildfires under control soon. 
My manager at work told me that I should expect good news soon and to meet him in his office tomorrow when I come in for work. I'm expecting it to be about a promotion I've been eagerly waiting for. \ Oh, I'm so excited for you! I hope you get a raise too!
Thanks! I'm not 100% sure it is a promotion, but I'm keeping my fingers crossed! \ Me too! As long as it's not bad news right?
I homeschool and am used to schooling one child but now I started 2 kids in school this year and I'm not sure if I'll be able to juggle it well. \ That would be hard, can one work independently? 
For some things they both can work independently so I'm trying to pair those subjects up and then do some subjects together with both of them.  I hope I'm doing well enough! \ I'm sure you are doing an amazing job, you seem to care which makes you a great parent.
I scrapbook pictures of my son and I am a few years behind! \ Oh, such fun!  Do you have all the Stamp It Up scrapbooking things I hear so much about? I bet it can be hard to keep it updated! They grow so fast!
My son just started school all day, so I plan to start scrapbooking.  I don't use Stamp It Up though. \ Perfect!  Now you'll be caught up in no time.  I know you'll be so gratified to finish and be able to look at all of them when he's much older.
I took my girlfriend to my school dance the other night. It was truly a magical experience! \ That is great. Some of the best romantic experiences are at school dances.
Oh, you're telling me. When the first slow dance came on, I thought my heart was going to burst. \ Sounds like you had a wonderful night. I am sure she felt the same way.
I was looking to adopt a dog and found one that I loved. By the time I was ready to adopt and get to the rescue shelter, somehow else had adopted the dog. \ Awwww, well that;s too bad. Hopefully the owner is as loving towards it as you would have been. What kind of dog was it?
I am sure that he found a good home. He was a lab and hound mix, about 1 years old. \ Sounds like a fun dog to have! Maybe you can check out some more shelters and find a similar one?
I was extremely angry on my dog. \ I am sorry to hear that, what did you dog do to make you angry?
He spoiled my garden. It became mess. \ I hate to hear that, hopefully you were able to get your garden lined out.
This past weekend, my cat Sam passed away, he was 17 years old. \ So sorry to hear of Sam's passing.
Yeah,it's been really strange the past few days without him asleep on my feet while I work. \ May your many memories of Sam help you to sustain at this difficult time.
Once at a swimming competition, I had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people \ Oh my goodness, that must have been humiliating.  What did you do?
I ran to the dressing room as fast as possible. At least I placed 3rd? Haha \ Did it happen after you got out of the pool?
Yeah, I didn't realize till I got out of the water \ I am so sorry that happened to you.
I went to a buffet the other day and they kicked me out for eating too much. \ Oh my gosh, that's the dream haha. What did you eat the most of?
The crazy part is I'm a vegan, but I had like 20 salads.  I guess it was too much! hahahaha. \ Wow, that's dedication. I guess those plates add up. That's not a very nice policy for a restaurant to have.
I got a spot bonus at work today. \ Awesome, what was it for?
Being reasonably competent, unlike most of my co-workers. \ Be grateful. Most people don't have a team to make them look good by comparison.
You don't know true terror until the thought enters your head, "My kids are being exceptionally quiet today..." \ Don't look a gift horse in the mouth ;D
It's never good. Best case scenario, one room of your house will look like a bomb went off. Otherwise, mud, food, drink, poop will be anywhere/everywhere. FEAR! \ hahaha.   Kids are wonderful. 
i took my pharmacy tech certification test last week, but almost wasnt able to because i couldnt afford the $200 fee for the test. my aunt heard and reached out and paid it for me as a gift. \ Well that's wonderful that you had a supporting aunt like that. How do you think you did on your test?
i did very well i was prepared. i was thinking id have to wait a couple months for the next session. but good thing i was able to get it out of the way \ Well, I'm real glad for you! You should make your aunt a pie or something sometime.
I took my son to the lake the other day, and we ended up skipping rocks. I don't know why people skip rocks; it's not really fun or anything, but we did it. It reminded me of my grandfather and I when I was a kid, and we'd do the same thing. \ haha..yeah it is kid of pointless but it is a little fun as a kid. im sure your son will remember 
Yeah, I hope so. You never really know what kind of moments someone is going to remember. I remember all sorts of things that weren't really important, but I guess they were important to me at the time. \ i agree. i remember a lot of obscure things that my parents are surprised i remember.
I have nothing to complain about. Life is good. \ That is awesome.  I'm with you on that.  Tough times might pop up now and then but life really is great.  I don't like to take it for granted.
No point in being a pessimist. \ Exactly! You'll go far with that attitude!  
One more month and I get to go on a vacation to the beach! Its been 5 years so I'm chomping at the bit! Yay! \ Excellent! Which beach?
Outer Banks, North Carolina.  I love that area!  We'll be in Corolla. \ I'm jealous.
I am pretty happy we are taking a trip at the end of the month. I am going to need it \ where are you guys going? 
We are going back home to Louisiana to see friends and family \ that's awesome! how long are you staying there? i'm sure you will enjoy your time. i went to mississippi a couple of months ago to see my family, it was so awesome
I love rain. i'm sitting on the balcony and enjoying the sound and the smell of the rain, so relaxing \ Do you sleep better when it rains too?
I don't sleep at all lol i have a little baby who wakes up every couple of hours, but i do love to sleep listening to the rain \ Oh well at least you get to listen to it now
I baked a cake for my boyfriend's birthday and it turned out to be so delicious! He was so excited.  \ Mmm, now you're making me hungry for cake. What kind of cake was it?
Black forest cake! It happens to be both our favorite kind of cake. I made it from scratch. What's your favorite cake?  \ Personally I'm a huge fan of red velvet, but black forest is amazing too!
I dropped my phone in the toilet last night and now it's not functioning right. I also didn't have insurance on it which is a huge bummer, because this phone was expensive! \ Oh no! Have you tried the old "put it in a bag of rice" trick?
It's actually in a bag of rice right now. I'm trying not to get my hopes up though, I'm bummed out enough as is. \ Give it a few days (even though it feels like a million). I'll cross my fingers for you! I'm so sorry, that is a huge bummer!
I dropped a bowl of mashed potatoes and it smashed all over the floor \ oh no! i'm sorry to hear that. I wish i could come over and help you clean up
Thanks, you're so sweet. It was fine, my boyfriend helped me clean it up. \ that's good. what are you having for dinner?
i'm preparing to run a marathon. i'm not a runner and never participated in any race but i think i can do it! \ Oof, are you sure you don't want to try a half marathon first? You'll need to train quite a bit before doing a full marathon
i've been training for the past 4 months and i already signed up and paid for this marathon so i have no choice lol \ Oh! Well then stay hydrated! I hope you do well!
work transferred me to a new city. its nice so far but i dont know a single person \ Don't worry. Soon you'll get good friends.
i know.its just that initial breaking in phase. have to meet new people and see what is around my new city \ Yeah, you should explore it!
I'm expecting a good score in my exams. \ glad to hear that. im guessing you have studied hard?
Yeah and I did exams well. \ congratulations!! im glad to hear that. was the exam hard?
I don't really have much direction in my life right now, I'm just trying to keep my head above water because I don't really have any other option. \ Oh no that is terrible. Is there anyone near you that could be of help? Maybe a family member or someone that can lend a hand or ear? I'm so sorry to hear this.
I've asked pretty much everyone in my family for help, and it seems the answer from all of them is that they can't afford it financially right now. \ I know it means swallowing some pride, but if it's financial help you need, perhaps you could go the route of Gofundme? or maybe government services? I know it might be embarrassing to some people, but sometimes your back is against the wall you have nothing to lose.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting I had a technical issue. I just got a new deep fryer, and I fried my very first turkey today. I know it doesn't seem like much, but I am very excited about it. \ I'm happy that you got a new turkey friar and fried your first turkey. You do seem like you would enjoy that. 
Thank you for understanding. It's been annoying my family but I bet they're excited for me as well. I love frying birds that's for sure haha. \ Hey, some people are on this planet to fry birds, and some people aren't. I guess that's just how it is.
I got my promotion results back the other day and I didn't get selected. I was so angry because I know I am a great employee. \ Sorry about that. Did you talk to your manager to understand why you did got selected?
I did talk to my manager about it and he had some kind words to say. Turns out she was better qualified than I. I just have to work harder! \ I hope you get it next year. Good luck.
Tomorow, I am starting a trip of six months to visit different country. I am so happy and I cannot sleep. \ I recently got back from a trip abroad as well! Traveling is a blast. Where are you going?
I am visiting France, Egypt, Thailand, India. I having saving money for this for the last four years \ Dang, now that sounds like a swell adventure. Which one are you most excited to visit?
Three of my friends are due to have babies and I still haven't been able to get pregnant. I don't understand how they get pregnant so easily and nothing is wrong with me. \ I understand how you feel.  My sister struggled to get pregnant. She did invitro twice.   
I'm on my 5th cycle of invitro.  Did she have a baby? \ The first one didn't work. Apparently the second one did.... but that's supposed to be a secret for now.  She's supposed to surprise me and my father with shirts....  my mom is a loud mouth and spilled the beans though.
Congratulations to her!  That gives me hope.  You hear so many kinds of stories.  That sounds like such fun!  I don't be telling my mom either until we're ready. ha ha. \ Yeah.  Apparently she's just as bad as my sisters's Mother in law.  She spent a good amount of time complaining about it.
I'm looking forward to going home and relaxing on the couch. \ Sounds wonderful!  Nothing better than putting your feet up at the end of the day.  Think you might watch some tv?
You bet.  That's the plan. \ Hope you have an enjoyable evening and relaxing sleep!  Love me some tv too!  I'm watch Great Food Truck Race tonight!
I felt so bad when I had to board my dog while I was on vacation. It made me feel like a bad dog mom!  \ Aww, I know that can be hard, but you can't be too hard on yourself.  Sometimes you don't have a choice.
I know. She was so excited when we came home though which made us feel a bit better.  \ Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
My son peed on me the other night. \ Oh no! I'm sure it was awful at the time, but it'll be a good story when he grows up!
I know!  Both of my kids are completely out of it when they wake up in the middle of the night, so I went to help him and he peed on me. \ That is too funny. They'll grow out of it soon enough!
I'm happy with the person that I grew up to be. \ What are some of your best traits?
I'm healthy! \ Do you exercise often?
Can't believe my friend made the team and I did not. \ That sucks. What type of team?
Hockey team, I did my best and it wasn't enough. \ I'm sorry.
My nephew came over today and I noticed he was wearing an outfit that I had given to my sister years ago when my own son grew out of it. It reminded me of the times when my son was still a toddler.  \ That's amazing, how old is your son these days?
He's 14 now. So it was some time ago! I held onto the clothes until I found out my sister was having a boy. Brings back so many memories seeing the outfit on my nephew. \ That's nice that you can share things like that, it seems like your family is very close!
I had some hesitations when I was at the gym today, thought I wouldn't be able to handle the weights \ How'd it turn out? Congrats on deciding to lead a healthier life, by the way.
I decided to focus on the music that was blasting, just tried switching up what I play in the gym, it sounds like vikings are bringing me into battle \ I'm the exact same way in the gym. Music is a huge motivator for me. One time my phone died while in the gym and the rest of the workout was so low energy.
Hello! I just got a new neighbor who seems very nice. I have to leave town for a bit, and they offered to watch after my pets. I'm going out on a limb doing this but I've accepted their offer. \ That sounds risky but at the same time if it works out convenient! 
Yeah the convenience is certainly weighing heavily on my decision making, but they seemed nice and they have pets of their own. I hope it works out. \ I am sure it will be fine!  It's not like you don't know where they live haha
So we finally found the perfect Rotty breeder and we got to pick up our puppy this week! \ Oh boy that is great news! I hope you didn't drop a pretty penny on it! Haha, and even if you did, dogs are worth it.
No he was the runt so we got him on the cheap side!  He is sooooo sweet!  I am so happy \ Hey runts are the best! They need love too. Either way, I'm glad you were paired up with the perfect companion.
One time I cried at work because I was really stressed about a project \ I've never cried at work, but I've wanted to lol.
Aww, yeah sometimes our emotions are hard to control \ Yeah they can be. But, sometimes you just got to tough it out.
Have you ever been in a car crash before? \ Yeah I have, it wasn't serious but I got rearended
I got T-boned once, I'll never forget spinning around in that car, hearing the tires squalling. It was really scary. \ That's terrifying, I'm so glad you're okay
I like to volunteer at the local animal shelter \ You're doing good.
Thanks, I really like cats, so it's fun for me too \ Lovely. I too love pets.
My parents went to abroad. \ Where did they go?
London, for business need. So my sister is taking care of me and home. \ Oh that's nice, you guys get to throw a party if you want haha
I love going to Disney World. It makes me remember all the wonderful memories I made there as a child. \ I've never been, but it looks like so much fun.
It is a great place for both kids and adults! I don't have any kids yet, but can't wait to bring mine when I have them someday.  \ It would be so much fun to go there as a family.
My wife has been really sad here recently, I've had to hold her while she cries herself to sleep at night. \ That is very sad. Did something recently happen to her? 
Shes lost a lot of loved ones this summer. We've been to 4 funerals, and the most recent one was really hard on her. \ That is absolutely horrible. I hope she has a moment of happiness very soon. No one should have to deal with that much loss. 
I have to go to jury duty later this week. I am real nervous about it \ I bet you'll do great.  I would be nervous too.  Hopefully it won't be anything too serious and more cut and dry decision.  Have you gone before?
I have gone way back in the day, I honestly don't remember what happened \ i have never been before since I was either very ill or had babies/kids.  Good luck and don't stress too much. You'll be great!
I had to go to the hospital last month when i got really sick and I was charged 400 dollars more than they said it would be. I am ticked off to say the least. \ I hate when they do that. They make it so hard to pay for
I didn't even agree to half the tests that they ran.  It gets my blood boiling and yes, it's so stressful.  I usually avoid going at all cost. \ They sound like a shady hospital to me
My bank, which I've had a savings account with for over 10 years has been deducting $15/month from me for "inactivity". How about that? \ Death by a thousand cuts, I call it! They'll try to make a buck off anything!
Very true. They didn't even tell me. That was the last thing I expected! I only just decided to use it again. \ Did you try talking to them about it? I can only assume it wouldn't go well but you never know.
I got told on short notice that I've got a bunch of people coming over to eat dinner. I just got back from the store and I'm ready to do this! \ Oh boy. I know just how you feel. Could you persuade them to go to a restaurant?
At first I was really nervous about it, but I'm in a groove now and I just hope they're satisfied. Bring it on, I say. \ Good for you! I'd be so busy yelling at my husband I'd forget to cook, lol. Do you know them well?
I certainly do, which makes it easier for sure. \ Well, that's at least something! It's when he decides to invite the boss and his wife over when you'd decided dinner was mac n' cheese - that's when it gets hairy!
Yesterday, my dog managed to perform a trick I have been trying to teach her for months. I was so proud that she did it! \ Dogs are so much fun. It is amazing how smart they are.
They are! Especially my little Yorkie. I'm trying to teach her how to hunt for mice around our house now. \ Little dogs are so much fun. I have a big dog and a little one.
Sometimes when I am out in public, my son throws a tantrum. \ Oh yeah I am right there with you, I just don't even go out anymore if I can help it! How old is yours? Mines 2 1/2
Mine is 5.  Every now and then, he says a curse word, uses it properly too! \ They are too smart for their own good
My Husky was out in my backyard thats been her yard for over 2 years now and she randomly jumped over the 4ft chain link fence. I had no idea that was possible but she saw a stupid duck and I guess needed to chase after it. \ That would be scary! Were you able to catch her?
Well the area behind my fence is a big grassy area with a pond and its really mostly closed off by other peoples fences that come together in the back, so yeah I was able to get her with a couple pieces of bacon. Lol \ That's good, there is nothing scarier than a fur baby missing!
Have you ever had a friend or loved one commit suicide. \ Yes, I have.  One that actually died and one that was miraculously saved.  It was a dark and tough time.  Did that happen to you recently?
Yes, my brother in law/childhood friend took his own life. Its been very hard to comes to terms with. \ I am soo soo very sorry.  Its so hard to understand everything surrounding a suicide so its hard to be at peace about something that didn't have to happen.  I pray you and your family will find closure and fight for awareness for people who are struggling with those feelings.
I just started learning to rock climb at a local indoor climbing facility near me and finally got to the top of the tallest wall! \ Wow, thats so cool! I wish i could rock climb.
I have struggled with chronic pain for over 13 years and almost died from my autoimmune condition.  I decided I would fight and work my way to do things I would never do.  This was one of them. \ I can understand that. I have MS so I'm no stranger to autoimmune diseases.
Have you ever had a new puppy? \ Yeah, I have. Do you?
Yeah, he keeps pooping in the floor! He's learning to go outside, but I'm so tired of stepping in doggy poo at 3am! \ It happens. Hope your dog will poop outside soon.
I lied to my mom. \ Why did you lie to her?
I had 2 ice creams. But lied that I didn't have any. Since she scold me. \ Oh, well you a very naughty person.
I have to take a foreign language for college this semester. I'm not really looking forward to it because I feel like I'm going to embarrass myself trying to speak the language in front of everyone when we have to talk \ That would be tough. I think I was one of the last one's not required to take foreign language.
Yeah, I don't know if it's just my specific college's requirement or what.. I can see it being useful in my major since I'll have to interact with people in my profession, and some of them could be foreign. It's still nerve-wracking. \ I wish you the best in dealing with this.
I'm looking forward to the upcoming weekend. \ I hear you on that. I'm visiting my girlfriend, but she still has to work, so the weekend is really the only time we can hang out. Do you have any special plans?
I think I'll go swimming. \ That's a good idea. We actually did that last weekend. I guess it makes sense to do that as much as you can before summer is over. I hope you have a nice time!
Really not looking forward to taking my public speech class in college this semester. I feel like I'm going to get up there and vomit all over myself. Last time I had to talk in front of a group of people, I was so nervous, people were laughing because my knees were visibly shaking. \ Oh my gosh, I feel the same to be honest. I hate, hate talking in front of a crowd.
The best I can do is incorporate humor into my speeches so that I feel like it's taking some weight off of me. But then there will be times where no one laughs at my jokes.. \ I'm sure you'll be fine, just try to practice as much as possible beforehand
My cat sat on my bag right after she came out of her litter box, gross \ I'm sorry, but that made me laugh a little bit. I've never been able to get into the idea of cats as pets just because they're so independent and determined to do whatever the want. Doesn't seem like they can listen to any direction you try to give them.
It's true, she doesn't listen to a thing I say, but I just love her so much, she has such a sassy personality \ Yeah, it works for some people. I'm glad it works for you. I like my pets to be a little more needy and affectionate, but sometimes sassy can be really fun and keep things interesting and lively.
I cant wait to go on vacation this week. Its all I can think about right now. \ That sounds exciting - where are you going!?
I am going to the beach. I cant wait to be with all of my friends out there. \ I love the beach, being on the Gulf Coast is probably my favorite.  I hope you have a great time!
My daughter needed a computer for school and we were trying to figure out what to get her that would make it all the way through college. \ Have you been reading reviews online?
We did a lot of research - and then my dad just up and gave her a Surface Pro - complete with keyboard, the MS Office suite, pen, case, everything! \ Whoa. That sounds like a very nice computer. What a surprise. That should work out pretty well.
I've been doing a ton of research and I think I'm finally going to take the first steps to begin investing in the stock market and try my hand at day trading. \ Hey! Good luck to you! That's got to be tough! 
It's a very complex subject, but I think I've gained a solid understanding of the ins and outs. I guess I won't know if the research paid off until I try! \ For what it's worth I'm proud of you! 
I store my chocolate in the fridge to make sure that it stays cold and solid. I was storing my last piece in there \ Always sucks when you forget to save it and wake up to a melted blob of brown.
Last night I wasn't in a great mood and wanted that last piece to help cheer me up a bit and it was gone!  \ Oh wow! I HATE when you get the urge to eat something and then you get to the fridge only to realize it's gone. Do you know who ate it?
I'm long-distance with my girlfriend right now, where she lives almost 1,000 miles away. I live on the east coast, she lives in the midwest. She has a good job, and I'll just be graduating college, so she's established. She's determined that I need to move to her, but I don't feel great about the idea. \ That is a pretty big decision to make. Did she spring this up on you or was this something you knew she'd eventually want?
Nah, wasn't a surprise. We've been long distance for like six years. But she does have a lot of logic on her side.. She has a good job. But I feel like I'm closer with my family, and that the east coast is nicer to live near. I just don't really want to move, is all \ I hope you can figure out a way to make things work out! Sounds like you're stuck between a rock and a hard place.
I'm an aspiring actor and I have yet to land any large roles. I feel like I've been doing well and I've been at this for at least two years now. \ That profession takes a lot of courage and a unique set of skills and personality. That's pretty cool that you took that route--sometimes I think about the "what if" of if I took that route. Pretty sure most people have that fantasy, but only the people brave enough actually go on the path to do it, like you
I've always been on the mind set of going after your dreams rather than living a life of autonomy. But I can't say that I'm not a little let down so far and questioning my choice. I guess I need to look at the long term, two years isn't that long for something like this. \ Well, at the very least, from the little that you've said, you seem very self-aware. That's a very underrated trait for people to have and to develop.. so whatever it is you decide, it seems like you'll be efficient at seeing it through. Good luck!
I ran into my neighbor's mailbox with my car but didn't stop and leave a note. \ Thats horrible! You should tell them as that is their property. What if someone did that to your stuff?
I agree, I felt so bad about it. When I saw him replacing it, I went out and confessed. \ GOOD on you!!
I was able to go buy a dog bed today and a few others things I needed/wanted. \ Ooh, that's awesome. It's great when you can spend a little extra on the fun things.
I haven't always been able to do that. It's nice to be able to get stuff when you are all set with bills and making a comfortable income. I know right? \ Congratulations, I'm glad to hear you've been able to accomplish that for yourself. :)
I was just about to make a sandwich to eat, when I discovered something really gross. \ what did you see? please don't tell me there was a bug in your bread
No, there weren't any bugs. But there was mold. \ ewwww, so nasty! i almost ate a molded avocado today. good thing i noticed before scooping it
i'm so stressed. we are struggling financially and i don't even know how are we going to pay rent this month \ I know how you feel, financial problems are rough. I know you'll figure out a way to make it.
thank you for your support! and to make things worse i broke a ceiling light yesterday and we are renting this apartment so i have to replace it and it's expensive \ That really stinks! Don't worry too much though, things will work out.
Today as soon as I got to work I got sick. I have a new coworker that stepped in and helped me out. Her works looks good but I'm nervous. \ Well, I hope you are feeling better. What makes you so nervous? Are you worried your superiors will look down on you leaving early?
No we are allowed to help each other but I'm worried his code will not pass once the program is done.  \ I'm sure you can get in tomorrow and see how it looks. You can work together to make sure it works!
This time of year takes me back to when I was a kid. I always looked forward to football with my dad \ I always wished I could do that with my dad. But he had a stroke in his 40s, and was never in good enough health to do it with me. That and I was kind of shy and introverted, so I never made friends to do it with, either. It stinks to miss the memories, but I'm glad to hear you got to have them
Memories are always nice to have \ Maybe you can look forward to using it as motivation to doing those sorts of things with your kids in the future, if you choose to have them? 
Have to do a long road trip tomorrow to visit an ailing family member, but the scary part is it's set to be thunderstorming for a big stretch of the drive. I've never done well driving in the rain \ Just try and drive carefully then. Maybe the weather will change by then
Yeah, I'll do my best. Just don't want my anxiety to get in the way of being able to focus. Plus I'm just not wild about the idea of having to be on edge the entire 8 hours I'm driving. Hopefully the weather changes at some point during the drive \ I am sure you will make it
I received a hike in my salary. \ Fantastic, was it a lot ?
Yeah. It makes me surprised. \ Put it to some good use.
Summer is almost over. \ Do you feel better now.
I think that I will as soon as the weather starts to change. \ Yeah. It happens to everyone whenever whether changes.
Have to get a high mark on this exam. \ Have you been studying?
I have been but it's feeling quite nervous about it, it's a huge test. \ Good luck, and I'm sure if you prepared well and studied hard, you'll do great!
I smoked a cigarette today, after two months with out smoking. I feel bad. \ That's no good, what made you smoke?
Just stress from work and financial struggles, but I should of dealt with it in a different way. \ Definitely, maybe some exercise and relaxation instead?
i felt so good when I babysat my friends cat. \ I'm an animal lover myself. I have a cat who just had four kittens. They're adorable!
They're the most cute, my friends are on their way to europe. \ Well that's very kind of you to help them out.
Last night I stopped at a gas station on the way home from work just to grab a snack and while I was there the place was robbed at gun point. \ That's terrifying, are you okay?
I'm a little shaken up, but I think I'll be okay. Especially because no one was hurt during the robbery. \ Thankful that no one was hurt, did you call the police?
my brother bought the car i had my eye on. \ Ah, dang, did he know you were trying to buy it also?
yeah he did. but in all fairness he had the cash first. i still needed to come up with the rest of the money. \ Well, maybe you can set a deal up with him and you can share it!
I'm jealous with people that have gyms in their homes.  \ well you can improvise and make everyday household items into a gym that work just a well!
That's true, I should look up some tutorials on youtube. I need to get back in shape! \ yes. youtube will def have some awesome ideas . i could stand to get rid of this gut also..hahahah
Dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store..had to slam on my brakes.. then had the nerve to beep back at me.  \ Oh wow! That sounds scary! I'd be mad!
I know, I am- They do it here a lot, you have to be very careful. By the way there was NO one behind me for a mile. ARG! \ How annoying! That sucks.
I have a dentist appointment next week. \ Oi...I don't like doctors or the dentists.
Me neither. I do not want to go. \ lol! I do not blame you, did you look up reviews?
I'm really stressed that I'll have enough money to cover the bills this month.  \ That is a stress we all go through! It's hard!
Yeah, the struggle is real! I might have to take out a loan! \ Oh no! You don't have family?
Super happy to have a new puppy in the house.  \ Aw, I love puppers! What kind is it?
Not sure yet. Mom is a tiny pitbull. No idea who the father was :( It's been a VERY long time since I have taken care of a newborn puppy! \ Aw, I'm happy for you, they are really a joy and can make your life happier!
Tomorrow's an exciting day for my family. We're sending our two youngest children to a new school! \ Oh nice! Tell me about the new school?
It's a charter school. That means that it is public, but that they focus more on academic and a classic education. Less common core. \ Oh thank goodness. That common core is ridiculous.
I bought my partner some socks today. \ Fresh socks are a treat for the feet!
Yes he works hard at his job and he lives in socks and shoes- so both are important. \ What does he do?
Sometimes I watch ahead on a tv show if there's a cliffhanger. I should wait to watch it with my boyfriend but I don't haha \ lol! My mom used to do that with books, she would read the ending first.
Oh well that's just spoiling it for herself haha.  \ Nope she still reads it all. Same thing you do silly! lol
So happy I got my momma dog a new bed today. \ Oh that's great! I got my cat a new bed and she won't touch it
Lol- cats are picky- Here I have a bunch of animals so someone will always like it. She won't leave her cage though and stays curled around her puppy all day and the blankets I have weren't cutting it so she seems more comfortable now- She is in a cage because she feels safer- she was trying to bite other animals. \ That's so nice of you to do that for her. I have two dogs and they're picky too.
I broke my son's favorite toy. we were playing and i accidentaly fell on it... he was crying so much i feel horrible \ Aww, I can see how that might make you feel really bad. Was it replaceable?
i don't think so. My wife brought it from another country when she was travelling for work. i'll try to search for it online \ That's a real bummer. On the bright side, it taught your son that sometimes accidents happen and that's OK.
The head of marketing at my job recently dumped a bunch of new tasks on me and my coworker. I feel like she's just lazy and making us do her job. \ or maybe she just knows you're a great worker and very responsible? I hope you will get a raise after completing those tasks
Ha, that's a really nice way of looking at it but nah I'm pretty sure it's mostly laziness. \ did you try talking to her about it? Just be straight forward and tell you how you feel
I'm pretty upset I got a flat on the way to work today. \ oh no! that is horrible and those things always seem to happen when on your way to work or somewhere important
Right? I was late and I'm down 200 dollars, but at least I still have my job. \ wow that is a really expensive tire!!
my new 2018 subaru WRX is going to be delivered today!! i CANT WAIT!! \ Woohoo! That sounds like it'll be a blast to drive!
it is so much fun!  \ Just make sure you drive safely! :)
Proud of my son for scoring two goals in his soccer game this weekend! \ I bet that was exciting to watch
Yeah it was, He is turning out to be really athletic.  Must have gotten that from my wife's side, haha. \ I am sure he got some things from you
 My mom was arrested as a kid. It brought shame on me and my family \ Ah, I'm sorry, well you can redeem your family and be a good influence to your community!
I am trying so \ I bet you're a great person and don't worry about the past!
I can't believe this!  Some kid at the gas station nearly hit me and then had the nerve to call me awful names! \ Did you call the police?
No!  I got so flustered and kind of paniked.   \ Its horrible to have to got through things like thaty
I knew it was going to be sunny today. I had a good feeling \ A good feeling about the weather?
I did have that, and I was right \ Oh how neat!  I guess you must have sensed it!
Guess what!  I nailed my review for this year and got a raise! \ That's great! I'm so happy for you!
Thank you! I worked so hard and I am so freaking excited!  I am also up for a promotion if we keep growing! \ Ooh, will you be managing anyone?
I was happy to go on a trip for my birthday \ That's neat!  Where did you go?
To Vancouver to see a drag show, it was such a fun time \ Oh that sounds exciting!  I've never had the chance to go to one.
Mom's going to be mad, I stole some dinosaur toys \ Maybe she will go easy on you, if this isn't something you do often. 
I hope so. \ You shouldn't steal things, especially non essential things like toys. But you probably know that.
My mom made a pretty awesome scrapbook and gave it to me for christmas several years ago. I recently dug it out and went through it. \ That's awesome, what was in it?
Photos from my whole life growing up, with sections about my relationships with each sibling. pretty awesome. \ You must be happy to have it back, those are the best memories.
So i'm sitting here relaxing and IRS calls me telling me if i don't pay them 3000$ they will arrest me! \ Wow, what did you do?
I hung up lol it's a scam. IRS never calls they send mail. these people tried to threaten me :) \ It is what I thought. You did good.
At work, a new coworker keep looking at me in weird way. I feel very uncomfortable. \ you should probably talk to that co worker and if it doesn't stop i would report it to the HR
I don't know. I don't want to make problems for nothing. He is a very weird guy. \ I don't think you would make any problems. who knows maybe he is a pervert
It was a bit of a rough weekend.  \ Oh no!  What happened?
Partner is working hard at therapy most days but he isn't even close to being okay yet. I just don't know if I could ever trust him again. \ I am sorry to hear that.  Hopefully at least he is making progress
I freaking dropped my coffee on the ground this morning \ I hear you! I drop things all the time. Was it one you just bought?
Yes.  And to make it even worse I soaked myself! \ Ugh! Were you away from home?
My stepdaughter graduated from college in May and got a job in San Francisco making 3 times more than I have ever made. \ Oh wow, she's doing great. I know it probably feels a bit bad that she's making so much more than you, but hopefully you can find  away to be proud of her.
I'm definitely proud! It doesn't feel bad at all. I'm so happy about how much drive she has to succeed. \ Oh well that's great! Some people would get a little jealous. I'm glad you're proud of her, I'm sure she worked very hard for her success!
I've recently started volunteering at a homeless shelter. I have to say it is one of the most rewarding decisions I have ever made in life. \ That's a wonderful thing to do. What kind of tasks do you do there?
We help make sure they are well fed and have a warm place to sleep. We also get to spend  a lot of time socializing with them as well. Some of the sweetest people in the world. Makes it difficult to imagine what could have caused their situation. \ I'm sure they appreciate having people to talk to who don't judge them negatively. We have a little "tent city" in our neighborhood and it was just announced that they're going to be removed. That makes me sad because there is a lack of shelters.
Oh wow, that boils my blood! I don't understand why it's so difficult to allow these types of things to continue. \ People think that people bring it on themselves, so many have a hard time sympathizing.
I got my mom some temporary teeth. \ Temporary teeth? How long do those last?
A long time. Moldable plastic with no dangerous chemicals. It's quite interesting. It's not expensive to get a big bag of it. It is insanely expensive to get one tooth put in, so this should help her until then. \ Ah yeah, that was a pretty good idea then. Hopefully she can get some permanent ones soon!
$800 bucks a tooth...From a car accident- Car insurance...FULL coverage does not cover that...it's insane. \ Yikes. That is incredibly expensive for one tooth.
Whew. I finally got all of my work done for the day. \ That is a good feeling!
It really is! Now I can go home and just relax for the rest of the evening. \ Nice! No kids at home?
I was given a promotion at work today. \ Awesome! Congratulations! I'm sure you earned it.
Thanks I sure did. It's about time! \ It's good that they appreciate you and are kind enough to reward you for your efforts!
I'm excited to play the new World of Warcraft expansion today! \ You're gonna miss the launch. What are you doing on here?
I have it on my other screen, I'm ready! It should be really fun! \ Have you been playing for a long time?
Yeah, 4 years! \ I've been playing since 2006.
I just upgraded the turbo on my car. I wanted more power but currently my VW can beat a corvette in a race. So I'm happy \ That is very cool! How much did it cost?
I did all the work my self but the parts were around 4500 besides the price off the all work I've all ready done to it. I'm trying to build a grocery getter that I can take to the race track. \ Wow, sounds nice! Was it hard to do the work?
I cant wait to buy my christmas tree this year, lol.. funny right? ...but I am actually really excited.  \ Do you usually get a live one ?
I thought about it, but dont think I could handle one. Do you have one?  \ Just a small fake one. Some people get really into decorating. I don't really like it. 
I visited my old home town recently and it has gone down hill so much.  A lot of the houses are run down and dilapidated. So sad. \ That sucks..... always bad to see something like that. Did you atleast enjoy your trip? 
Yeah, I got to see a few people I knew . It was still fun \ Aw thats good! Im glad you still had a good time. 
I am so nervous.  I have to go to the dentist tomorrow to get a filling replaced.  \ Are you afraid of the dentist?
I am!  I had a bad experience with one when I was younger. \ I'm sorry to hear that, I'm pretty terrified of the dentist myself. Ask for gas! Good luck, I'm sure everything will be just fine.
I spoke at a conference recently. I was a little scared going into it but felt great as I knew I knew my speech. \ Oh nice! That's super brave of you.
I'm actually one of those fortunate people who doesn't have a fear of public speaking.  \ That's a great skill to have!
Im a little disappointed. I just got the call that the job I wanted went with someone else.  \ I hate to hear that. Did the person that got the job deserve it?
I dont know. Never met the person. Its going to be hard to find another job like that one. \ Well, I have faith that you will find something just as good, keep your head up and keep trying.
I was cleaning out my attic and found a box full of old photo albums. I spent the next few hours looking at old photos and having a great time. \ That must have been a nice feeling. 
It really was. I miss a lot of the people in the photos, made me really smile to see their faces again. \ I love that nostalgic feeling. 
So I am getting second thoughts about going on my trip. I am leaving for two months but I am getting nervous about going. \ Where are you going? Are you scared of going on the plane or going to a new place?
I am going all over Europe. The thought of being in a foreign countries for so long is kind of scary. Not sure if I should go. \ I'm sure you'll have a blast, I've heard it's beautiful continent. And the food will be great!
I really like a new perfume that I've tried but it's so expensive I don't know if I should get it \ Maybe if you search some more it will go on sale. But if you really like it you should get it.
yeah maybe, I've been checking for it at discount stores. Perfume is one of the most marked up items though, not sure if it's worth it \ Just think how happy it will make you feel each time you wear it.
I am so irritated.  My dog keeps trying to eat up my shoes no matter where I put them! \ Haha, sounds like my pupper, is she still young?
Yeah she's only about six months.  Despite all her chew toys its still my shoes she craves... \ Right!? It's weird, you buy them all the toys in the world, but they still go after your stuff.
I'm really hoping I enjoy this new World of Warcraft expansion as much as I've been excepting to! \ Ohhh I've been checking it out too!  What side are you going with?
I've been Horde all my life, but I might try Alliance this time. \ Lok'tar ogar! I love my undead necromancer! What race/class will you go with for Alliance?
My husband works late at night and sometimes I'm stuck by myself. \ Why he is working late?
He owns his own business working on cars. If something goes wrong, he is forced to stay to fix the issue. \ I understand. Could you plan to do something when he is late (going out with friends)?
My manager has taken my coworker for a work trip to New York. I was also suppose to go with them. \ Oh man. That sucks. NY is really fun. Why couldn't you go?
I don't understand why I didn't go. He said that will take both of us and then one week before going he have changed his mind. He told that he doesn't have enough money.  \ I would be kind of mad and dissappointed with him. You could have offered to pay your own way!
My aunt just signed for my cousin to get an FJ Cruiser! That is my dream car! He doesn't even have a job. \ Aww man that sucks for you 
It does! Maybe he will at least let me drive it! \ Hopefully! It is your dream car after all
Once I saw 2 men playing basketball and one of them hit a long range 3 pointer \ That's pretty cool! Was it a professional game?
No it was a pickup game but the one who it the shot is playing college basketball. Hopefully he can get me some tickets  \ Sounds like he's a good player! You should ask him for some tickets!
I once was taking a big trip I had been looking forward to and the day before we leave for an international flight a high level travel advisory was issued for the area we were going. \ Ugh! I hate it when stuff like that happens. Were you able to get a refund on your tickets?
No. We went ahead and went on. It actually turned out to be a great trip with zero incidents.  \ Awesome!!
Yeah. Glad we didnt bail. \ That is very true! Was it bad weather?
A manager I do not like was working at the store I love today. \ \ Aw man. I am guessing you already went to the store. Did you have to interact with the manager?
Yes! It can make it a bit uncomfortable to shop there. It's the only one of it's kind in my area! So it's a bummer!  \ Yeah that stinks. Is it a store you go often?
I've been weight lifting for 6 years now and I can finally say I'm very proud of my physique! I'm 30 years old and look better now than I did at 20! \ Congrats! I am also working hard at getting super fit too at 35! It is harder the older you are but totally doable if you're committed!
Oh absolutely! Weight lifting has amazing health benefits. Studies show that even starting at the age of 80 will improve overall well being by a lot! \ So true! Building muscle is great!
I keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night.  \ Oh no, he's probably lost. Maybe you should take him in and feed him.
 He won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat. I will feed him though. I have big dogs, so not sure if he'd come near my house :( I will try though! \ At least you're concerned and interested in helping. Some people would ignore the poor little kitty and just let him die. Very kind of you!
Oh, I would never! I am just so beyond full with the same type! lol- And cats don't like to be packed in. I have seperate areas for my nice cats and mean cats and it's still a touchy balance! If I had a bigger house, I would help even more. They are so innocent! Our local AC doesn't do cats and I wouldn't want him pts anyway but I will always feed animals in need \ If I had a huge yard, I'd probably have an entire farm house from all the stray animals I see and feel bad for! I can't help myself.
I'm surprised with how clean the house was after I came home from my trip. My wife is the best! \ That's awesome. Would have been a bummer to come home to a messy house.
Yeah, I hate messy places, I'm OCD and it drives me nuts \ Well it's good that you have such a great wife! I hope you guys have an amazing life together.
I recently got a new job in a city three hours away in an industry that I've never worked in yet. I'm a bit nervous, but at the same time I'm excited. \ Congratulations, I'm sure you will do great.  it's always nerve-racking the first day of work!
Thanks for confidence. Yeah, it's all overwhelming. The new job in a new industry and the move away from the town I grew up in. But I'm ready to take it head on! \ Good luck, and have fun.  The money will just be a bonus!
She went in for a kiss but I declined. \ Why'd you turn her down?
I'm already with a girl, couldn't do it. \ Well, props on you for being loyal. That shows a lot of character.
Okay, this is going to be a weird question, but did you guys ever have any Yo-yo sales people come to your school as a kid? \ I did actually.
Why were they allowed to just come to the school? I remember they sold really expensive yo-yos of all things, and I got so excited because they made them look so fun, so I saved up my money and bought one and low and behold.. it was just a yoyo. \ I'm not even sure, maybe they had a deal in place with the school board?
I just went a job interview. I feel it went really well. I really wish that I get it. \ What kind of job is it?
Its a Financial analyst position with a really great company. \ Sounds like a promising job
I'm looking forward to visiting a friend over the weekend \ That should be fun. Any big planes?
Nothing too big, probably just wander around town \ That will be nice to catch up.
I'm jealous with people who have a washer and dryer. Going to the laundromat stinks! \ I know. I just went yesterday!
It's such a hassle, would be nice just to walk into the other room and do it! \ I can't wait to move and have a hook up.
I work from home \ Nice, that's very convenient, do you enjoy it? 
I do. My daughter has been talkong t me for abot 20 minutes. She knows that I'm not lisstening. yet she continues \ Haha, she doesn't understand that you're at work!
I'm happy when I eat gourmet ice cream, but it's so expensive \ Mmmm, I love gourmet ice cream.  If I didn't have self control I would be like 800 pounds from it.
I've definitely gained weight this summer from eating so much ice cream haha \ You and me both, we need to hit the gym!
I'm so grateful for video games, they have brought so much joy to my life in stressful moments in life. \ I love video games too, what's your favorite. I really like "Don't Starve" by Klei.
Haven't heard of that one, I'll have to check it out.  Right now, I'm really enjoying Monster Hunter. \ Oooh my friends have been playing that, maybe I should get it too
I'm so irritated at my neighbor. She moved out recently and left ALL her garbage and old furniture in our parking lot by the garbage. \ That's not very considerate of her. Was she a bad neighbor while she lived there too? Some people!
Not at all, that's what is so weird! She was really polite, quiet, and neat. \ I wonder what could have changed? Either way, I'd be pretty pissed off.
I have pretty bad social anxiety. Today while I was paying for my groceries, my anxiety acted up and I ended up giving the cashier the wrong amount of money TWICE. I felt like just running out of there! \ Oh no, that must have been pretty awful. Do you not have self checkout at your grocery store?
Not at this one, unfortunately. I made myself look like I can't even do basic math, when it was just my anxiety acting up. \ If it makes you feel any better, I bet that happens a lot to the cashier. They probably didn't think twice or care as long as you weren't a jerk.
I apologized profusely. Probably enough to make myself seem even MORE awkward than I already seemed. Ugh, I need to stop thinking about it. \ I deal with anxiety myself, so I know not thinking about it is easier said than done. Take care of yourself and try to find a good distraction to get your mind off it!
I am feeling good about my money making skills. \ How are they? Are you doing pretty well in that area?
I work from home :) I am powering through and working on normal work then working on my business the rest of the hours in my day. \ That is awesome! Sounds like they are finely horned then! 
I'm pretty good right now in life, couldn't ask for anything more. I'm very low maintenance. \ Fantastic! Being grateful is the way to be happy!
Yes, I'm very grateful for my family and friends.  I don't know how I would live without them. \ Me too! It's good when you have caring people around.
Our new baby newborn pup here is getting bigger everyday! \ I love dogs, what kind of puppy is it?
Pitbull mix? Won't know until he is older :) I didn't know if he would make it, so it's really sweet and happy to see! \ I have a pit myself, they are great dogs despite what people say about them
Last week the plant I work at was hit with massive layoffs.  \ Oh no! That is terrible!
I was fortunate enough to be one of the very few who got to keep their job, I am happy but very sad for the others. \ I understand. Layoffs are hard. My brother in law has been through a lot of those at factories!
Two years ago my wife and I got divorced. It has been very odd in this big house all by myself. \ How do you feel these days?
It has gotten a little better with time, but still a pretty sore spot for me. \ It must be difficult, do you think she will come back ever?
It's nice listening to old music. \ Yea, I enjoy stuff from my childhood. What kind of music are you listening to, country, rock, something else?
Lots of old pop and punk songs, like a day to remember! \ That sounds like a really great time, I love those nostalgic feelings you get from listening to stuff from your past.
I lost my job earlier this year. I was really worried about how to pay my bills and finding a new job. \ Ouch! That's rather painful. What are you doing now?
Well that's the cool thing... the week my unemployment ran out I got a job offer. At my former company, no less. So everything worked out! \ Wow! That's like a paid vacation!
My youngest children are starting in a new school tomorrow, and I'm kind of nervous. \ I bet! Who do you think it's going to have the most separation anxiety, you or them? Be honest!
Them, easily, but that's what I'm anxious about. I'm expecting a phone call while I'm relaxing in my lounge chair that my kids are begging me to pick them up! \ Well stay strong! For what it's worth, I moved schools a lot as a kid and yeah the first day is rough but kids adapt quickly. They might even make new friends right away!
I hate it when plans fall through. I really wanted to spend my time on the water this last weekend. \ i hate that too, what were you going to do?
I was going to Florida to go on a multi-day canoeing and camping trip. At the last minute, the two people I was going with backed out, and I simply couldn't afford to go alone. \ Maybe I could come with you, I'm near Florida.
I'm so tired of being abused. \ That's terrible that you are being abused. Who is treating you so poorly?
My girlfriend, she is talking to other guys now. \ If you guys are in an exclusive relationship, then that would be considered infidelity. You should leave her and focus on yourself.
The new wow expansion just launched. \ Are you excited about it?
Indeed I am. \ Whats new in the game?
So annoying to hear people talking when I'm trying to listen to my teacher. \    Some people have no respect for otheres.
They really don't, especially since we're paying for our educations here. \ Are they like 1000 level classes?  If I was in a higher class I'd of straight told them to quiet down.
They are in 2000 level but still not the most fun thing to deal with you know. \ Yeah you've still got some riff raff around at that level.  Man... its been a long time but, I remember those days.
