No Im just glad to sleep in lol \ Well that does sound like a restful and relaxing weekend. I love traveling on my off time!
I went to do the dishes the other day, and there were several plates in the sink that were still completely full of food. \ do you have roomates?
Nah it was my wife's.  I can't stand it when she just dumps her plates in there without scraping off the food. \ mine does the exact same thing! i hate it
i came home today with my state jackpot tickets. i didnt win \ Aww that had to be a little disappointing?
very disappointing! not just a little!! \ Yeah that can be life changing money! Maybe next time!
As an adult, buying and living in the house I grew up in means so much to me. \ I am so happy for you!
Thank you, it \ Old houses are the best.
I remember getting ice cream with my family. \ As a kid? That's the best!
Yes, I miss that time so much! \ Did you go often with your family?
I am so stress. Tomorrow, I will have my final exams. \ Awww, you need to take a nap,  for you to focus and read 
Yes, I know. I need to relax but I can't. I am so afraid to fail even if I am well prepared. \ Are you always scared of the exam hall? 
But we waited and waited, she didn't still show up \ Who are you talking about? What happened?
Went for a music concert in New York and was expecting to see Beyonce but she didn't show up \ That is bad. I hope you see her in another event.
I have a package coming in the mail today... i cant wait \ Oh, what is it?
I got a new laptop finally \ That must be so exciting!
I accidentally passed gas in front of my mother in law. \ oh no what did she say?
She yelled at me.  I was so ashamed about it. \ I would have laughed lol
I have a grandson who was born a bit slow. He just graduated high school this year. What was really amazing is that he graduated a year early! \ You must be so proud. That really is a great accomplishment that he has made. Is he going to college?
Yes we really are. He is already taking summer courses at the community college. He wants to transfer to the big university as soon as he can though. \ That is so awesome. Does he have a major picked out?
A few weeks ago we were at a wedding. Everyone was dancing and having fun and all of a sudden my 3 year old niece started to choke on a carrot. So scary! \ Oh wow! That must have been terrifying! Were they able to help her?
Yes, someone was able to do the Heimlich maneuver and she was ok right after that. It was quite the panic for a few minutes though. \ I could imagine. It must have been amazing to see her rescued though!
I lost an earring at work..... Im hoping I find it \ was it an expensive one?
Not really, I just really liked them \ awww...still thats upsetting
i think someone is breaking into my apartment right now \ Oh no! that's so scary
false alarm. it was the neighbors cat at the window \ haha silly cat!
I had to write a really long paper for class last week. But I was so busy that I didn't have any time to actually work on it. I ended up copying someone's old paper. I really feel upset at myself for this. \ Yeah, you can really get in major trouble for doing that.
I know. Fortunatley the teacher didn't catch me. I got an A on the paper. But I know I didn't deserve it. I'm not sure what to do. \ I would just not do it again.
My neighbor always interrupts me when I talk. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know why your neighbor does that to you?
I'm not sure but it is very irritating to me. \ I think you should just continue talking over your neighbor. Maybe that will get your neighbor to stop.
She talks to him on the phone regularly. I have expressed my discontent but she doesnt seem to care \ Who does she talk to on the phone regularly?
His name is chad. Apparently they were childhood friends. \ So why does that make you discontented?
I don't think my partner's been faithful to me lately. So I just took an HIV test. Waiting for the results has me so worried. \ I can imagine that would be a painful waiting period. Why do you belive she is unfaithful?
Well she seemed really close to another guy at a party we were at last weekend. And I see her get flirty with some other guys around campus too. \ I can see the why you would feel that way. I would be worried too.
I hope the tests come up negative. I'm probably going to break up with her too. \ The good news is the chances of actually getting HIV is relatively low. You should not have to worry about it.
That's true. I know that logically. But the fear just wells up in my stomach. \ I can imagine it would. You dont need that stress in your life.
I had an important test to take last week for my certification. I spent so much time studying that I was absolutely sure I was going to ace it. \ Oh no, did it not turn out the way you planned?
Lol no actually I did do great on it. I was really proud of myself :) \ That's awesome! Hard work always pays off!
I don't want to go on this Tinder date. Nothing good will come of it. \ Don't be so negative about it. Maybe you'll really like the person.
I doubt it, I'd rather not waste my time. \ So then just let the person know you can't make it. There's no reason to waste that person's time.
I found a wallet and returned it to the owner. \ That's very good of you. I would be proud of myself If I can do such a thing especially if there is a huge chunk of money in it
Yes, I was very satisfied with my behavior. \ I hope he  or she rewarded you though
word are not enough to express how happy I am about my new car \ That's great! What kind of car did you get?
GMC  Denali \ Wow, that is a sweet ride!
i broke my expensive favorite pair of glasses. im blind without them \ Oh no, what are going to do?
i am livid...i have contact lenses. but i love my glasses \ I hope they can fix your glasses.
I got a hamburger earlier and they forgot to put cheese on it. \ i hate when they forget the cheese
I was so upset about it! \ i would have been too.. i love my cheese burgers
My friend was nice enough to let me use his car yesterday. \ That is nice to gave a friend that can help you in time of need.
After I returned it, I realized I had forgot to fill it back up with gas.  I feel bad. \ That is not good but my mistake happened.
My doctor made wrong diagnosis multiple times. I can't trust him anymore. \ Sounds pretty incompetent to me.  Have you found a new one yet?
I started looking but it is difficult to change doctor because you get used to someone. \ It seems hard finding a good doctor these days.
I stayed up all night studying and im sure i passed my final \ Congrats! It's great to pass your test. Though staying up all night to study may not be the best studying technique.
yes never again \ That's good. I try to study well in advance. But I find it hard to actually motivate myself.
I took a weekend trip last week but I forgot to pack any underwear! It was so awkward going around not wearing underwear! \ haha that's funny! 
lol not at the time for me! \ I'm glad you survived lol
Last year in my first year of college my roommate left so i had little human contact the entire year \ How convenient that was! My daughter would love that!
It was nice having no roommate but it got a bit lonely after a while, wouldve been nice to have more friends on campus \ I can understand that. Is it better for you this year?
I had no friends while in high school and was really miserable. \ Yea I know that feel, outside of a few people I knew nearly know one and avoided lots of people cause no one cared
Yes, and now that I've added them on Facebook, they still don't interact with me. \ It can be really frustrating, seems like so many people have it good while so many have the short end of the stick
everytime i pass by the old creek, reminds me of my grandpa and us fishing all the time \ That must be quite nostalgic.
thats exactly what it is. its the best \ I miss the old times.
My boss just bought a new Mercedes.  \ is it a newer model?
Yes, it's a 2018.  I am very envious of him. \ i would be too
My friend canceled on me for a concert last minute. Now I have to go alone, it's a bummer, I was looking forward to hanging out with her. \ I'm sorry to hear that. It's really horrible when a friend backs out at the last second.
Yeah, maybe I can sell the ticket but the concert is tonight so I doubt it. \ There's always scalpers outside of concert venues. That could probably work.
Last week when I was out hiking a girl randomly approached me and wanted to make out with me. I had to tell her no because I'm married. \ Wow, what a forward woman.
She was really hot too. I felt bad about possibly hurting her feelings \ Yeah, I'm sure you were.
My friend told me I'm getting fat. \ lol...thats harsh! are you?
Yes, but I was so irritated by that comment. \ hahah...that is natural
i just took my test and i know i did very well!! \ That's great you have that kind of confidence.
i studied very hard \ That is very responsible of you.
last week i attended a job interview with tesla \ Cool! How did it go?
it went well above my expectations \ Great! I hope you get the job. I'll be rooting for you!
I got the news that my girlfriend's mom passed away. I have to tell her the news myself since she has no other close family. I'm dreading having to actually say it to her. \ first of all my condolences for your friend, and i know how hard this is for you both
Thank you very much. It is very upsetting. \ ya it feels so weak to be in that place , but you should only give the strength required for your friend to overcome this situation
I hope I'm able to. I've never really been a pillar of strength myself. \ you can do it , i pray that you both overcome this situation with peace. 
I am a drug addict. I robbed a charity organization last week. I feel bad about it. \ That's awful! Maybe you can pay them back?
I don't think that I can pay them because I have always money issues due to my addiction. \ Oh wow that's tough. Hopefully they don't know it was you at least.
I've been sitting at home bored all week so I wanted to spend some time hanging out with friends tomorrow night. But apparently all of my friends are out of town. So I'll still be stuck home alone! \ That is bad. I hope you will find something interesting to do.
I have no idea what to do though. I think I've done every fun thing I can by myself already this week. \ I understand. Probably, watching a new movie could be good idea.
I went to a park over the weekend where I used to go when I was little and I was sad to see how dirty it was \ Oh yea? why is that?
I dont know I guess just people littering \ I wish there is a way we can make people care more about the environment
i deserve that car but i cannot afford it and he can even though I work better job than my neighbour :( \ Oh no, im sorry to hear that
I think I am jealous \ It happens... but you never know their situation and sometimes people make bad financial decisions
I was watching a TV show where people were eating cockroachs. I wanted to throw up. \ That sounds so disgusting!
I could finish watching the TV show. I had to switch channel. \ I would have done that too.
My wife is going to divorce me. \ Why she want to divorce? Did she tell you?
She cheated on me, I am so sad over it. \ That is terrible. How did you find out?
My interest rate just went up on my credit card. \ Yikes, did you miss a payment?
No, I've been great about it.  I am so mad it happened. \ It shouldn't have, maybe you need to call customer service and question them as to why.
I'm always envious of really beautiful girls, I wish I could look that way. \ I am sure you are beautiful too!
Thanks but I really don't feel like it. \ I wish you had a higher self-esteem.
Omg, the day I found out I was pregnant with my second child was so amazing. \ Wow! I can imagine how joyous that feeling must have been!
We had been trying for over a year when it happened. We thought we would never have another one. \ Congrats! That would be really stressful. I'm happy it all worked out for you.
I helped my brother study for his final exam. He studied really diligiently with me every day. But in the end on the actual exam he managed to fail it! \ Oh, no that isn't good. I"m sorry
I know. I'm just so annoyed at all the time we spent... \ Did he just freeze up on the test or was it different then the stuff you studied?
I had some tests done at the doctors yesterday, hopefully i hear good news \ i hope all goes well. was something the matter that made you decide to have the tests done?
just feeling exhausted at all times \ always good to check if in doubt
i lost my job today. was not my fault we got robbed \ Oh no I am so sorry! I bet that must have been scary too
yes they took the money, but boss says its my fault they took it \ wow they should care more that youre safe!
Do you have faithful friends? \ Yeah,but very few.
Why is that the case? \ Most of my friend have had in the past just wanted to benefit from our relationship,it was not genuine.
I have never cheated on my girlfriend not even once \ That's great. I'm trying to get a girlfriend right now :/
I wish you luck buddy, most of these girls out here are so fake. \ Yeah they are. It makes me sad too man.
So an online payment distributor company won't instantly verify my bank account even though the login info is correct. Feels bad man. \ That sucks. Did they give you any reason why they won't verify it?
Nope. I even double checked the login info and signed into my bank's website no problem. I feel a bit let down. \ Well, I hope they can get you taken care of soon. I know I hate it when I can't get to my money I have online.
While I was eating dinner last week, my wife and I watched a guy pick up the rear end of a newer pick up truck. \ He sounds pretty strong. Any reason in particular that he did that?
My guess would be because he was drunk. It was still quite the sight to see. \ No kidding. Definitely some quality entertainment for dinner time!
I am looking forward for the new pizza joint to open up here. \ I love pizza. What style pizza does the place make?
They will make New York style.  I can't wait to eat there! \ Yeah, that sounds very exciting.
So my wife and I after saving all year are going on our first vacation together next month. \ That must be so exciting!
My wife is so happy. She has never seen the ocean before. \ I hope you both have a great time!
I fell asleep at work yesterday. \ Uhoh I hope you didn't get in trouble?
No, but I am so ashamed that it happened. \ Well you can use that feeling to make sure you don't do it again!
My son went into the backyard on his own yesterday, pulled his pants down, and proceeded to pee all over the grass. \ That is terrible. What did you do?
Ha I was pumped! He loves imitating the dog, and it's a lot easier for him to do that than me change 8 diapers all day! \ Well that is a good way to look at it.
I have total trust in my wife. We are good couple. \ That's great, trust is the backbone of all lasting relationships.
It is always good to have someone that will help you in time of needs. \ Of course, we're not meant to lock ourselves away alone for our entire lives.
I have a cut on the bottom of my foot and man is it a nuisance trying to walk. \ That is bad. Did you go to a doctor?
No, it's just a little cut that needs to heal. \ Then nothing to worry about.
I went on an interview for a job. \ oh how does it go
I thought I did pretty well because I practiced days in advance, looked up information and everything, but I didn't get it. \ its ok you tried your best 
one month back my sister got married and she shifted to another state along with her husband \ Well that is great and sad all at the same time. How far away did she move?
we live in texas she moved to newyork area, since then i am missing her presence in the home and feeling little low \ Aw well that is normal. I'm sure she didn't want to leave. Every day will get a little easier.
Today is my off day and I wanted to sleep in, yet here I am awake early. \ I am the same.. woke up at 6 for no reason
It sucks. I guess my body doesn't want me to sleep in any more. \ LOL i hate that
I enjoy looking at old pictures and remebering past memories \ I do too. It always brings back so many good memories.
Yeah it's nice looking back \ Yes it is. Sometimes I wish you could just go back to that time.
Someone took my laptop from my car. \ I am sorry to hear that. Thieves are really crappy people.
I know right! I am so angry someone stole it! \ I hope they catch the person and you get your laptop back.
Last year during a bad storm, a tornado touched down right across the street from our house. \ Oh my goodness, that sounds terrifying.
It was. We were in the basement and it sounded like a freight train was going over the house. \ I'm glad that you are okay.
yesterday a stranger tried to rob me  \ Oh wow! Are you okay?
i am shaken up but luckily a security guard at the club saw the whole thing as stopped it \ That is insane.  Thank God there was someone there to intervene.
My family and I recently moved, and we found a box of our oldest child's baby toys from 12 years ago. \ i bet that was quite the blast from the past
It was!  It was a bit bittersweet, though. They grow up too fast. \ yes they do. mine are already out of college
I am really looking forward to the upcoming football season. \ Oh why is that? Do you play?
No, I am just a football fan.  I can't wait for it to start! \ Ah, yeah my husband is the same way. He is very excited.
We packed up everything in the car to go visit my family. \ Oh, are you going on a trip?
We went on vacation to see my family in another state. I was very happy to be going. \ That sounds like a fun time.
My 6 year old son is making very good progress in learning how to swim. \ Good for him! That's a very valuable skill to have, good on you for teaching him so early.
At this age, they learn so quickly. That is nice. \ Does he seem to enjoy being in the water, or does he resist you a bit?
I was dog sitting at my dad's house last week and I heard strange noises in his house. \ What happened?
I don't know, it was very odd. I would go in the kitchen and the sink would be running a little bit even though I didn't turn it on. Kind of spooky. \ I understand those kind of situation could scarry.
My cousin was telling me about the family all heading out for the annual family lake trip. I was feeling so envious because I can't go this time. \ ooh, sorry about that, why cant you join the
I haven't been having a good relationship with my mom for a few years now so I'm not really "welcome".  \ sorry to hear that. Why dont you try to make things work with your mother's relationnship
i was really excited upon seeing the present because the car was so adorable \ Did you get a car as a gift? That's exciting.
yes, my mom bought for me as agift \ That is so nice of her! That's really really generous. 
Years ago me and my best friend got into a bad argument and I felt terrible later because I realized it was my fault \ Oh I know that feeling actually... Did you ever make up with your friend?
Yes, it took awhile, a couple months I think it was but we are closer now \ That's good to hear. It's all water under the bridge now, as they say.
I am looking forward to going to the cinema this upcoming weekend. \ That sounds like fun, what kind of movie will you see?
I believe it is a shark attack movie, so kind of a thriller.  \ Nice, I love those. I have seen a preview for a shark attack movie that is coming out. I think called Meg, I hope to see that sometime
Last month for my 20th anniversary at my job, my coworkers threw me a party. \ That is so nice of them!
I had no idea till I walked into the office with my boss on lunch. I was completely shocked. \ I am so happy for you! Congrats!
I went to the Olive Garden for dinner. \ I love eating there, the food is always amazing.
Yeah, I was satisfied with the food and service. \ I am glad you had such a good meal.
Some one lied to my girl friend \ I hope it wasn't a close friend that lied.
He was a friend \ That is sad.  Liars and thieves are just the worst.
I don't want to keep such friends  \ I don't blame you.  A friend like that isn't a friend at all.  I'm sorry that has happened to you.
I recently spent a full weekend relaxing at the beach. \ Really?
Yeah.  It was great to get away from work and family pressures for just a bit, and to enjoy some peace and quiet. \ That's fun
Last semester, I had to give a class presentation. My stomach was full of butterflies from the nerves. \ how did it go?
All things considered, pretty well. I definitely had some anxiety about it though. Presentations are my least favorite thing in the world. \ i hate those as well
i walked out of the restroom on a blind date and my zipper was dowdn \ That's embarrassing, but also funny. How did your date react?
she noticed but brought it to my attention discreetly....we were on a double date..haha \ That is awesome that she didn't make a big scene of it!
I'm kinda iffy about this weekend \ Why?
Going to the amusement park.  Have never rode a rollercoaster before :/ \ I understand. It could be little bit scary at first but it is fun.
I tried to meet some friends yesterday but they were all busy. \ Aww :(  What did you end up doing instead?
I end up staying alone at home watching some movies. It was little bit boring. \ You could've always come on here and chat with other cool people like you :D
My aunt recently passed away after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease. \ I am so sorry to hear that. 
Thanks. It's been especially hard because she was almost like a mother to me.  \ I truly hope you can recover from this major loss in your life.
Last month, my cat Sam passed away. He was 14 years old. \ Oh no! I'm so sorry! It's so difficult to lose a pet.
He was more than a pet, he was truly my best friend. \ I hope in time you are able to feel better.... and that your heart will be filled with happy memories.
My friend is not feeling well today.   \ Oh no, are they going to be okay?
Yes. Though he is not feeling well, I am fortunate that he gave me his tickets to the Kid Rock concert tonight. \ Oh, that will be so fun!
My sister got into a bad car accident. \ Oh my, I hope she is ok?
She will be, I am so sad that it happened. \ I would be too!  Was she at fault?
I saw a man eat an entire birthday cake. \ Wow. It is very unsual to see that.
I know, it was really inspiring. \ Why? Do you want to do like him?
Yesterday, my 4 year prepared a gift for my birthday. It was so cute. \ That is so sweet of your child.
I was very suprised that he could remember my birthday. \ He must be very smart!
my food that was delvered was deliverd incorrect, but by the time it got here the restraunt was already close. \ That's annoying! Did you end up eating it anyway?
i couldnt eat it. it was a mess \ Sorry that you had a bad experience!
So I asked out a girl in my class and she said yes. Was a big morale boost. \ im glad to hear that! 
Thanks! We are getting coffee this weekend. Hopefully something comes of it! \ good luck to you! i wish you the best
last week i had my birthday and my wife presented astonished me with her gift \ That's awesome! Happy belated birthday! What did she get you?
she presented me my dream bike its ducati \ Sweet! I really like Ducati's they are beautiful bikes.
 I always carry a multi-tool and a small 4-1 screwdriver on me. I feel like I can fix almost anything with that. \ i think you had good skills with tools
I'd like to think so. I just like to be ready for anything. \ thats cool of you 
Ye, peole are so greedy of what they dont have \ Yeah, it's true....  What happened?? 
Some people can kill just because of greed \ I had similar situation with my friend last year
Some girls can just breakup with you for no reason \ I think there must be a reason for that
I tried to ask but she refused to say anything. I guess she got a better guy \ Oh,thats life,so sorry for that
Last night I went into my kitchen and ate all of my kids cookies. \ I do that all of time.
Well my wife confronted me this morning and I blamed it on our dog Max. \ Lol. Poor Max. I bet sometimes dogs wished the spoke English for that very reason.
Yeah my wife had been kinda cold torwards him since. I feel bad for him.. \ Shame on you. I'm telling
I have lived in my apartment for 5 years now. \ O wow that is a long time, Are you happy with it?
It's getting smaller, but my friends used to come over more. Now I'm by myself all the time. \ Im sorry to hear that sometimes people grow apart. You should try to throw a party and see who comes.
Last week, there was a front move through our area that produced many very powerful storms. \ Did it rain a lot?
It really did. Also, there were over 20 confirmed tornado touch downs in my county alone. \ That must be really scary to go through.
I have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. \ Wow, what's the special occasion?
Oh, it's just a pot luck.  I am so ready to get it done. \ Yeah, that is going to be a lot of work, and hard to transport to your job.
I'm starting a new position at my job soon. \ Oh that's great. What are you going to be doing?
I'll be managing consumer relations at a law firm. I'm really looking forward to it! \ Oh wow, that sounds like a tough job, but I bet you will be good at it.
I was going to a pumpkin patch with my sister in law, and I let her drive my car. \ That sounds like fun! What happened?
I wasn't feeling good so she drove, but she drives kind of fast. Usually I don't let anyone drive my car. \ Yeah- I understand that. I don't let anyone drive my car, either. I hope everything worked out okay!
I didn't think anyone remembered, however, I came home to concert tickets that my friend got for me. \ Aww was it your birthday or something?
Yes.  He got me tickets to Kid Rock concert tonight.  \ OOO Kid Rock that's one of my friends favorites!
My friend was scheduled to work with me the other day and I was really excited. \ I bet, its always nice to get a chance to work with someone you really like.  Where do you work?
I'm a firefighter, but when I got there, they had shipped him somewhere else so that sucked. \ That does suck.  I work at Taco Bell making burritos.
My dentist did an awesome job on my teeth, I love them! \ You must be very proud of your new set of teeth
I really am, I had bad teeth my entire life because of genetic reasons. \ Congrats you can smile freely now :)
Why do I have to explain to everyone about my preferences? \ What preferences do you mean? You shouldn't have to say your truth to anyone.
you know, man and woman thing but I am a woman and I prefer women \ There's nothing wrong with that and it's a shame people even question you about that.
I just proposed to my girlfriend and she said yes! \ Congratulations! When is the wedding?
Next year, I am so happy! \ I'm happy for you, I hope everything continues to work out!
My car is on it's last legs. I think I see a new car in my future very soon. \ Oh, I'm sorry.  What are you thinking of getting?
I would love to get an X-Terra! I'm a big fan of the SUV platform. \ Nissans are very nice and rugged.
A stranger bought me groceries last Sunday. I only know them through an online forum. \ That seems like it would be a little awkward to me..
They saw a post I'd made about losing my job and messaged me. I'm going to embroider them something as thanks. \ Well, they sound like they are actually just a nice person trying to help you out, that is really nice.
I was cleaning out the attic and found a bunch of old photo albums. \ That's always a nice find.
Yes it was. It was really great seeing all of those fun times with my family from the past. \ I bet it was! I love looking at photo albums
At work, while standing up, my pants teared in the back. I didn't know what to do. \ Oh no! That is so sad for you.  How embarrassing. 
It was embarring. Some coworker were watching me. I had to go to my manager to ask him if I could home. \ how sad.  I am so sorry you had to deal with that.
I have a buddy who decided to take up playing guitar a few years ago. \ That is nice. Did you start playing guitar with him?
I tried, lol.  I recently heard him play for the first time in over a year.  His skill levels astounds me. \ That is good.
After dropping out of college 6 years ago, I decided to go back this year. \ That is a great move!  I did the same thing.
I have high hopes for myself, as I have all A's so far. I hope I can keep up the momentum! \ Good job, keep up the good work!
I accidentally spilled coffee on my pants yesterday. \ Oh no! Did you manage to avoid a stain?
No, it got everywhere.  I was so ashamed to do that. \ Don't feel ashamed. You'll be able to laugh about it soon enough!
Hello there! So I just finished high school and retook maths in my final year because I didn't do well it the year before \ How did it went?
Well I got the same result in both years because I'm lazy... so I didn't get into the university I wanted and I let my parents down which was shameful :( \ That is terrible. What are going to do?
Yesterday, two gangs were fighting just in front of my home. It is a very scary situtation. \ Oh god that sounds terrible! Are you okay, is everyone in your house okay? Did anyone get hurt?
In the house, no one got hurt but outside the house, many of them got hurt. They were using knifes and baseball bats. \ I'm glad to hear that no one in your house got hurt. Gang crime needs to be stopped!
My boyfriend broke up with me and I understand but I miss him a lot. I liked having him around, he always made me laugh and not feel like I was doing everything on my own. \ I'm sorry that happened. Do you still have contact with him?
Nah, I'm doing that whole no contact thing that people suggest. \ Cliche as it is, time heals all wounds and whatnot. I hope you can find somebody just as great as him or learn to be content on your own!
I just had a delicious breakfast and now I'm casually relaxing in my room. Life is good! \ What was for breakfast?
Pancakes and sausage! How can you go wrong? \ You can't! Sounds like a wonderful morning!
Having the whole house to your self sometimes isn't as good as it may seem! \ I can imagine the loneliness someone can experience.
My whole family is out the house for a few months. I'm going to be so bored with no one around... \ Get your self a friend to stay with for a couple of months.
I have such a big heart, i love my people. \ What makes you say that?
I like making people around me happy. \ Do you have  a large network of friends and family?
I work from home and sometimes it makes me a bit sad to know that I'm here alone. \ I am also working from home from time to time. I could feel some time lonely.
I'm sorry to hear you are in the same boat sometimes. Do you have any advice on how to make it feel less lonely?  \ I usually get out after finishing work to feel less lonely.
During an argument, my wife told that I am not the real father of my son. I am so angry. \ That is horrible! Do you think it is really true, or she was trying to just make you angry? 
I don't know. I am thinking how I can verify that. \ You can always try to get a DNA test.
I am waiting for my medical tests to come back. \ Are you worried and nervous?
Somewhat, but I am confident they will come back okay. \ I hope they do and everything is ok
Once on my way to work I slipped and fell after I got off the bus and everyone stared at me. I laid there until the bus drove away because I felt so humiliated. \ Oh, that must have been so embarrassing. 
The sad thing is I do stuff like that all the time :( \ I'm sorry it happens to us at times.
A couple months ago I was on my way home from just buying a brand new truck and got in a wreck. \ That is terrible.
Yes, it definitely is. And, it was not even my fault! \ Who fault it was?
My wife want to divorce. I need to prepare myself to not be in very bad financial situation. \ Sorry to hear that. Is the feeling mutual?
I am fine with getting divorce but she trying to get as much money as possible from this divorce. \ That is awful! Hopefully things work out for the better for you!
I stopped at a gas station on the way to work last week and got gas and a scratch off ticket and won $500. \ Congratulations! That is so cool!
Yes, it's the most money I  have ever won on a lottery ticket. It was very shocking. \ I hope you have fun with that money.
A pit bull was chasing me as I was walking home. \ Oh my lord, I would have been terrified. Are you okay?
Yes but I was scared I was going to die. \ I am glad to hear you are okay.
So I have been saving money for about a month now and should have enough for any kind of emergency that may happen. Feels good man. \ That's awesome, it's not easy to do that so kudos to you!
Thanks so much! It definitely relieves some stress knowing that I have a safety cushion. Hoping I don't have any emergencies though! \ I'll keep my fingers crossed that you won
The start of school is soon, I'm ready to get back to work! \ I feel you! Summer is great and all but I miss my classmates and the work I'm studying.
Yeah, I love the feeling of keeping busy during the school year. \ I hope you have a successful semester!
We finished out our fiscal year at my job recently and had performance reviews around the end of it.  \ How did you do ?
I think okay! I had to meet certain goals tied to my compensation and I thought I would hit them and I did!  \ Congratulations, I hope you get a raise.
I'm trying for a promotion this coming February. \ Oh. I hope you get it! 
I think that I will. It would mean a 25% raise. \ That's a pretty substantial raise! 
i was scared walking home the other night \ Oh no! What happened?
someone walked behind me the entire way \ Wow!  I would have been spooked about that too.  What did you do?
I am feeling old! \ are you?
I suppose it's all relative.  I realized it has been almost 25 years since I graduated from high school. \ thats true.
Yesterday was my mom's birthday \ How fun! How did you all celebrate?
Yeah!  I went to her house yesterday (she lives about 30 mins from me) and I cooked her a catfish dinner! \ That's really nice of you. Catfish sure sounds good to me right now!
Having a baby 3 months ago really changed my view on life for the better. \ Oh awesome!  Congrats!!!!  How has it changed life for you?
I was a heavy drinker, and looking back now, I know I was in a downward spiral, I just couldn't tell at the time. Now I'm pursuing my education and have become much more healthy and responsible. \ That's really fantastic!  I'm glad to hear you turned your life around.  
Chaperoning a school dance recently reminded me of my own school dances I went to. I always had a great time. \ Yeah, I remember mine as well. They were always a great time.
I loved dancing the night away with good friends. \ That sounds like so much fun, too bad those times had to ever end.
Last week, one of my coworkers took credit for a job I had completed. I had to get to the manager to get things straightened out. \ I can't believe your coworker would do that to you! Did your manager listen?
Yes he did. He knew that the other guy had been at a different job site, I will still not very happy about the situation. \ I wouldn't be either. Are you going to try to talk to your coworker about it?
I was nervous at first in the spelling bee...but ended up taking first place out of 100 plus kids \ WOW!  Congrats!  Was it hard contest?
Yes it was pretty hard actually \ You must be very smart!
I just back from taking a ride in my boss' new car \ Nice! what kind of car is it
He bought a corvette and man does that thing have some serious power under the hood. \ You're pretty lucky to have a boss like that haha
When i lost my money I felt lost \ I surely feel your pain. What happened?
I engaged in a business that later turned out to be a scam \ That's not good. Sometimes it's difficult to determine what is legit and what is not. 
I met Elton John at one of his concerts because I brought him flowers to the stage. Not an easy task. \ Who is he to you?
An entertainer and a mentor. \ Wow, when did you first meet him
I received a package yesterday and the contents were destroyed! \ Oh goodness, that is terrible.
I just don't understand how inconsiderate some of these delivery companies can be. \ Yeah, delivery services have really fallen off.
At work, I saw a coworker pick their nose and eat it. \ OMG!  How nasty!
It was so gross! \ Did he at least offer to share with you?
Yesterday, after having dinner, my partner left her dishes unwashed. It was very disgusting thing for her to do \ I'm sorry that happened. Maybe she was tired from working all day.
No she was not. She was just behaving very irresponsibly. It is not the first time happening though \ Oh, I understand. Have you talked to her about how you feel about it?
My husband and I are going a  cruise with a couple that we have been friends with for a long time, \ That sounds so great. Who was the one to come up with this plan?
We kind of all came up with it together. They booked it and we just pay them a certain amount of money each week, until our part is paid for. \ I see. I wish I had a partner and we could go to such places together too. Maybe some day hopefully
I'm really looking forward for the new Greek restaurant to open here. \ I have never had greek cuisine
It's really good.  I can't wait to try it! \ There aren't many restaurants where I live. Only fast food.
MY 5 year old acted so mature when I dropped her off for her first day of school \ That is great, she will fit right in!
I was nervous ands she was perfectly fine \ What an excellent way to start school!
I have been waiting for my union members points to come in the mail so I can get two free movie tickets. Ive been wanting to see the new Jurassic Park movie and can't wait! \ What are union memners points?
My Fiance is a part of a union for communications workers and they have rewards points you get to redeem for different things. The points and perks alone arent worth the union fees in my opinion but he wants to be a part of it so \ Oh. Maybe they should lower the fees or up the rewards
We have movie night on Friday \ Sounds fun! What movie are you going to watch?
I don't know yet. Its my daughter turn. The kids always pick gun movies \ Oh. Well that's lovely.. I suppose. Lol. Maybe you should amend the movie night rules with a different theme every time so they are more constrained to what they have to choose from! Haha!
I've been a little nervous lately and I don't know why exactly. \ Nervous? That's interesting. Has anything changed recently? What are your thoughts on why it's happening?
I'm really not sure, it's just a general type of thing. \ I see. I'm sorry you're having trouble with that. Have you thought about therapy? Maybe your health insurance will cover a free consultation or something. Or perhaps you just need a simple routine change, with some exercise and more time outside. I hope you find the answer, whatever it is.
I was flying to see a relative, and my flight got delayed because of weather! Once I got on it and flew to the next airport, I missed my connection because of the first delay. Now I have to stay in the airport all alone, overnight, sleeping on the ground like a dog. \ That was rough, how long ago was this ?
This was yesterday! I just recently was able to move on to my final destination. It was kind of neat to people-watch and see the goofy things that happen in an airport overnight, but it was still miserable overall. \ I'm sorry you had to endure this.
My best friend and I had been roommates all through college. \ That's pretty nice. I'm in college, and I've had three different roommates so far, having to move three different times. Starting to get old. You truly lucked out!
We each just moved out on our own over the summer. I really miss living with her. \ I hope you guys are able to keep in touch. With that kind of experience, it sounds like it could be a good friend for life. As we get older, we let those kinds of people slip through our fingers. Try to maintain it as best you can.
I gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. I thought I could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. I thought it was a sure thing, and now I have none of it \ That is too bad. What are you going to do? Was this your first time gambling?
It was... I went on the advice of my best friend, who knows horse racing. He's never given me advice like that before, so I figured he just felt really confident about it, otherwise he wouldn't say anything. I mean, I still can take out student loans, I just should have been smarter about this. \ That is too bad that you had to learn a lesson that way. I am sorry.
I was sitting on a plane next to an older man, who was telling me about how he had just visited his father, but that it was sad because he has dementia and didn't remember him anymore. I was trying to comfort him, mostly because I worry it will happen to my dad, too. \ It's nice that you tried to comfort him.  I'm worried about my parents, also.  It's hard to be worried about something like that in your family, knowing that you have no control over whether or not it will happen.  It's sad.
Yeah. We grow up thinking they're invincible. And then as we get older, we see that picture deteriorate little by little. And then when they get old and need help, a lot of the time we don't have time or money to help them, so it's just stressful and sad all the way around. \ Agreed - it's very stressful.  I live half a country away from my parents, and I'm worried I won't be able to help when either of them need it.  
I really, really need to leave my job because it's making me miserable, but I'm afraid to make a big change.  I'm worried about financial stability for me and my kids, and nervous about leaving a known quantity for an unknown. \ I feel for you. My girlfriend is in the same position. Luckily we don't have kids to complicate things, but her job wears her out and it doesn't seem like she can physically or mentally keep up with it. Kids just make it so that you feel you have to do it until you die, no matter what.
Yes.  And the tricky part is that you can choose to stay in the miserable job for financial/life stability, and then be crabby and unhappy around your kids, or you can take the risk and maybe be in a worse financial place but be happier at home.  It's tough.   \ At least it sounds like you're giving it a lot of thought. You sound resilient. Most people would just quit or get fired, or not even realize the negative impact it's putting on their children. You seem very self-aware, so I'm sure you will be able to figure out the best decision for everyone involved. Good luck!
I am so proud of my sister \ What did she do?
She bought me a car \ Wow! That was really nice of her! What was the occasion? You guys must be very close.
We are basically best friends. It is my birthday and she worked really hard to get a car for me \ That is so awesome! I am sure you appreciate her for it. It's good that you have a great relationship with her.
My boyfriend is really getting on my nerves lately. \ What did he do?
Every time we go out, he is always talking to other girls. \ That stinks. I'm sorry about that
School starts back next week so last weekend I took my girls to Disney World. \ OH wow! I bet you all had a blast!!
Yes we did they loved it it was such a thrill and the shows and rides was so fun. \ They will really appreciate that when they are older and look back on it. 
My friend showed me a text this guy sent her that shes been talking to. They were talking about where they live in comparison to eachother. The text said "Yeah, and your fat" and I thought wow how rude! But after that he corrected the auto correct saying he meant to say "Yeah, and your far. He must have felt so bad lol \ Omg I was about to say that is so mean and rude and I would be so embarrassed but I know it was a honest mistake I dislike the auto correct. 
Yeah he was probably like, "aw shucks another one lost to the stupid auto correct, is good grammar really worth it?" HAHA \ lol I hope your friend understood and they can still meet up or communicate and if things work out it's a funny to tell in the future. 
I can't wait for Saturday! \ What happens on Saturday?
I'm going to an MMA show in Louisville.  There's going to be a bunch of awesome fights! \ That sounds really cool. Have fun!
I am so sick of cleaning up after everyone! I cleaned the whole house last week. \ I think it's about time you lay down some rules!
No one will even help keep it clean by picking up after themselves. They have undone all the work I did by leaving messes everywhere. \ Is this a roommate situation or are we talking about kids? 
Do you feel content with your life right now? \ Somewhat, ive felt better these past couple months than i usually have
Me too. I think exercise helps ALOT. \ Yes definitely, makes me feel like im doing soemthing good and helps me get better looking and healthier
My friend got a scholarship last year that he was barely able to get, it was quite a large amount of money. \ Nice. What scholarship?
It was the national merit, I felt bad because i felt jealous before i felt happy for him. \ That's natural. Just don't tell him lol. You'll be alright buddy.
I'm hoping to buy a home this fall.  I recently met with a loan officer about a mortgage.  He was very highly recommended by my realtor, so I thought the meeting would go well.  I was really disappointed when I didn't like the guy and he wasn't helpful at all. \ Oh my yeah I would have been pretty irritated! 
Yes, it was a real bummer.  Now I have to search around for someone else to help me get a mortgage.  It's a drag when personal recommendations don't work out. \ Yes it stinks when things just dont work out, but keep your head up, Im sure you will find someone you like that will be a big help to you!
My fiance took a new job about a year ago, and he would eventually get his own work vehicle after the 6 months of training. After that long time of him having the car all day I am happy that his training is over and he gets his work truck and I get the car back! \ Nice!  Six months is a long time to be car-less.  I'm sure you have a new sense of freedom to do what you want and need to do while he's at work now.
Yes I do! Then on the other hand I don't have an excuse when I really dont want to get up and do something too. Double edge sword I guess \ That's funny - true.  Hopefully the good part outweighs that, though.  
I was pretty upset at my friend when he ran away from a fight.  I was actually standing up for him against two guys talking crap but he ran away like a little wuss \ Well that still makes you a great friend! 
Thanks.  Got 6 stitches on my face from a corona bottle when they blindsided me lol...but I still managed to knock out one of them so I was happy \ Sounds like you all should stay away from bars lol. But if it keeps you acting good at home, then so be it. Your friend sounds like he needs a crack too
I am super intrigued to try a few new supplements I have learned about. \ That's cool.  What type of supplements
Chlorella, Bitter Apricot and Wheatgrass. All should help me detox, get my gut in line and give me some much needed vitamins I can absorb. \ That sounds pretty healthy.  Have you always been this health conscious
The week has been going better.  \ Have you had trouble lately?
Yes! Other people always trying to make life stink lol. No big upsets, no drama. I hope it continues \ I hope things go well for you too.
I'm feeling ready for Fall to arrive. \ Oh really? I hate winter though! I don't want that to arrive :)
I hate summer. It's just too hot. \ I prefer it over the winter if I have to make a choice
I was just thinking of my grandmother who passed away 10 years ago. She left me her bible as a reminder. I like reading from it sometimes. \ It's nice that you have a meaningful item from her.  It's a pretty bittersweet feeling thinking about someone you loved who is gone.  
Its a great reminder of her. I used to always see her reading from it in the afternoons. \ That's nice - it's nice that you have memories like that.  I only have a couple of items from my grandparents, and I treasure them. 
My kids have been home with me the past couple of weeks (we're doing minimal summer camp), and they've been driving each other crazy this week. Yesterday they argued so many times that I got pretty frustrated and angry.  It was a tough day. \ That would take such toll one me. Just make sure they have enough to keep them occupied maybe.
Yes, it's been rough.  I have a ton of work to do for my day job (working from home mostly this summer), and other stressful things going on, so I'm not doing a great job of keeping them entertained.   \ Might have to bring them to the park and tire them out. School should starting up soon.
It is a GOOD day, money is okay, paycheck day and there is peace!  \ That's awesome! It's always pleasant to have a good day.
I know right? Especially in my world. I was not looking forward to this day all week but now it's peaceful, so it's great \ Little surprises like that really bring a new meaning to life!
I ran out of my favorite makeup and can't afford to buy more right now, what a bummer. \ Oh, I hate it when that happens :( Have you looked on places like mercari or ebay?
I haven't but that might be a good idea for me to try out! \ Yes! I get makeup I need more than half off on those places
I saw something near impossible...some Indian monks taking turns dragging forward a Subaru in neutral by their testicles...looked painful but hey it beats calling AAA I guess  \ I find this context hard to believe.
It's a documentary about the Aghori Sadhus you should check it out if you're bored lol \ Oh geez! Really, that is interesting, but why would they want too!
My police force is so corrupt. \ Are you a cop yourself
No- I would never want to be- They are too corrupt here. My neighbor has not come out of his house or let his dogs out in days. I am sure they won't do anything! They don't even show for gun shots..rape..beatings etc. \ Dang whereabouts do you live man? I'm in South Texas sometimes cops are like that here too
I am feeling very empathetic to someone this week who sometimes I just want to run over! lol  \ Well that is kind of you. They must really be going through something.
They are mentally ill and the mood swings can be a bit much and seem intentional...as they tend to take it out on me..When they are being good though..it's hard not to be compassionate \ That would be a lot to deal with. I hope things stay good for awhile.
Someone hit my car in the parking lot at the mall. \ Oh god! I would be SO TICKED! Do they have cameras?
They did have cameras, but they were not working that day! and the person did not leave a note. \ That is AWFUL! My mom had that happen too- An old guy hit her atthe gas station and sped off! Seriously not fair!!
once I fell on a nail, And my leg was cut wide open I could see deep into my leg. \ Oh man that sounds horrible. I would probably faint.
I almost did actually,  I had to just look away and pretend nothing happened! \ It must have hurt so much. 
My father passed away. He left me his favorite watch. I like to wear it often to serve as a reminder of how great he was. \ Thats amazing,  I am sorry for your loss, But atleast you have a constant reminder of him.
Yea it sort of makes me happy when I wear it. I can still see him getting dressed in the morning and putting that watch on. \ Thats so sweet.  He is probably looking down happy you are wearing it!
So yesterday i had a deadline for a project at work. I got started really late and didnt think i was going to make it. \ Oh no!, Did you ever end finishing it up in time?
I did. But i had to rush and really hammer at it.  \ Thats good, I just finished studying for a final, And I barely finished in time!
I really was expecting my loan to be approved.  I couldn't believe it when they told me I wasn't approved. \ Oh no that's terrible! Are you going to apply again?
Yes! maybe for a little less money.  but I really really need it. \ I understand. Maybe apply at a different bank this time.
I walked up on a snake in my back yard a few days ago. \ Woow. That is terrifying. Are you alright? Do you live in some rural areas?
Yes, I'm fine. I do live in the country. I killed it. \ Thankfully. Hearing your story, i am terrified now to even walk in my back yard anymore
After shopping at Walmart, upon leaving I saw a homeless man sleeping near the entrance. I was so sad to see the man in that situation \ Yes, that always saddens me too. I see them now and then.
I think there should be some kind of social services to help them come out of this situation \ Yeah, there should be, but often there is not really a good option for them.
That is correct. \ Sorry,  what is correct
Your imagination about my experience. \ Yeah... So tell me more
Cox my old phone was bad \ What was bad about it?
My phone fell off the stairs, so I was expectant of getting a new one \ Did you get a new phone?
i refused to compromise my stand in honesty \ Good for you.  Being honest is important.
thats not polite ! anyway ive learnt the hard way \ Sometimes that's the best way to learn
I got a hand written thank you note from a co-worker in another department. \ The note is for what?
For doing a good job. \ well, expect my note too,though it would be a soft copy
I just arrived in a new country after traveling for two months. There arent many people in the new place I am staying. I am starting miss my friends and home. \ What country? If you don't mind sharing...I'm in South Texas and loving it :)
I just got to Vietnam. When I was in Thailand I met so many people. Now I just cant stop thinking of home.  \ I'm sure you'll meet some cool people if you find a good Pho restaurant!
This cutie I met at the buffet yesterday somehow found me on Facebook...thought she used a receipt at first, but then remembered I paid in cash...wasn't expecting that lol \ Wow she must really fancy you. You should ask her how she found you.
I did and she still hasn't told me lol...still msging me too it's kinda funny \ What a random surprise. Just make sure its not some creepy stalker. 
I was working on a house and a whole section of it was infested with roaches. It was the scariest thing I've ever experienced with bugs. I hate them! \ Oh that is so gross! I hate bugs too!
There were thousands of them and I have never seen it like that.  My skin crawls just thinking about it! \ I hope none of them found a way home with you.
My son is 17 and a high school junior. \ Wow, so close to graduation!  What does he want to do after he graduates?
He just informed me that he is dropping out. I have tried convincing him to finish though. \ Oh no!  I hope you're able to.  I know its hard for kids to look at the longer, bigger picture of life sometimes and just what he's going through now.  I took my GED early at 16 and graduated so maybe he wants to do that and start something else sooner.
I can't seem to get my budget under control and it's really harming me. \ budget for what?
For life \ You mean you have a budget for life?
gave her a task she did not fulfil  \ What?
i gave a subordinate a project but she blatanatly declined \ Maybe she has too much on her plate?
I was at a work dinner and I wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. By mistake, it fell. I felt bad about it. \ Mistakes happen! I am sure people aren't too upset. I have numb hands so I drop things all the time
I understand but it is a little bit embarrassing. \ That is true! But it's part of life, stuff happens. Not the worst!
Feeling a bit scared about the weekend. \ Feeling a bit scared about the weekend.
Why? \ I have a hard time with my anxiety sometimes and I will be alone a lot this weekend. I don't like free time, I like to stay busy so I don't think much.
I understand. Did you try getting out with friends? \ I don't trust a lot of people. I do like being alone sometimes but if not then I just want to be with someone I trust- They are not always available.
I ordered a vacuum from a company online on a warehouse deal..and even though it was inspected..the power button didn't work unless you held it IN! \ That's annoying. So, does it still work and it's just hard to use, or does it just do nothing in general? Deals are always tricky like that, as sometimes they're too good to be true.
I am not keeping something broken. I really needed a vacuum days ago though! So that was really irritating! Dealing with the CS took awhile and was a pain \ Yeah, especially since customer service is usually where companies skimp and don't try to hire or train employees very well. Well, I hope it has a good resolution in the end and something works out in your favor. I'm a clean freak, so I'd hate to not be able to clean properly when I wanted or needed to.
I was planning on meeting up with my father for the first time in a few years since we had a falling out. We had a tentative meeting to see each other at the end of the week, but he's already canceled. \ That is just sad of a Dad to be that way. Kids need a lot of unconditional love..but parents aren't always perfect and sometimes don't know how to love their kids like they should !
Yeah, oh well. He's a pretty introverted guy, so when we got into a big falling out back then, I kind of figured he wouldn't be able to face me again. \ Still doesn't make it okay. I hope he gets some therapy and learns to be a better dad
I was walking on the sidewalk and came across a rotted deer corpse \ Oh gross!  They should have street cleaners taking care of that.  Poor animal.  
I was sick to my stomache when I saw it \ I bet.  I have never seen one up close so that turns my stomach too.  I can't stand seeing injured, hurt, or dead animals. Hope you're feeling better now.
My son graduated from high school and is starting college for engineering next week. \ I bet you are proud!
So very!  I wasn't sure he knew what he wanted to do for a while and might take a break but no, he went right into applying and decided pretty quickly on what he wanted to do in life.  I'm excited for him. \ Good I wish him all the best!
I don't know why some people waste their talents and life. \ I agree. I used to be a deadbeat but now my life is dope.  Are you talking about a friend or family member
Family in a way. That is great that you have grown as a person! It is rare. They complain when they have things good and still aren't happy when it's bad?- I don't get it- I don't get people who want to stay in misery \ Yes you can lead a horse to water...but you know the rest
I'd still take a bullet for my ex and her family. Even though she blocked me on Facebook. Call me a sucker but that girl was my first love and she gave me so much I wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for her \ Definitely not a sucker! If she helped you a lot and you wouldn't be here without her, then YES! Why did she block you? Were you bad to her? Sounds familiar to what has happened between me and a few...I was there for them but had enough and I have had to cuit them out too-
Yes I messed up and ruined a good thing.  I was stressed at my job and took it out on her.  But I'm now self-employed living the dream and just wish she was still by my side \ That is hard..I have been abused and burned...and sometimes you just can't go back..It's like the story of a the girl with the feather pillow..once you say something..you can't ever get it back and it's so hard to repair. Its hard to ever trust someone once they have broken it..I am there myself and don't know if I could ever trust or live with that person again. Life is hard but I am VERY glad you have learned and will treat others better
Im nervous about accepting a job offer I just received. I noticed a couple red flags while I was interviewing. \ That's always a weird situation. You're excited about the offer, and you're worried that if you turn it down that you might not be able to find anything else, or as good. But you also don't want to be tied down to a bad place. What were some of the red flags, if you don't mind me asking?
Well it sounds like I will be working really long hours without getting paid overtime. It doesnt seem like the salary offered will be worth the amount of time I will be at the office. \ That's a really tough position to put yourself in. You would know better than most. I'm a cautious person.. if I felt like there was even a 50% chance of being able to find something close to decent, I'd turn them down. But if you think it's a desert out there and you can't find something to come close, it may be worth gritting your teeth and being there for a few years before you try to move on. I hope it works out!
My girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. She's hearing a lot of "no's." She's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and I'm worried it will be another no. Trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. \ That is tough. I would just make sure everything is nice and clean around the house so she can just unwind. Maybe make a nice dinner and do the dishes after.
Yeah, that's exactly what I thought about doing. It's just weird cause there's only so many times I can say the same lines about how she just has to be patient and to not take it personal, and all that stuff. I just try not to be annoying, I guess. \ I see. I would maybe only bring it up if she wants to discuss. It a hard position to be in.
Oh no the thai place is closed today, where will we eat now? \ Anywhere else? lol- You do not have a lot of thai places in town?
I guess we could go eat BBQ or something else. What sounds good? \ Everything to me lol!  Sweet and sour chicken is the BEST
I am happy today I can feed my birds and get everything I need and there is no drama. \ That sounds like a fine day to me. Do you have many birds?
Oh I meant wild birds, and squirrels etc, I just think of them as mine :) \ Hah I know how you feel I love to feed birds and watch them outside my house as well.
By mistake, my wife during dinner yesterday said to your friend that we hiking the same day that we were suppose to go with them visit a city. \ Uh oh, how did they react to that
They didn't say anything. I was embarrassed. I told to my wife that she was wrong about the date but my wife was insisting. She didn't notice what she was doing. \ Ouch! That's too bad. I would have been cringing!
It is really crucial to being an honorable mate in your relationship. \ Yes, it is important. What happened?
Nothing happened on my end, but my mate used to be a horrible cheater. \ That is bad and difficult to live. Sorry to hear that.
My pet turtle died. \ Oh no! I am so sorry- Turtles need a lot of care to thrive
Usually they're not too maintenence intensive. \ Actually they are, that is why so many die in captivity..They need proper lights and diet etc..I guess if you know how to take care of animals then no- but so many just don't care when they have a pet who relies on them
Looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the SECOND time tomorrow.  \ What happened to the first one?
The one they sent me wouldn't turn on and I needed a vacuum badly.  I hope it works..I swear I will cry if it doesn't. \ I'm sure it will be fine.  Did you buy a good brand?
Yes! Great reviews. The former one just wasn't inspected even though it said it was. Stuff happens, but really I need a vacuum and it's cheaper to get them online \ Yeah occasionally stuff breaks during shipping.
I had a really great job interview. I thought it went well and would receive and offer. They called today to say they went with someone else. Im a little upset. \ So sorry, you never really can tell with these things can you?
Im starting to learn that. I just got my hopes up was all. Well on to the next one I guess. \ I wish you good luck.
I'm really ready for Fall weather. \ Me too. I cant take this heat anymore. It is so muggy outside. Its so annoying.
I live in the South, so I know what you mean. \ Same here. The humidity is just the absolute worse. 
I'm not a greedy person.  But free cash is always a pleasant surprise. It gives me peace of mind to know that my bills will be paid and I have one less worry in my mind. \ is there anything like free cash?
Nope \ i had that nothing good come easily
my son has prepared so much for his presentation, i believe he's going to do well \ Oh nice.  What type of presentation
a new product his company is about to market. his present the marketing plan to the board of directors \ You think it will be a big success?
I'm really happy where my life is right now. \ That's awesome!  Any new changes lately?
A few, but mostly just getting to a more comfortable age. I'm 50. \ That sounds fun! I'm glad youre more comfortable now.
So my car broke down a few weeks ago and my friend has been giving me rides lately \ Can you have it repaired?
Yes, it will be a long process. I'm so lucky to have her as a friend in the meanwhile. \ Yes, I'm sure you'll be very nice to her.
My heart is broken. My wife has left me. \ I am so sorry. I know that must be a difficult time.
Yes. I had no idea she was not happy. \ I hope you can find the positive in the situation and move forward. Focus on yourself.
I am going on a cruise next month with some friends. \ That should be fun. Where does the cruise go to?
We are going to the Bahamas. I cannot wait! It is going to be so fun! \ The Bahamas is beautiful. I am sure you will love it.
It's crazy how the big changes in my life I thought were catastrophes ended up being catalysts for a better future.  I'm thankful for all of them. \ They really do make you stronger dont they. It may not seem like it right away though.
My ex broke up with me 6 months ago.  But since then I've been self-employed, gaining full autonomy of time, and have a bunch of hot girls randomly texting me it's pretty surreal hahaha \ That is a great way to make the best out of the worst. Good for you.
I am currently waiting for my grades to be released. I took a final on Monday. Ive been pacing around like crazy waiting to hear what I made. \ Good luck! Hope you do well
Thanks. I really need the time to hurry up and pass. \ I'm sure you'll get a good grade if you prepared well
Both of my daughters are musicians. \ wow, that's grate. Are you also a musician?
Yes, I play guitar as a hobby. My oldest is a violinist, my youngest is a pianist. \ complete family with so much talent
i gave birth to a beautiful princess \ That makes you a queen.
yes i am a Queen, am so excited, my husband both a special gift for me after my delivery \ What's that ?
The other day I came home after a long day of work, and my husband had left work a bit early and cleaned the entire house!  \ Wow! That would be an awesome surprise to come home to!
Yeah it was awesome! Especially because we had had company over so the place was in need of it for sure \ I would love to have that happen for me! You are lucky!
I applied for a job last week. \ Oh you did? What kind of job?
At a hair salon. I need this job so bad. I will find out next week. \ Are you a stylist? 
My life is not where I want it to be yet...but I know I'm on the right path because I've got full autonomy of time and I'm living it to the fullest so I know I'm on the right track \ That's great! How can you tell you are on the right path?
Because I just paid rent, took care of bills, tire rotation, and still have time to hit the gym 6 days a week and feel like Bruce Wayne \ Congrats! That's awesome
I am sad that my parents didn't attend my birthday \ Do they live in a different state than you?
No, they just are not wanting to come to it \ Sorry to hear that.  Remember those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind
I've always been able to trust my wife and daughters. \ that is good, i hope nothing went wrong
No, we're still good. I'm just proud of that. \ you should be proud of them. Nothing like family
am still expecting a call from the new company i to an interview for. i still believe i will get the job \ I hope it works out for you then.
yes it will, i have strong believe \ Well stick in there and you'll go far.
I was on a high heel, so I slipped, people gathered and was trying to lift me \ I am so sorry to hear that, that is a real bummer. Were you injured?
Oh yes, I broke my ankle. It was really painful \ That is absolutely awful! How long did it take for your ankle to heal?
I was so apprehensive to check my mail today, but my heart erupted when I realized that I had 5 acceptance letters to medical school! \ Wow, you must be very brilliant
Awww, you are very sweet to say that. I don't think I am, I just applied to quite a number of schools and kept my fingers crossed. \ For them to really give you that, that means you got sharp brain
I'm 100% positive in my capabilities that I can make a billion dollars in a year.  It's my time to shine and I'm gonna get it nothing can stop me \ Wow, that would be a huge accomplishment if you did it!
Yes I know I can. \ Excellent, hopefully you will share some of your wealth with me.
My mom got back on her feet very quickly after leaving her abusive boyfriend. I'm amazed my her determination. \ That's great.  She sounds like a passionate and independent woman.
She is! \ I wish her and you the most abundant blessings and wealth and success.
my spouse just gave me a surprise gift, my heart is filled with so much joy  \ That was nice of him. What was it?
he bought a house for me. OMG is an edifice, i can't help it, am over happy \ That is great! Were you able to help pick it out?
We are expecting severe weather tonight.  \ what kind of weather is that?
Possible tornadoes. I have cleaned out a safe spot in the basement and filled a tote with food and emergency supplies just in case. \ yah, safety first. 
I was visiting my parents in my old home town. I passed in front the movie theater where I used to work. I remember having so much fun there. \ what kind of fun did you remember having there
Just goofing off with all my friends. No real worries. It was cool to see it looked the same as 20 years ago. \ wow quite a long time
my son is taking his promotional exams i believe so much in him. he has prepared well enough to be the best \ He should be fine if he has prepared. I hope he does well.
yes he will, he's always doing well \ That great. Im sure you are real proud of him.
hey... i just found out i didnt get the promotion i thought i was getting \ Oh well maybe you'll get your blessings in a different way you didn't expect
thanks i hope so!!! another one of my coworkers got it... and i was sure it was going to be me!!! \ It's cool, I got fired from my old job 5 months ago...only to upgrade to a self-employed lifestyle, making 2000 a week and hot chicks coming in and out of my apartment every night lol
I live the life of my dreams.  As a result I've got a lot of haters so I'm always ready to knock out a jealous little punk who tries crossing me at all times \ its sad but true, people dont want to see others doing well! got to be ready to protect what is yours! 
Yes I have a feeling you're gonna be a winner.   \ just keep working, learning and trying new things, cant go wrong like that i think!
I'm looking forward to my daughter's fall concert. \ Sounds exciting!
I look forward to them every year. \ Well I hope you have fun and I hope she does well.
I rode on an airplane last week and there was so much turbulence! \ I bet that was frightening and nerve racking.
Yes, I was so on edge. It was not fun! \ At least you made it through allright.
Last spring, it rained so much my basement ended up flooding. \ oh god, what do you do at that time
Well, I did my best to save what I could. A lot of irreplaceable things were destroyed however, photos among other things. \ how did you feel at that time
that is in my childhood at the game park \ Did you play there a lot as a child?
yeah, the side effect is shown now \ Well, I hope you can recover from that as time passes.
My daughter has been sick and I've been taking care of her. \ Im sorry to hear that. How long has she been sick?
Not long, but I love her so much. That's what parents do!  \ Absolutely! I would do anything for my kids too.
I was out in the yard and I found a rabbits nest with a bunch of babies in it right in the middle of the yard! \ Oh wow! Are the babies ok?
They are fine. I put some tree branches over it to give it some protection from predators and the elements  \ Good thinking. I'm sure the parent bunnies appreciated that.
My girlfriend got tickets to a sold out concert this weekend for my birthday. I had no idea she did that. She kept a secret. \ because she wanted to give you a surprise present
She played it off well because she told me it was sold out and she was unable to get them. \ hahahahah, i like the suspense, she is good at giving surprises 
i regret watching horror movie last night because it kept me awake all through the night with much fear \ Horror movies give me so much anxiety. I cant watch them late at night.
i won't even try it again, i get scared at every sound \ Maybe watch a comedy tonight. That might help out a little.
When my doughter was born I knew she would change my life.  \ That is amazing.  Those moments are wonderful and priceless!  How old is she now?
She is turning 2, being with her everyday brings me such joy. \ I love when they are young and it so fun to see what they learn and discover each day.  When they say enjoy every moment, they are so right!
This is the first time I drop my kids off to school and I know it'll be hard but I know the school si really good and the teachers are so wonderful. \ It is the start of their learning journey, be excited!
Yes! I'm looking forward to what they will learn and experience.  It'll be a learning process for me to get used to not having them with me all the time.  I know it will be good for all of us though. \ Definitely, I wish them the best
So the other week we were swimming and my one year old almost fell in the pool. \ Oh no, have you made adjustments to ensure that wont happen again?
totally, my heart was beating so fast. \ I bet, kids need a lot of eyes on them, but its a catch-22 because you do not want to be too over protective
I keep thinking about my grandmother. \ Oh no, is she ok?
She passed away last year and I do not know how to cope with it. \ I'm so sorry. Do you have a good support system?
A you tuber bought me a car,it totally caught me off guard. \ wow, what did you do to deserve the car?
Not really, i was picked to be one of their lucky winners. \ thats intresting, you must be very happy now
i felt lonely because i have never been left all by myself before \ You should find something interesting to do.
like what \ Go hand out with friends or host a night over sleep,that would be fun.
My lottery ticket hit a bumper prize. \ How much is that?
It's $10,000. It took my breathe away. \ Oh wow, that will help you out immensely.
This morning driving into work, people were refusing to use their blinker. \ The quality of driving is going down and down.
It is and soon it will be very unsafe on the roads \ Yeah, I agree. we've have to drive carefully.
A woman that I work with just got promoted and also won a trip for two to New York that was an office contest. Some people get it all. \ Did you want to go to New York?
I really did!  It is an all expense paid trip for 6 days.  I haven't had a vacation in about 6 years.  I don't usually win contests though. \ Maybe you will win something else!
Hi, I made a mistake at work last week \ Oh no!  Was it a big one or not that big of a deal?
It was a big deal to me, but I don't think anyone noticed. \ Oh good.  Well, at least its a big deal to you because that means you're taking things seriously and concerned about your work.  
There was this party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours because she was moving away. I totally accidentally spilled wine on their light colored carpet. I was mortified because so many people were there, if it had just been my friend then I probably wouldnt have been such a big deal to me. \ Oh no, did people make you feel bad for the accident?
No but they weren't exactly helpful either. The host of the party and the girl she threw it for helped me try and clean it up best as I could but others were just passive and unhelpful. \ That sucks, if everyone pitched in to help it probably would've been cleaned up in record time.
It's amazing how much money I saved this month once I really put my mind to it. \ Yes all it takes is cutting back on some things you maybe dont need. I know it can be  hard to do though!
It is a lifestyle change, that's for sure! \ Yes! Even $5 a week helps!
Last week at the end of the week I got home from work and was pretty tired.  I ended up just sitting on the couch with my wife and dogs watching tv.  It was nice. \ Souds like you were content.
Quite a lot, actually.  It was a nice way to spend the evening. \ I feel you. Sometimes its nice to veg out and just watch tv.
I found a brown recluse in my room this morning (a type of poisionous spider) \ Oh that's terrible!  What did you do with it?
I rained death upon him. \ Good choice.  Can't mess with a brown recluse.
This week is a big week for me at my job.  \ Do you think it will be good news or bad news? 
 I should find out if I get a bonus or not. I am hoping its good news! \ Very exciting. I hope you get it.
So tonight I am seeing my favorite band for the first time ever. I have been a big fan for a while now. \ Awesome, do you plan to go early to try and get autographs?
I am so pumped up. I would love to do that. Great idea. \ Enjoy yourself, if I may, refrain from recording it on your phone, just be in the moment!
Have you ever walked into a room and knew you were the most interesting person there?  \ I personally have not, You must have though?
Last night I walked into an event like I owned the place and gave off an aura that everyone wanted to be a part of. \ That's amazing. You sound extremely confident!
So, the other day my four year old smashed my favorite figurine.  \ Oh no, did you get angry with him?
Yes. I made him apologize and stay in his room with no toys for an hour. \ Thats a fair punishment, they have to learn somehow
I just found out that my parents are bringing my husband and I and my kids on a week long trip to Hawaii!  \ Oh how exciting, to the big island or somewhere else?
To the smaller one, Kauai. We were shocked!  I have always wanted to go but we just never have money for vacations. \ Take advantage and make a lot of memories with your family!
Losing your family pet after 10 years is one of the hardest things I have had to do \ Oh no.  I am so sorry.  I have been there and its devastating.  How is everyone doing?
We are ok but I am not sure I can recover \ It will take time.  Allow yourself to grieve and also doing something to remember your pet can help give closure.  Take care and take a day at a time.
My wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. \ That's cool. What does she want to do there?
She wants to be a nurse She will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed \ That's cool. I have worked in a hospital as a nurse before.
My kid's school put on a play and I was very impressed with the level of production of it. \ What role did your child use.
He was a supporting character. He did really well. \ Awesome, I am sure you are proud of his individual effort.
I can not wait for tonight \ Do you have something exciting happening?
 I get to start my 2 week vacation! \ That's great!  I would be pumped!
I didn't get selected for a leadership training class at work.  I feel so let down by my work! \ Is there another class you can apply for?
No, and now I will have to wait another year for the next class. \ That is a shame, keep your head up and hopefully you can get into it next year.
I was going to a wedding outside of my city, and had arranged to have my dogs watched while I was gone, but the person backed out really soon before I had to leave. \ Oh no! That's awful!  I watch animals for a few different people and I would never do that.  That's very unprofessional. Did they have an emergency?
Something like that, they were vague.  It was through a company so I couldn't really get much out of them.  Luckily a friend stepped up and watched them for me. \ That's ridiculous.  I was going to see who might have helped you.  I'm so glad your friend helped.  Hope you had a great time!
My son was hit by a car while driving and half of the car was crushed, but he was virtually unscathed! I'm so happy! \ Oh that's really lucky!  What happened, did someone run a light or something?
They were texting while riving around a curvy road.  I can't believe people don't think they will cause harm while texting and driving.  Yes!  I don't care about the car. I'm just so thankful he's safe! \ That stinks, but I'm glad he's ok!  That must be the scariest thing!
Why no response please? \ Who are you waiting for a response from?
Worker 2 \ I don't understand the context of this conversation.
I have a huge chance to win a PS4! \ Wow, please make it real.
There's only 2 other people in the final round! Winning a PS4 will be awesome! \ Wow, I belief u can make it.
I saw a giant spider in my bathroom this morning. Startled the heck out of me! \ Do you know what kind of spider it was?
I don't, but I was really worried it was a black widow. It really scared me. \ Did it get you?
Hi, I am remembering a time in college when we did some cool activities! \ Oh yeah? What kind of activities?
Fun ones. They were with a team so I think they are team building ones! \ Oh neat. I love those kinds of games.
it drew shivers of my spine,when i remember the last incidence that occurred along same route \ What exactly happened?
well, it was a drive through a lonely street bedevilled by notorious hoodlums \ Could you call the police?
I dove into the pool this past weekend and my swimsuit fell off!  \ uhmnnn! so what then happened after that?
Everyone was staring and laughing at me \ So how did you respond to that?
I was tired last night and my wife was out of town, so I went to bed early.  I ended up lying with my dogs in bed for a while watching TV before falling asleep. \ What kind of dogs do you have?
A wire haired dacshund and a shephard mix thing \ Do you like to watch tv with you doggies?
Have you ever stepped in the horse poo? \ I haven't, though I've stepped in other poo.  Is it similar to others?
Yes a little bit. What types of poo have you stepped in? \ Dog mostly, cat once or twice.  Possibly human, but I'd rather not think too hard on that.
I had to give a presentation at work the other day. So glad I had all my ducks in a row. \ Oh good.  I'm glad you were prepared.  How did it go?
It went really well. Thankful I had time to prep, get my files in order, and practice what I was going to say. \ Perfect!  Nothing better than being prepared and accomplishing something well!  Great job!
I'm going back to college at 36 and start next week. \ That's exciting! How do you feel about it?
I'm looking forward to it and a bit nervous but I don't usually get intimidated about new things like that.  I really want to get my nursing degree so its worth it. \ That sounds great. I hope it goes well!
I'm moving to the beach in 6 months and the anticipation is killing me! \ Oh I have always wanted to live at the beach, I bet you will have a blast
I am hoping so.  I always love going there on vacation, and I hope I feel as relaxed living there as I do when I'm on vacation. \ Best part about it is you will never have to leave!
I had a court date to dispute a parking ticket. \ I hate parking tickets!  What a rip off.  How did it go?
I had my dashcam video and witness statements ready to go \ Sounds like you were prepared.  Did you get it dismissed? 
I saw my boss driving a brand new car today.  \ The company must be doing well then?
I am sure they are, but it isnt being passed to the lower level workers, I wish I could afford things like that \ Ahh I see what you are saying. Maybe yall will get bonuses.
Tomorrow I will find out how I have been doing at work. I am really nervous. \ Just show them what you have accomplished this past year
I have been receiving good feedback. I still get nervous though. \ Just be confident in your ability!
My wife has been out of the country for school for a month and a half.  She gets back in a couple weeks, and it's getting tougher to wait. \ Do you talk with her on the phone?
I do, every night.  It's still hard going from having someone around every day to never, but I'll get through. \ Will you throw her a comeback party?
I have finished my college education! \ Congratulations!  What degree did you get?
I got the one in business field! \ Awesome!  I bet that's a really versatile degree, you should be really successful!
My husband left work early the other to come get me after my car broke down. I appreciated it so much! \ Oh man! That was so nice of him! You're lucky to have him
I really am. I was so glad he came through for me. Such an amazing guy. \ Hopefully you can pay him back in some way! 
My dad was cleaning out his attic when he found a box of my old stuff from childhood  \ Oh, that's cool. Did you find any good memories in there?
I did! He found my favorite childhood book of mine and I just sat there thinking about all the memories  \ Nice! It sounds like a really good bonding experience.
Hi, I have a big business presentation tomorrow! \ Are you fully prepared for it?
Absolutely. I worked on it all week! \ Great, good luck to you!
Being a child was the best. \ Why do you think that is?
I just remember laughing and running on summer days with my friends \ Yes, do you ever remember playing in the ocean?
I was in the grocery store and my 3 year old blurted out, "Mommy, why is that lady so round?" I was mortified. \ Oh man, kids can be terrible about things like that.  They just have no filter.  What did you do?
I just peeked back at the lady and I couldn't tell if she had heard or not but she was fairly close.  I know, usually I can catch them before they say something but not this time.  I just said loudly, "Honey, don't say things like that." \ Well, that's the best you can do, is teach them what's appropriate and what isn't.  I think you handled it well.
My wife is out of the country for school, and the other day she was having a really bad day.  I couldn't really do anything to help, and it made me feel bad. \ I'm so sorry.  I know you must've felt helpless but coming from a wife's perspective; I would know my husband couldn't be right next to me but his words and love make all the difference. 
Thanks, that's actually really helpful.  It's been tough being apart for so long, we haven't been apart more than a couple days since we started dating. \ I totally feel you.  My husband as gone for work so much for a couple years.  It will just be a season of life and then you'll be back together!  Communicating even more than ever and encouraging each other can help so much.  You're doing great!  I hope you're together soon!
My son really needs to cut down on the amount of sugary snacks he has! \ Who is supplying these snacks? 
Well, my wife gets them on deals, so likes to hoard them in the cupboard.  \ Sounds like a cupboad cleaning is necessary. If they ain't around, they can't be eaten.
I lost 40 pounds by eating right and going to the gym. Some people were surprised at my results. \ That's awesome! What type of foods did you mostly eat?
Before I ate anything I wanted, but when I made a change, I threw out all pasta and sweets. I ate only chicken salad and green beans.  \ Those sound like much healthier choices. Congratulations! How long did it take to achieve your goal?
I proposed to my girlfriend 2 months ago.  \ So did she accept your proposal?
She did and  I knew at that time and for the rest of time she would be the only woman I would be with \ thats nice to know,hope you find happiness together?
He was lots of price at the maths competition,and i  stood by him as he received the awards \ How proud of him were you?
i mean i simply cannot not exhaust it if you know what i mean \ Just keep admiring your child.
My average in College was a C \ That's pretty good.  you know what they say, "C's get degrees"!
Exactly, as long as you have that in hand, why push yourself for a better grade \ I know I sure didn't in college.  Did you get a job in your desired field?  That's what really matters.
I went to the store and took a small bunch of bananas without paying for them.  I feel really bad about it. \ Have you thought about telling the store?
No, I can't afford to pay for them, so what's the point. \ To clear your conscious 
My husband has been travelling for work for years now and we just found out that he might be able to work from home anywhere in the world. I really want it to work out! \ That's great! what will you do with all the extra time together?
I guess we'll have to get used to each other all over again and then start some hobbies together.  We used to workout, hike, play tennis, and lots of other things so if he's able to actually do this; I'll have to start brushing up on things again! \ sounds like fun to me! enjoy the time.
All my cucumber plants died this week due to too much rain \ Oh man. What a bummer!  I love cucumbers and hummus!  Do you have anything else you're growing that survived?
My tomatoes and peppers are doing really well for starters.  \ Oh good, I'm glad the entire garden didn't get ruined.  I would love to plant a garden one day soon since I went vegan plant based about 3 months ago.  Happy tomato eating to you!
I almost got into a fight the other day at a store. \ So who annoyed you?
A guy budged in front of some other people, I confronted him about it, and we got into an extremely heated exchange. \ So did it result in a brawl?
I lost my job for 2 years now.I was invited for an interview by a multinational org. \ Those two years must have been tough.  But this sounds like an exciting opportunity for you!
Well,i scaled through 3 stages of interview, awaiting the last stage also \ Good luck in the final stage.  I hope you get the job.
To this day I am still frightened to go near a cemetery.  \ They're super creepy. Did something happen?
Nothing in particular, I just get a bad feeling about them \ I understand that. They just give off such bad vibes.
I'm getting pretty nervous about this bad storm headed for the city tonight. \ Can you go to a shelter?
We have a basement, so I'll go there. I'm just worried it's going to do damage to our house. We have big trees in our yard. \ Stay away from the windows just in case.
I still use all of my mothers cooking pots. She passed away a few years ago. Its a great reminder of her. \ That is so wonderful that you have something of hers.  I'm so sorry you lost her.  That is so difficult.  Did she love cooking?
Yes and she was very good at it. I can still see her cooking my favorite dishes when I use them.  \ You still have her right there with you!  Its wonderful to know that you're keeping her food and memories so alive!
Someone gave my husband and I tickets to a concert and we can't wait to go, but my sister really loves the band we're seeing so I feel bad going too. \ Yea that is kind of a weird situation. I am sure she would want you to have a good time though.
She did say she wanted us to have fun but she's been kind of quiet and evasive since then.  Maybe I'm reading into it. \ I wouldnt let it ruin a good time. Just dont mention it anymore maybe. Im sure you feel a little guilty.
the neighbor's trash can had blown over and there was garbage all over the road \ Oh what a mess. I would hope that they picked it up.
they did as soon as they got home and saw it \ Well at least they cleaned up after. I would have been more annoyed if they didnt.
For a while my husband was really sick with the flu \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he's feeling better now.
He is but I just felt so much love for him because there wasn't anything he could do \ He's lucky to have you there.
One night I just got done reading some really scary stories and what made it worse is that my door opened seemingly on its own not long after! \ Hahahaha, it's really scary to read scary stories at night.. I had that experience 
Everyone must have at least once in their life. I checked to see what opened the door and it was just my cat pushing it open haha. \ Hahaha, you thought it was a ghost right?? 
My dad got me a new car recently  \ Wow that's awesome! What kind of car did you get?
He got me a Honda car \ Great to hear, they're really reliable good cars.
I recently moved to my dream location, but it sucks not knowing anyone.  \ congratulations! I know, it probably feels lonely. Maybe you should do a party at your house and invite all the neighbours
That actually sounds like a really good idea! Thank you... now to decide what to cook.. lol \ you can't go wrong with some grilled food :) burgers, wings, hot dogs 
so i saw a snake outside my apartment today, i hate snakes, so disgusting eww \ I would have went running like forest gump - what did you do? 
went back inside the house and called animal control. it looked like a copperhead so i'm not messing with them \ Going to have to burn the whole house down now, and move... LOL just joking! 
During christmas a few years ago, I did not get any presents. \ Wow, that must be terrible, I cannot imagine, I lvoe christmas
Since that day christmas has not been a good time for me. As I have no family, christmas is always the worst. \ Wow, I am sorry to hear that, I wish I could make it a better holiday for you!
My coworker is allowed to work remotely, but I am not... \ I work remotely, I wish that you could do something like that as well.
I do too, it is unfortnuate because, unbiased, I am our best performer, so it is curious \ Sometimes in life, it is not about performance. Some people just get a shiner spoon.
im happy with what all i have accomplished this summer \ Could you tell me what you have done?
i put a lot of work into my small business im starting and spent a lot of time with friends a family so far \ That sounds great, I hope you succeed.
When people make me wait, i get really anxious \ I can understand that. Do you try to find ways to fill your time while you're waiting?
