they removed the movies from the app to prevent you from checking in \ that is a little aggravating , i would be pissed too 
i just love christmas , and every time a christmas story movie comes on around december i just have to sit down and watch it , brings back happy memories  \ it is a great time of the year
Its the best honestly , well i like  the other holidays but this one just has a special place in my heart  \ i agree.
Kids are going to my sisters for the weekend. I can't wait \ Ooh, cool, what are you gonna do while they're away? 
Absolutely nothing and I am looking forward to it lol \ Nice, sounds like a relaxing weekend.
I hate giving big presentations and being the center of attention. \ Me too. Its nerve wrecking
I know! Like, mentally, I don't care, but my body just responds by making my legs shake, my heart pound, and speaking too quickly. \ Maybe you should take some classes to help you with that
Last month, I was very upset. \ Sorry to hear that. What were you upset about?
I got C in one of the important exams \ A C is not too bad. I know how you feel, I hold myself to a very high standard as well. It could have been much worse though!
I had to dogsit for my dad about a week ago. I had to clean up dog poop at least 10 times, it was awful. \ Ohh, cleaning dog poop is always been annoying, yet petting the dog is always amusing.
Oh yes. I wish I could say petting the dogs counteracted having to clean up after them, but I would be lying. \ Ha ha. I feel sorry for you though. No one likes to clean the dog poop!
On the way home tonight the car coming towards me would not turn off their bights and made me almost miss the curve coming up! \ Oh no that's so dangerous. Are you okay?
I'm fine. Just really mad! \ Yes, I would be too. That was so irresponsible of them!
I'm hosting a dinner party for some friends tomorrow night. \ That's very nice of you. I hope you guys have a great time!
Thank you very much. I believe that I have gotten everything ready for it. Fingers crossed. \ I'm sure it will go well! What are you cooking?
MY son is still awake. He is 3 \ Sorry to hear that. Sounds like sleep for you might not be in the cards tonight?
He does that every time I have to get up early. I think he reads my calendar lol \ I'm hoping for a miracle for you so that you can get a little bit of shut eye!
So I was listening to rap in my car with the windows down. The people in the car next to me were just staring at me. It was kinda awkward. \ That has happened to me several times
Yeah, not gonna lie my face turned a bit red and I rolled the windows up slightly. Thankfully they are very tinted so they probably didn't notice my shame. \ Lol. They probably just laughed about it over dinner
This weekend I'm taking my kids to Six Flags \ That is nice. Do you take them frequently?
Not very often so they're gonna be really surprised. \ That is a good surprised.
I got a foreclosure notice from the bank. I am preparing myself to move out from my home. I am trying my best to loose less money as possible. \ Oh no! I hate to hear that! Have you found another place yet?
I am looking and I am trying at the same time to find the best buyer to be able to recover some of the money. \ Well I think you'll be able to sell it for a good price.
I recently graduated from college. I loved it and now I feel great about my life! \ That sounds fun, starting a new life is always great!
I agree. I am thinking about moving to the West Coast of the USA. \ West Coast is fun, but it can be expensive.
I saved the tickets from my first concert \ its funny what one saves , i saved a mickey mouse that was given to me while i was in the hospital things like 20 years old lol
The first thing I made in pottery class was supposed to be a mini cactus pot. I use it as an ashtray now lol \ good times , you got to hold on to the memories 
every time i go to any fast food joint like mcdonalds they always get something wrong , but that one time they get everything right im actually happy .... and they want to get increased in pay lol \ That's why they are being replaced by machines lol
i saw an episode of lockdown once where people would go through the drive threw to order there food, they did not know it but a call center in prison was taking there orders lol \ I thought I had seen every episode of lock down. I haven't seen that lol
I am worried my cat is not feeling well. She doesn't move around much. I hope she doesn't have any health problems. \ Oh no! I hope she's ok. Have you taken her to the vet?
I will take her tomorrow. I am hoping that she feels better soon. \ I hope she does too. Maybe spend extra time loving on her tonight she she'll feel better.
They say the weather is gonna be bad tonight. I hope the thunderstorms aresn't severe. \ I hope so too. Stay inside just in case.
Oh I will, storms scare me really bad! \ I hate lightning. It makes me jump every time.
All my friends moved away to go to college this week. \ What are you going to do?
I don't know, probably just sit here and miss them. \ Won't you visit?4
I went to target today to browse around. \ Oh man, that always leads to trouble for me lol
Well I decided to get a pizza and it was horrible. What happened to pizza hut? \ They probably changed their crust or something, they always do that mess.
I love looking at all my family pictures , it always makes me smile when times were simpler and everyone was happy \ I know that feeling
why did we want to grow up so quickly is beyond me \ I know right. I was never truly explained the world of "bills"
I should be asleep \ me too , but i had a long day at work and right now im just relaxing in the cold air for a little bit longer 
MY daughter is going back to school. I am probably going to stay up all night just so I can get some good quiet sleep while she is gone lol \ that sounds like a great plan honestly 
I plan on paying off a credit card this weekend. \ That's wonderful. It always feels good to pay off debt I think.
I know. I have been working pretty hard so that I can get it out of the way \ Yes, you must be very proud for accomplishing that.
I'm feeling really stoked about this coming weekend. \ Whats goin on?
Going to meet some friends I haven't seen in a LONG time and probably catch a movie. \ That should be fun. I have to work this weekend. I need to hang with friends before I go crazy
MY daughter finally went to bed at a decent time \ Bedtimes can be really hard for the kids and the adults too. LOL
That is definitely true. I was pretty much forcing her all summer break and she still wouldnt go \ Oh no, I have to take her side now. Summer's are made to break the rules.
5 \ 6
LOL....sorry I was just messing around.I called in to work when I wasn't sick. Then I felt bad for leaving them shorthanded  \ The place didn't fall apart did it?
No but I couldn't enjoy my day away for thinking about it. \ Well, that has never happened to me. I never think about work when I'm not there lol
I forgot to wear a belt today. That is a no no for me \ yeah thats annoying , its happened to me before
I think for half the day people could see my underwear. I went and bought one \ i used rope from the warehouse once as a belt 
Every payday im so happy, then i pay all my bills and left with but a few bucks , and i think .... welcome to the real world  \ That's how it works, for most of us lol
ah lifes beautiful that way lol \ If only they had told us sooner.
My parents are coming to visit me for Christmas this year finally \ Did you usually visit them?
I did but we usually met up at other family members houses but this year they chose my house! \ That's cool! Are you gonna go all out with decorations and things?
I have to meet my boyfriends parents soon. \ Are you nervous? I'm sure they're gonna love you.
I don't want to go. I don't think he and I are meant for each other.  \ Then throw the whole dude away and get you a new one! You deserve the best!
 rent my home with arnb to a young couple. When I came back, I found my home totally destroyed. They even took a dump in the living room. \ That is a real bummer. I hope you got a security deposit. They won't be getting that back.
The security deposit don't cover enough for the damages they did. I feel totally destroyed. \ Make sure to leave feedback on their profile. Hopefully they can't get any more rentals.
I saw a black cat cross my street yesterday. Now I think something very bad will happen to me. I am so superstitious. \ I am sure nothing will happen to you.
I hope so. I will be extra careful around things that could hurt me. \ I understand. Sometime, I become also superstitious.
I was trying to get some work done but people kept interrupting me with questions. \ Did you flip out?
No but it can make it hard especially when your on a deadline. \ That's true. Were the questions even important?
Every time I open a soda it disappears \ From you drinking it or someone taking it?
MY children take them. They are so sneaky too.  \ I think it's time to hide your drinks from them. It works. That is what my Mom did when I was a kid.
we were in class and i had not enough sleep the previous night because i had gone to a party. i slept on my desk and later found on my facebook wall a video of me sleeping while the students laughed at me. \ Oh no! That's not very nice but I guess you can play it off by just acting cool and laughing it off. 
i did but i feel so embarrassed  \ It's okay it's pretty funny, and it'll be forgotten about so quick anyhow. I know how it feels haha, we all do.
I have a doctor appointment tomorrow for a check up. \ Are you concerned about aomething?
Yeah, I'm worried that he might find something wrong. I don't know what but the possibility is always there. \ Think positively. Stressing yourself out can definitely cause a problem
I love telling stories about my younger days to my children. \ That's always fun, the kids always love it so much
Sometimes I think they wish I'd shut up lol. I love it though \ Probably so but they'll remember it in the future and have fond memories.
I caused a car wreck today, I pulled out in front of someone. \ Oh no! Are you okay? 
I'm fine but I don't think the other driver was. I felt really bad about it but I didn't see them, \ It's okay, everyone makes mistakes sometimes. I hope the other driver is okay.
I was really worried about how I'd afford textbooks this semester.  \ Were you able to get them?
Yes, everything's taken care of, thanks to my boyfriend-- he surprised me with all of the books I needed! \ That was so sweet of him! You're lucky to have such a sweet boyfriend
I have to make a dreadful phone call tomorrow \ Oh no, about what?
I'm late on my rent and I need another week. I don't want to because my landlord isnt very nice \ Oh no, I've been there done that too many times.
After I went to the bathroom today I realized I did something so stupid. \ OH no
I tucked my skirt into the back of my pantyhose! \ You won't believe how many times that has happened to me
I went shopping today to treat myself \ that is really fun to do, waht did you buy?
Well nothing at the first store. I tried on a dress and come out to the mirror and the dress was up in the back. The entire room saw my undies \ i really like going once a month to buy something i really want helps with my anxiety
i was really glad i finished my service for the military \ Thanks you for your service
it is a pleasure i am really proud i did this for my country \ Which branch?
My pet parakeet died recently. I was devastated. Polly was such a good bird. \ Oh no! I can only imagine how that would have felt! How old was it?
She was 7. I made a shrine for her in my room. I like to spend a few moments every day talking to her. \ Aww that's so sad! But it's good to know she will be remembered
I had a car accident the other day! \ Oh that is a real bummer. Were you hurt?
Yeah it was! No luckily nobody got hurt thanks. The worst part was actually having to talk to the insurance company \ Ok glad you did not get injured. I hope your car gets fixed.
I am finally going on a date \ Yay! I am excited for you,  Have you known her long?
Well its a guy I met through friends. I have been single for 2 years. I think my kids wanted me to get out of the house more than I did myself \ HAHA I see I see,  Thats good! I hope it goes well and you fall in love
Well thanks. I just wanna have some fun though \ dont we all :)
I was rummaging around my closet yesterday and found my old collection of Pokemon cards \ Seems one would know where that kept such precious things
LOL, I guess they weren't so precious after all.  I used to love those things. \ I never got into the pokemon craze
My dad made plans to visit this week and hang out with me and my kids \ Well that will be fun for you guys!
Well he has already cancelled as usual so it won't be \ Oh no, I hate to hear that. Did he have a good reason?
I'm thinking about trying out a dating app but I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with that \ I have been thinking about it too. ITs hard out here
It really is. I just don't know about meeting strangers on the internet. It seems so dangerous. \ I know right. Especially for women.
I was watching a TV show and the couple were getting married. It was so sweet that it made me cry. \ Awe I love weddings! Were they having a big wedding or a small one?
It was big. But it made me feel down because I haven't had one yet. \ You will when the time is right and it'll be beautiful.
It was so warm out today, it reminded me of summer vacations from my childhood. \ I love it when I something takes you back to yesterday. It's just so nostalgic and that can be a great feeling.
It really is, especially when they pressures of adulthood are stressing you out. \ So true. Whenever it happens I just close my eyes and embrace it.
I was surprised my brother signed up for the army. \ Oh ,really,that's so brave of him
Yeah, it might have just been an ROTC thing, but he did some traveling. \ Ok,where did he travel to?
My uncle was a drunk but i still loved him, he died walking to by beer and the irony is he got hit by a drunk driver that always makes me feel sad thinking about it  \ I don't know if I should laugh or cry or both on the one lol
i usually cry thinking about it  \ I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be rude. Hopefully his demise showed someone out there that drinking is bad and made them change their life.
My friemd just got certified as a pharmacy technician \ Alright! is that a big money promotion for them?
From her current job yes. She was struggling in school. I was surprised she did so well on the first try. \ Thats great! did yall go out and celebrate?
I had this amazing toy truck as a kid and accidentally broke it \ Did you cry?
yes I was devistated no other toy could make me happy \ Well it looks like you survived!
Sometimes I fell like I will never get outof this apartment. \ Do you mean that literally or are you just ready to move?
I want to live in a house. Every time I save something happens and I have to spend it \ Don't give up. I know it can be discouraging when your trying so hard. But it will happen.
I was going out on a blind date and just wasn't sure if it was a good idea or not. \ How did it go?
Certainly not worth all the worrying I did about it beforehand. \ Im not sure if that's good or bad.
I'm about to ride a roller coaster for the firat time in my life \ I am so afraid of coasters.
I am too. What if I get on it and something bad happens and I die? \ That is very unlikely. Thats what they say.
Games of Thrones is ending. Its Bittersweet \ Would you believe I have never seen one episode of that show? How sad that it's ending before I even got to watch it!
I am rewatching the last season now. I cant wait to see how it ends. \ Well don't tell me what happens, I might just go watch it all now lol
I saw my ex the other day and he has a new girlfriend already. \ stuff like that makes me wonder if they had been talking to each other the whole time
Exactly! And she's a major downgrade too, she's so ugly and stupid. \ i feel you , but you will find someone better and he downgraded lol
The other day i saw the boy in the striped pajamas movies , boy was that a downer the end almost made me cry \ I've never seen that but I love a good tear jerker!
watch it i wont spoil much , but its about the holocaust  \ I'll have to check it out this weekend. Anything about the holocaust makes me cry.
I am sending my daughter to school with extra suppies this year \ That's a smart move! Good thinking!
I noticed last year a lot of kids didnt have everything. I hate to see that. \ That's so nice of you to help them out! I'm sure they're really thankful.
The kids next door keep riding my bikes through my yard. I asked them to stop but they just laughed at me. \ Where are their parents?
Who knows, they're never watching them. I tried to be nice but they're killing all my flowers, \ Call the police. I would. 
I just got my grades in from an exam last week and I did MUCH better than expected.  \ Well. hope you score high.
Thanks. I had expected the worst, but I was taken aback. Life's little surprises. \ Yeah, It is!
I annoyed with my sister.  \ Oh really? And why is that?
She slapped me.  \ Wow, any reason for that?
I was in a roomful of people but felt like I was by myself \ I hate that feeling. Are you still feeling that way now?
No I'm fine now. But at the time it seemed like no one else was there. \ Well I'm glad you found your friends, that's a terrible way to feel. I've been there before.
My roommates took my food I had labeled with my name in the fridge today. \ That was a crappy thing to do. Better get a handle on it now or it could become a big problem.
I know, I think I'm gonna steak their food to let them see how it feels. \ They probably deserve it but you know the old saying two wrongs don't make a right.
My son got his drivers license today! \ OH no. Is that a good thing?
It's good, he studied hard and did a great job but now I feel old. \ My daughter will be 14 this year. You just made me feel old lol
I love honey buns \ Oh man, honey buns are the best snack cake ever!
I buy a box at the grocery store and they don't last a day. Its terrible \ I'm the same way. I'll eat them in the car on the way home sometimes lol
I made the Dean's List this year \ Wow, nice! Congratulations that. You must have worked hard.
I did, I worked really hard all year long and made lots of sacrifices \ I hope it was all worth it for this moment. Good job!
I'm feeling a bit bummed out since a good friend/co-worker is leaving our company soon. \ That's sad, are you throwing them a going away party?
Not exactly, but I do plan on taking them out to a nice dinner. \ Well I'm sure they'll like that and I bet they're gonna miss you too.
I have a date with a new guy tonight, he's taking me out to dinner \ Who chose the place?
I let him pick, he's taking me to a nice Italian place. \ Cool. I love italian. Real italian.
I feel blessed that I can take care of my kids myself without struggling \ That's because you worked hard and never gave up! I'm proud of you!
I still work hard. I just wish I could splurge sometimes. Thats the only thing \ One day you'll be able to. Just keep your head up!
You won't believe what just happened! The guy in line in front of me just randomly did a back flip! \ Someone was recording him from the shadows
I hope so cause it was a great back flip! Best one I've ever seen! \ I wish I could do one
St Juse commercials make me so sad \ They make me sad too. I wish I could heal all those sick kids.
I know. All kids deserve a happy and healthy childhood. It breaks my heart. \ It makes me feel better knowing that they get such great care at St Jude's and the parents never get a bill though.
Someone was killed in front of my apartment once. I didnt know him. \ You must have been terrified. Did you see it happen?
I did not see it. I heard it and saw the aftermath. It was pretty bad. He died in the street. \ That is so awful. Was he a the victim of a crime or was it some type of accident?
I was driving home from work late at night and noticed a car following me. They made every turn that I did. I was all alone and this was before cell phones. \ I would have been so scared. What did you do?
He stayed right with me until I got to my apartment complex and then I lost him in the parking lot. I ran into my apartment just in the nick of time, as I saw him drive by after I got inside. \ Did you ever find out who he was?
I got divorced a few years agi \ Sorry to hear that
Thanks, it's ok though! It got settled and i'm happy \ Well that's good. You never know what to say in that situation
Yeah I know what you mean! It was hard at the time but i'm a lot happier for it now \ I wish yo the best
I just got cable and decided on only one receiver. \ Oh ok, I hope you are enjoying it. Why only one receiver?
I thought my kids would watch too much tv. I was right because now they watch the one in the living room \ Well that was a good choice then! It will save you some money too i'm sure
MY ex recentyl just started paying child support. Its been like 6 years \ It's about time then. Maybe now you will be able to get the back payments too.
MAybe. Mayber he will quit his job like he did six years aog. I dont want to get my hopes up \ It's hard to depend on it. Don't figure it into your billing. That way if he doesn't pay it can't hurt you.
I worked one job where I was always the last person to leave the building. I hated going into the empty parking lot by myself. \ I could never do that.
It wasn't an easy thing to do. But I couldn't not do it, I wanted to go home. \ You couldn;t stay at work until the next day. My job requires security to walk females out when its late.
I used to pretend to be asleep when my ex came home from work \ wow, You didnt want to be around them that bad?
I hated hearing about his job. It was boring. I was also a terrible girlfriend lol \ LOLOL thats actually hilarious,  I guess thats why its ex now lol
I kept waiting to remember what I forgot for this camping trip.  But for once it never happened! \ uh. maybe its not something that important
I was just surprised that I didnt forget anything! \ OH. I get it. Thats good then
I can't wait for our next reunion \ Those are so much fun. Family or school?
family. We a going on a cruise. I love cruises. \ That will be great. Take lots of pictures, you will want to remember all of those memories you are going to make.
I was having a party so I started getting ready for it two weeks in advance. I wanted to be ready. \ Makes sense
It never fails if you wait to the last minute something will go wrong. \ Yep. That always happens
i bought some jeans today. I thought the were so cute. \ I only wear shorts!
I wish. Well I wont be wearing these jeans anyway. The zipper is broken. \ I would try and just wear shorts!
Ok. Ill do that \ On christmas morning, I got everything I wanted.
On christmas morning last year, I got everything I wanted! \ Really? 
Yes, i got all of the flat screen tvs. \ All of them?
I did so well this summer. I have to pat myself on the back \ In your jeans you did?
A women to take care of myself! \ What?
My girlfriend is what I got for christmas! \ Well thats cute
I have never won the lottery. \ Join the club
I wish i could win right now! \ You and me both. 
I am wathcing the movie blackk sheep \ I have never seen a movie before
ITs an old movie with david spade and chris farley. Iused to watch it with my cousins when I was little \ I wish one day i could see it.
Back when I worked two jobs and went to school full-time, I overslept and was late to get my child from school.. \ Yikes!  Schools get really mad about that, as well as it makes the kid worry.
Yes, she was crying and it made me cry. I felt so irresponsible. \ Don't beat yourself up.  It happens all the time.  I am sure you are a loving parent!
Today is my birthday! \ HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Do you have any plans for today?
Still recovering from a road trip but hopefully things will get exciting this weekend! \ That is really cool, Where did you guys on your trip?
New Orleans IT was great \ I live in Texas so that it really close to me
So last week I was supposed to meet Mary and workout with her. But I kind of lied... \ Oh no. That's not right.
I told her I had to go out of town and instead I just stayed home all day. \ Lol. Why didnt' you just reschedule?
Because We do it everyother day and I did not want to seem lazy. \ So you said you were going out of town. That's hilarious.
I wouldn't mind my 3 year sleeping in my bed some nights \ thats good,  I think all children need that.  I did when I was a child!
He like to climb all over me in my sleep though That is no good. \ Haha! that is no good you must have gotten no sleep.
I once was so thirsty I drank all the soda in the house, but it was my dads \ Why didn't you drink water?
Rc cola is just the most delicious thing on earth \ RC Cola lol. I havent had that is years
Another one of my friends is getting married. \ That is terrible, have you told him how bad that will be?
I should. Im always a bridesmaid and I'm sick of it. \ Maybe you should get married!
I could break my bones at any time! \ Why is that?
They are very brital \ Well that terrible
I ordered a dress for a party and it was arriving the same day as the event. \ I always wear shorts everywhere.
Well the dress didn't fit. I should have worn shorts \ Thats the way to go about it!
Someone stole my shoes! \ Did they get your shorts too?
Just my shoes, and i'm still looking for it. \ Call the police
I got stuck working late last night, but my fiancee came by and dropped off some dinner for me.  \ That was sweet. Did you eat together?
No, she had already eaten, but I was very happy she did that. It really helped me out. \ She sounds like a keeper
We have to give speeches in class next week. \ How do you feel about that? Are you ready?
I am scared. Its only been one week , but this is a public speaking class \ Oh I see. Speeches always make me a bit nervous too... but once you start, it gets less worrisome I think.
Tonight was the night I was gonna get some rest. \ is there still a chance to get any??
Not much. My kids are refusing to sleep. I am at my wits end \ oh my gosh,  kids refuse to sleep, i feel like i kind of do that as an adult too though
my mother worked alot as a kid, i had some pretty cool babysitters though. \ Well thats a positive spin
I didnt mind, the always gave me alot of food. \ Food solves lots of things lol
MY kids are on their best behavior when they are asleep \ I wish i had kids.
They are terrible. Wait and see  \ I think they would make my life worth living.
I stay away from frogs! \ I don't like them either
Frogs can suck it indeed! \ Lol okay then!
Its my final year of college \ I went to college for a few years.
I thought I wasn't going to make it. Is finally here \ I did not like college much
I never stop working out. \ I thik thats good
I try to get ready for a fight. \ Why do want to fight?
I am so ready for date night. \ Yes! that can be once of the best times of the week.
We had to cancel the last 3 so this is gonna be special \ yes! are you going to a fancy restaurant ??
i was about to buy food when I remembered that I packed a lunch! \ Packing lunch saves money
Yes! Plus I can pull it out and eat it whenever I want too. \ Ipack my kids luch
i did not expect my car to be soo good for the price i paid \ I have never had that feeling.
yeah it was a used car i was not expecting much but it turned out really well \ Well thats good. Probaby saved a bunch of coins
Last night I woke to my son peeing in my bedroom floor! \ that is not a good thing to wake up to hahah
He is only 3. But I hope he never does it again. I was prett mad \ yeah i can relate to your anger i have kids myself and have expiriencee similar situation but after you will remmeber and laugh together
I am glad I didnt quit my job last month \ Yes! I always regret when I impulse quit a job.
MY supervisor was fired and now its better \ Yes! was he a bad boss?
I finally feel like I have my life under control.  It has taken a long time to get here. \ Thats great
Yes, I have spent so much time stressed out about money. \ I know that feeling. Stressing doesnt make it any easier though
i didnt think i could jump as high as I did when I stepped on that snake! \  I hate snakes!
yes! they are so creepy and slithery, and they can kill you! \ I stay far away!
My dogs love to lay on me! \ I feel as if dogs think humans are the most comfortable bed!
I love when my dogs cuddle with me! \ Yes! cuddling is I feel an instinctual joy!
So I was eating out at a place last week and I came across several hairs in my food. \ Ugh gross! I have to say I have seen worse in food before!
Yes, it was very gross! I mean it happens, but just soured me on the meal and mood of course. \ Yes, Im constantly thinking about whats in my food!
it was my first blind date and I was thinking, what am I doing here. \ Blind dates can be so nerve wrecking! How did it turn out?
It was okay, I feel I just need to work on some things. \ You'll improve what you need to I'm sure. At least the experience was worthwhile.
Why are gas prices so high! \ I know right! they keep going up in my area its crazy!
I wish my car drove on water \ That would be amazing! You could skip alot of traffic
I was going through old photos just missing the past. \ I keep all my photos online.
Thats probably smart, I was looking at this big old photo album. \ I can not even imagine how that would be.
My little brothers team were the campions, I couldnt believe it \ Good for him. What sport do they play and was it any of that state level competitions?
He is just a little baseball player now, But I have high hopes for him \ Seems promising. What position does he play?
I found out that my partner purchased a new bag for herself with my credit card. She did not even bother to let me know or ask me before using it \ WOW, I would be quite upset,  Atleast let me know before you do that!
Indeed. I was quite angry at her for behaving in such a careless way. She did not even apologize to me for her actions \ wow, Thats unbelievable.  Did you let her know it upset you?
I once witnessed my little brother poop everywhere. \ oh man that's actually hilarious I hope he was a baby...?
......Yes! he was a baby but still, I was horrified! \ yeah that's pretty scary and gross! 
so friend i just went on a vacation and i was very happy i needed it \ Yes! where did you go? do you feel relaxed?
i went to santa fe! I felt very relaxed and happy you know? It was chill \ Yes! I bet it was great, probably really nice weather. 
Why does no one every pay me? \ Pay you for what?
Pay me for my service! \ You can sue!
MY summer was so boring \ Every summer for me is too hot to go outside.
Everyone took vacations. I had to work \ I would have left right now!
Is that guy a girl? \ What guy?
It was a guy I saw online. I thought it might not be one. \ how am i supposed to know?
i pretend to watch scary movies. I always go to sleep \ I also go to sleep during movies.
let's be friends \ We can sleep when all of the movies come on together!
I was basically a second mother to my little brother! \ Really?
Yes, I was always taking care of him and making sure he had what he needed. \ That's cool
I driving home from work \ How was your drive? were you driving fast??
No I wasn't driving fast but The dude was high on alcohol   \ Wow, he was high on alcohol! I hope he didnt hurt anybody.
I run and hide from thunderstorms! \ are you scared of them or why do you run from them?
I can not stand to be near them. \ i enjoy a little rain every once in a while, but i dont like thunderstorms either 
i don't like to see my parents smoke it makes me really sad \ I would also cry with you!
yeah but it has turned into a normal thing now \ I cry at least a day!
I hear footsteps in my house every single night \ Oh, did you check what could be that?
Im positive its a ghost, Just walking around. \ Do you believe in ghost? 
I feel shame on my son's activity. \ Whats wrong?! is he not obeying your rules?
He scolded me in public place. \ That is not good,  He need to learn he has to respect you.
We finally won this game we had been preparing for for months! \ That is great. What game was it?
Our state volleyball match, This was going to be a huge moment in my life. \ Did you get a trophy?
I can not believe my friend died in a car accident last week. \ Oh my god, Are you doing okay? What hapened?
I am ok, he got hit my a drunk driver. \ Oh my god.  I hate when people are so careless.
My neighbor is always shoveling his dog poop over to my side. \ That would have to stop immediately or that shovel might be used for something else.
Yes! I couldnt agree more.  Like what kind of person would do that. \ If he won't stop you may need to take a picture of him doing it and then contact the authorities.
Looking through my old picture albums really had me thinking of the past. It made me reminisce about the days gone by. \ Yes, Life moves so fast its truly hard to believe some times.
Seems like in the blink of an eye sometimes. \ I couldn't agree more,  Sometimes It feels like I was a little kid just yesterday.
Everytime I try to speak up in class I end up looking stupid. \ I know what you mean, I don't even bother at this point.
I just try to stay quiet and learn as much as I can. \ Exactly the same for me. Don't let it bother you too much.
I really like the gold necklace that my dad gave me. \ Awe that is sweet, was it a special occasion?
Yeah it was for my birthday. I wear it everyday now. \ That is good! just a reminder that you have a father that loves you.
I really hate it when girls ghost me on Tinder. \ Yes! That is the worst, I feel like my time is being wasted.
Exactly! It just makes me so upset that I put so much time into all that. \ I say just keep putting yourself out there, cant give up.
Two days before the nig day, I was actually getting scared. \ What was the big day then?
School was starting and this was gonna be my year! \ Oh cool, I hope it goes well!
My best friend stayed at my house for two weeks it was great. \ thats pretty cool
Yes we hung out in our own world the whole time. \ wow thats crazy
I stayed in watching netflix for hours today \ I would say that is one of life simple joys, not a care in the world.
yea i was quite happy \ I try to do that as often as I possibly can.
My friend had to cancel plans the other day which was saddening \ that is not cool, what where you guys planning to do
we were just going to chill but he had issues come up \ if he had other things to do it is ok, but i hate when people  cancel just beacuse they are sleeping haha
i hate when ash from my cigarette drops in my work pants \ oof that sucks really bad
yeah, i haave to wait till i get home to get the stain off, it is really embarrasing \ yea i can imagine it is
I moved to a new city. I have no friends here. \ I have no friend at all.
I know the feeling. I wish I knew where to go meet people in my new city. \ Maybe try a bar with food!
I found twenty dollars in my pants!@ \ What did you do with the money?
I bought myself something nice! \ What was it? Was it clothing?
I am so glad that I wake up every day! \ Yes! life is a blessing, and we need to make the most of every day.
I agree, and I have to wake up every day because god love me. \ God is good to people.  He is always there for you.
I was cleaning out my grandfathers closet finding old moldy clothes. \ I would have thrown up!
I almost did, I had to leave the room for a second. \ I would have left the entire house!
This headache needs to go away! \ Did you take any medicine?
of course not! That's what the government wants. \ They want you to take their medicines?
I am so bored right now. \ Maybe try and watch tv or play games.
I don't have any electricity anymore :( \ Maybe go outside and try and eat dirt.
Why would anyone ever eat pees? \ I guess because they are healthy and don't taste that bad.
They taste like dirt for me! \ Really? Must be some bad peas.
My friend's life before was really starting to get bad until he turned it around. \ Maybe they found a lover to share life with.
He did! He found a girlfriend and a good steady job. \ That changes everyone's life.
it was foggy and slippery and the driver could not control the brakes. he suddenly run over a child but she survived the injuries \ That is awful. Was anyone else hurt?
no, just the child, she was trying to cross the road with her dog \ Were there any signs that the driver might have been impared, as opposed to the breaks malfunctioning?
no, the driver was okay, the problem was with the breaks \ I hope the child recovers from her injuries.
I knew i would pass my math test that i studied for last week \ It's a good feeling when you are successful after you have worked so hard. 
yea i was very happy with how i felt \ The way you felt should be motivation to keep up the good work.
I saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. I was beyond scared. \ oh really i bet i would be too
It's worse when you don't really understand what you are seeing. \ yea i know what you mean
I keep every penny i find because I know my grandmother sent them from heaven. \ that is the most beautiful thing ive ever heard
One day, my kids will cash in the pennys to buy my land spot next to my family. \ that is a great plan!
the house has been so empty and quiet since my dog passesd last week. \ I would cry if anyone i know died.
it has been hard. he was always here waiting for me to get home  \ That actually sounds super sad.
A tornado went threw my house! \ That must of been scary.
It took everything from my family. \ Where are you staying right now?
I am ok with the job I currently have. \ I am also looking for a better job.
What do you do currently? \ I mow lawns for a living, and it is so hot.
I am upset I didn't get my scholarship. \ I'm sorry to hear that. What will you do now?
I will attend the local community college. \ Like in Community! You'll have a great time and I'm sure everything will work out well.
I made an amazing pizza last night. \ What kind of pizza was it?
It was just cheese and tomato, but it was Detroit style - so it had a cheesy chewy crust and teh sauce is on top of the cheese. I was really impressed with myself! \ I prefer New York style pizza.
I was let down when my friends didn't come to my birthday party. \ That is not cool of them, did they have a good reason?
They never told me why. \ well anyways it is really bad on their part that they did that
When katrina hit texas my family lost like half of their belongings \ That sucks, are you going to leave Texas or stay?
Well when it hit we left but now we are ok and we recovered well \ How much did the damage cost you?
i had the worst meal at a new restaurant today \ What did you order?
it was a chicken dish, was still pink on the inside.i took one bit out of it \ Did you get them to recook it?
I am upset that the US is trying to ban our right to bear arms. \ i agree.they are not taking my guns!
I really hope they do not pass any more laws about this. \ i  agrere
I'm really looking forward to the weekend. I have some fun plans with friends. \ oh yea? whats that.
We're going out for dinner and a movie. It's been a while. \ oh thats nice, wish i was doing something similar
Someone cut me off in traffic today \ Oh I hate it when that happens!
yea i was quite annoyed \ I tend to get road rage and lay on my horn at times like those.
First grade was great for me. \ Yeah? Why was that?
It made me into the person I was today. \ Good. I loved school too.
Some of my work mates earn loads of money despite doing less work \ I wish i was one of those people.
Me too. I don't understand how salaries are calculated for some jobs. \ If i could make more money for less work i would any day.
I am so mad that I got a speeding ticket. \ Oh no! How fast were you going?
I was driving 60 in a 55. Only 5 miles over. \ Harsh. How much is the fine?
I got an interview for a job way above what I thought I was qualified for \ That is great news. How did the interview go?
It hasn't happened yet. Monday 20th August \ Who is the interview with?
I cried when I found out my uncle passed away. \ oh wow that is horrible, im sorry for your loss
Yes, he wasn't that old. Only 53 years old. \ wow thats young
I have a test next week \ What kind of test?
a calc 3 test \ Are you in college or high school?
One time somebody ran into our brick mailbox with their car and knocked a few bricks off. \ Oh wow, how did you feel about that? 
I wasn't sure how it could have happened given how fast they would have been going. \ How fast were they going? 
I'm hoping to find a new job as soon as possible \ What was your last job then?
I was a Realtime Manager in a contact center. \ Sounds like an interesting job. I hope you get that job that you're looking for.
I got asked if I wanted to go to this party, but it was in a really shady part of town. \ Was it with close friends?
I ended up going with some friends and it was great either way. \ And nothing bad happened?
There was a possibility that we could get snow and ice so I stocked up on supplies. I also gassed up my car. I wanted to be ready just in case. \ Thats a good plan. Did the snow and ice come?
Nope. But I would rather be ready and nothing happen then it come and I am not ready. \ Like the Boy Scouts - Always Be Prepared.
I was watching a show last night and the guy ate a live squid! \ There is not enough money to get me to do that. My sister likes those kind of shows and I watch with her sometimes.
I know - it's little tentacles were wriggling about in his mouth! \ OMG! Were you grossed out?
I was really let down when my Dad forgot to pick me up from school. \ Oh that's terrible. Was he busy with something else?
He was working and forgot. \ Ah I see. Must have slipped his mind while he was hard at work.
Someone scraped my car a couple of days ago, and I'm so angry. \ Do you know who did it?
No idea. It just happened at some point while I was out running errands. Probably in a parking lot. \ Did you call the police?
i cant stand people that dont flush the toilet \ I do not even have a toilet.
Oh, so where do you go to do your personal buisness \ I use the woods!
I can not een think about losing any more money! \ have you thought  about saving money?
I have thought about it, but unable to  \ Yeah it is hard for some people to save money, for me it is kind of hard not to spend what i have
I know that the US will qualify for the next World Cup. \ I honestly hope they do not.
Why is that? I love when they play soccer. \ I'm more of a football fan!
I pooed in my pants! \ Where did this happen?
at my house, in my bedroom in front over my family! \ That must of been embarrassing.
A guy once tried to mug me in Amsterdam. \ wow that is crazy? did he?
No - he pulled a knife on me. But right at the same moment a policeman came round the corner \ good thing it ended well
after all these years i tracked down a rare baseball signed by babe ruth, it arrives tomorrow!! \ Wow! I don't know much about baseball, but I know Babe Ruth. New York Yankees, wasn't he? The house that Ruth built.
its a gift for my dad. it has a lot of meaning \ I'm sure he'll love that. It must be quite valuable.
Who knew i was 7 foot tall1? \ Wow, that is really tall.
Yes, i went to the doctor and they told me! \ Are you done growing?
I am ready for the Foreigner reunion concert. \ I am not sure what that is, but I wish you luck with it.
It is a rock band from the 80s. They are my favorite. \ That is actually nice, i like rock music.
I just reconnected with a cousin of mine after many years. It's been nice talking to him. \ Amazing! Were you close when you were young?
Yes, we used to hang out all the time!  \ I'm glad you got back in touch then. 
I was watching a show last night about the shooting at PArklands school in Texas a few months ago. \ I see. How was the show?
It was very sad. But focussed on the gun control debate. \ It sounds like an important film. I love watching documentaries.
I do not like anything with wings. \ really?
Yes. It is mostly birds but even a dragon I do not like. I am afraid they will attack me. \ Why?
The pen is really lovely \ What kind of pen are you talking about?
writing pen \ What do you write with it? Do you write a letter or a book or a shopping list?
I am shocked that CNN is still in business. \ Why is that?
They lie more than any other news organization. \ I am not American so I am only vaguely aware of them.  They are an American new channel is that right?
I was clearing out my attic recently and came accross an old suitcase stuffed full of all my childhood toys, medals, school reports, photos etc! \ That must of been fun to go through.
It was brilliant.  My mum must have gathered it up over the years.  I spent hours going through it all.  it made me feel so nostalgic.  I think its a great idea though, I might start doing it for my kids. \ That is cool. Is your mother still alive?
My Aunt sent me a parcel the otehr day - when I opened it it was full of candy and chocolate! \ What a lovely aunt. You must be her favorite nephew or niece
Do you know what? We're actually not that close. \ Maybe she tried to bring some warm strings in relationship with you
There is currently down-sizing going on in the company i work for. I am very anxious as to be the candidate that they will let go \ Oh no. It happened to me recently. But, I take the4 view that things like that happen for a good reason and you'll end up in a better position down the line.
I have very little savings and I am very concerned if i will be able to find another job in a short amount of time \ I am in exactly the same boat. I'm still searching for a new job. It's tough. But stay positive - it might not happen!
I was in the middle of a speech and I farted. I turned red and ran out of the room. \ That's so funny! I mean, that must have been embarasing!
It was horrible. I still hear about it and this occurred on the first day of school. \ Such a shame. Were you very young?
I made a briliant pizza yesterday \ I love pizza. Did you make it by yourself or with friends?
Just by myself. I often make it - but this turned out realy good. \ Were you the only one who are it?
I am afraid the Russians are going to take over the USA. \ Really? why?
I just have a feeling they are going to invade us in the near future. \ lol
He did not change all \ Who is he that you are speaking about?
My old friend \ Do you want your friend to change?
I am ready for Labor Day. \ I'm in the UK - when is Labor day? 
It is on September 3rd. I am going to Las Vegas for it. \ Wow! That'll be amazing!
I would never cheat on a partner.  \ That is a good thing. How long have you been with them?
5 years \ That is a long time. Why not get married?
i cant wait to take my son to his first day of school tomorrow. pre k \ Will you not be sad to leave him?
im more happy to see him grow \ That's a good way to be.
Sometimes I feel lonely. \ why is that?
My best friend has moved to New Zealand and my family is quite far away \ wow. i would also fee sad
I can not wait for my best friend to visit from Germany. \ Oh that's exciting! When are they coming?
He arrives this weekend. I have a fun planned weekend. \ That's excellent! I bet you two will have an amazing time!
My fiancee is going to be home soon and I have planned a surprise dinner tonight. \ What are you making for the dinner?
Made some pasta and a few vegetables as side dishes. \ Will you make any dessert?
I am confident Donald Trump will Make America Great Again. \ Really? Lot's of people seem to disagree with that
I am not one of them. The economy is doing great and unemployment is at an all time low. \ Good - I'm sure he will be good for the business side of things.
I received a parcel yesterday \ Was it delivered by Fed Ex, UPS or by the US Postal?
None of the above:-) It was delivered by the Royal Mail. \ I have never heard of them. What was in the parcel?
I am worried I will not be able to go to my fathers birthday party. \ Oh no! Why not?
I have a big meeting for my job. It may go later than expected which means I can't go to the birthday party. \ Can it not be rearranged?
I can't wait for the new soccer season to start \ What position do you play?
I don't! I only watch. \ Who is your favorite team?
i hate when someone doesnt take the hint to stop rambling  \ Oh me too. Social cues seem to get lost so easily on people these days.
EXACTLY! thank you \ My pleasure. It needs to be said. 
I'm really looking forward to the weekend. I'm finally getting to go to the beach this summer.  \ i love the becah, im there every weekend
Lucky! I also love it too, especially when the weather is nice like right now (not too hot as it has been). \ i live like 10 min away
I watched a show last night and a guy ate a live squid! \ Really? that is crazy
Yeah - the tentacles were wriggling about in his mouth! \ I can't imagine that
5 \ 5 eh? Good - that's my favourite number!
5 \ Thanks again! 
I can't wait for tomorrow,we are going to Barbados for vacation as a family. \ Oh how nice, how long are you staying?
Just for a week. \ That sounds exciting I hope you have a lot of fun!
I got angry in the supermarket yesterday \ Why did you get angry?
The self serve checkout stopped working but the staff were ignoring it. \ That isn't good. Did you speak to a manager?
I am ready for UFC 229. \ +
What does the plus sign mean? \ Sorry - I mashed the keyboard. When is the UFC on?
I am ready for my vacation in late August. \ any special plans?
I am going on a cruise to Bermuda. \ ive always wanted to go on a cruise
i was devistated my my dog sammy died last week \ How old was sammy?
he was 13..he was an old man..he died of old age \ I am sure you had good times. Will you get another dog?
I have just eaten a whole packet of cookies \ wow, they must be really tasty for you to have done that
No - I'm just lacking any kind of wilpower to stop! \ You will be fine buddy. Type therapy for stoping cookie addiction on youtube, I am sure you will find something helpful there
Nothing compare to how happy I am today \ Great! Why are you so happy today?
because I have just finished my last semester exam :) \ Brilliant! SO the summer starts now for you?
I am sure that I will be able to get a raise from my job. \ Wow! I hope so. Are you going to ask them today?
No. I will ask them at the end of the week. \ Good plan. Why are you so confident?
I booked a boat trip once, but then we weren't allowed to go \ Why were you not allowed to go?
Nobody had a license to drive the boat. There was some confusion about what license was needed. It was very disappointing. \ What did you do instead?
i ordered a paret for my car and what came was not what i needed, was the wrong item \ Did you return the item?
yes i did , but i needed the part to get my car running so now i have to wait for the right item to be reshipped \ How long will that take to happen?
I am ready for my fathers retirement party. \ do you have a special plan?
We are having a big party. I am inviting all of his old coworkers. \ im sure he will love it!!!1
I got a parcel yesterday \ Were you expecting the parcel?
No - it was a surprise \ What was inside the parcel?
I cried when I heard Top Gun 2 was being made. \ Really? Why? Out of happiness?
No, sadness. I know it won't be good and will ruin the first movie. \ Good point. But maybe, just maybe, it'll be brilliant.
The sun is shining here - it's going to be a good day \ That's a great attitude to have.
Well - everything is going well so far. \ It sounds like you are very content. That's great!
I'm feeling good about some upcoming work events. \ Yeah - what kind of work do you do?
I'm in education administration. It's not the most exciting thing, but I enjoy it. \ Good - it makes a big difference if you can enjoy your work.
its been a hard week. my childhood best friend died \ OH no! I'm sorry to hear that. Are you alright?
ive been a mess.but ok \ Have you got plenty of people around to support you?
My first ever date was very embarrassing \ why was that? what hppened
It was just a mess from start to finish. I was running late so I was all sweaty and out of breath. We went to a movie and I didn't really know how to act. \ ohhh..sounds super awkward
I saved up for months to build my first pc. it was awesome \ Well done! Did you buy all the parts separately?
Yes I did buy them all separately.   \ Did you find it difficult?
Actually it was alot easier than I expected.  Once you understand the basic functionality in each part, the process is becomes less overwhelming.  Kind of like putting together a puzzle. \ Yeah - I've done it a few times and it's much easier than most people think. Still impressive though
I have an interview coming up and want to be extra prepared \ Make sure you dress nicely and bring a positive attitude.  
Thats good advice - thanks! \ Yeah no problem.  Make sure to do a mock interview with a friend or family member to practice what you will say.
I will. I want to do everything possible. \ Is this your first job?
No. I've been working for 21 years, but this is one I actually want! \ What's wrong with the job you have now since you have been there for 21 years?  Must not be too bad.
I missed a delivery today \ what were you expecting
I don't know - I didn't order anything but received a card o say they tried to deliver. \ hahah...thats too funny
my baby boy took off his pamper in the night and got poop everywhere! \ Oh no. Disgusting! 
yeah, tell me about it.. i had to hose down the whole room, baby and all. \ That's a funny image. 
He is my boyfriend, very good guy \ That's refreshing to hear, I'm happy for you. I rarely hear that people are satisfied with their partner.
I think I should have listed my place on Airbnb before leaving the country. \ Wow, what really happened?
I ended up paying rent and bills ahead 2 months instead.  \ Oh really, that was hectic for you I guess
Man that was hard to deal with today. \ What was?
I had a lull in work and the store was empty, and there was nobody in there for an hour.  I was about to go insane. \ Really? Did you manage to cope?
First it was just boring then I started to actually get pretty lonely.  I saw if there was something I could read while I waited. \ And was there?
Yeah there was a magazine or two.  I got by \ Good
I just ate a whole packet of cookies \ What kind of cookies?
They are called "Belgian Chocolate Thins" \ Were they as delicious as they sound?
Absolutely. \ Were they chocolate covered cookies or chocolate flavored?
Chocolate covered. ith salted caramel bits. \ Man I'm starting to get a little hungry.
I just ate a whole pack of cookies \ Wow. Were you hungry or just feeling like a treat?
both I think \ They must have been delicious cookies!
My mother won a competition \ thats really cool!what did she compete in?
It was a horticulture competition. Fruit and veg. She won 17 categories \ wow! 17 catagories!! thatis a lot!
im looking foward to my kids first day of school \ When is it?
tomorrow. he starts pre k \ How old is he then - 3?
I am quite mad at how things are going at work \ Oh my, that doesn't sound good. Whats happening?
My boss is giving preferential treatment to certain groups of people :( \ You should not tolerate that discrimination. I think you should complain to HR.
My Aunt asked me to look after my baby cousin last week. I think I did well. \ Well done, it must have been quite an experience
It was. My aunt said I am a good carer because the baby didnt cry once! \ Maybe the baby is feeling you :) and knows that you two are related
I made a great pizza last night \ Hm delicious. Do you feel proud of yourself?! 
Absolutely! I'm a legend! \ Good work. Make some for me too!
The silly waiter spilled coffee on my $1000 suit when I was on my date. \ Oh my gosh! Really? That's terrible.
I know right? I was so angry at him, I complained to the manager.  \ What did the manager say?
I made a great pizza last night \ how did it come out?
Amazing! \ what did you put on it?
i heard sounds outside my window last night. thought it was a robber \ Scary. Did you investigate?
yes..it was a cat on he window scratching at a bug \ Phew! That's a relief!
I just emptied the washing machine and was left with one odd sock. I know there was an even number when I put them in. \ Hm that sounds suspicious. Where do you think it went?
Who knows? I've double checked the drum of the machine. Weird. \ Do you feel afraid that there might be a ghost in the house?
I finally got a nice haircut and shaved my shaggy beard!  \ Nice! Well done. What is the occasion?
I have a date with pretty girl. I feel really confident that we'll have a fun time! \ Does she know you are going to be better groomed though? Maybe she liked that shagginess!
My boss earns way more money than me for less work. \ That must be so annoying. You should ask for a pay raise.
I might. My company doesn't really do them though. \ I see, time to switch companies! 
So yesterday I had to walk through a very shady part of town to get home! \ Oh no. Were you alright?
Yes, but i was really afraid I was going to get mugged! \ I know. Maybe get a cab next time!
My boss gets paid loads more than me \ I guess thats because he's in a higher position of seniority? 
Yes, but he is less qualified and does less work \ That is aggravating. You should tell him that you need to get a higher pay for your work!
So I let my Tesla drive on autopilot for the entire trip! \ Amazing. Was there any scares?
No I had complete faith in it to drive properly!  \ That's cool. You live in teh future now.
The happiest gift I have ever received is a woman that is standing by my side no matter how things go \ That's a nice thought. Your wife I take it?
Yes, she is a super woman and I am grateful to have such devotion from another person \ I wish I could fidn someone like that
I got a parcel today \ that's great, what's in the package?
Candy and chocolate.  \ Oh, I guess you got a new boyfie. Chocolates are most often used to show love
am so anxious about the exam and i feel like i am not ready for it \ You need to calm down and focus so that you can pass the exam
I am trying to \ Do you get enough sleep. Being sleep deprived can make you lose focus 
i enjoyed taking care of my sisters pet bearded dragon \ They are really cool looking animals!
yes they are very nice \ Are they friendly or aloof?
My 19 year old cat died recently. I was devastated. \ im sorry to hear that
Thanks. I still think about him all the time. \ you ever ever plan to get another ?
No one came to my marriage party last month. \ Really? No-one? Why not?
I don't know, Maybe they didn't like me. i felt really lonely that day. \ I understand that. Did you send out invites?
My fisrt date was very embarrassing \ Oh sorry to hear that. How come?
I arrived late and was a sweaty mess. I also didn't know how to act - we saw a movie and I talked all the way through \ I am sure he/she understood you were just nervous. You should make it up to them. 
i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted \ i would have also. we always want to give our kids the best
yea but sometimes we cant! \ yes, unfortunately it happens
i i feel lower than dirt after betraying my wifes trust \ how did that happen
i was being unfaithful \ ah well that would be a good reason then
I have a job interview this week \ Nice, do you feel nervous about it?
Not really. I thikn I'll do well. \ So you must have prepared well for it. I hope you get the job!
My new Tesla drove on autopilot effortlessly on the highway.  \ Amazing. Is that even legal though?
I am not sure, I had my hands just above the wheel though. I was really impressed that it drove so well. \ That's cool. Were you scared?
I went into that interviewing knowing i could answer any question they threw at me \ Yeah - do you think it went well then?
yea im sure i'll get the job \ Good. I hope you do. When will you find out?
My friend just paid me back money he owed me \ oh thats a good friend
Yes. I'm very grateful \ thats cool
I can't believe how much more my boss gets paid than me \ Why his pay was so big?
I really don't know. \ Then clarify this with any senior 
I guess i will be the next team leader \ Really? Is that a promotion?
Yes. I was expecting that very much. \ Good for you.
I stole a candy from a shop and the shopkeeper saw me and called the police. \ what happend after that?
I was put in jail and felt really ashamed when my parents found out. \ wow. for some candy? harsh 
i just moved to a new state i dont know anyone and have been pretty down \ You must be feeling kinda lonely. Have you tried joining any meetup groups?
i just started looking online to see what is in  my area \ Good idea. Check to see if there any groups on facebook of your interest.
I was watching a TV show last night and the presenter ate a live squid! \ oh wow that's kind of gross
Yeah- the tentacles were still wriggling around in his mouth \ I don't know if I could even eat a squid if it was fully cooked
You know I have a friend that has a very successful business that he started with only a few thousand dollars \ Really, how did they do it?
They started an irrigation sprinkler business with just a few contracts and its blown up and now he's handling large companies \ Amazing! Well done to him.
My father got me a new Porsche. It has all sorts of features I couldnt even imagine! \ thats a great father!
I agree. I was really impressed that he got it for me and not my brother! \ you're the favorite 
i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door \ Oh my, do you know where the dent came from?
probably from some jerk who parked next to me \ Sorry to hear that. I hate when people do that and not even leave a note owning up.
Why don't I have a woman by my side at 46? \ I can't answer that! You seem lonely.
Yes I am buddy. I hope the loneliness does not kill me  \ I hope not. Try to have an enjoyable life regardless
I figured out why my air conditioner wasn't working earlier. I was very pleased with myself. \ Well done, at least you will sit in your room excited and relaxed now
Exactly. It was so dang hot today, too. \ Heat wave is getting so terrible theses days. I even watched on CNN that the whole of New South Wales is experiencing a drought, so sad
Woo,i wish i was there,congrats \ Yeah it was a lot of fun. Suprise parties are great way to make your friends happy.
Some stories terrifies me \ Well then avoid the stories that scare you.
Yes,but we are in the world \ Well there's no reason to waste your time reading scary stories.
I was thankful for the job i was offered \ Yeah? - whats the job?
probation officer \ Really? That's interesting. Have you done it before or is this a completely new type of career?
I was watching a show about school shootings in Texas last night \ i must have missed that one
It was on BBC Iplayer. It was quite upsetting. \ ah yea i can only imagine
I went to have fun in a club \ how did that go? did you have fun?
I was having fun. I saw a girl that I liked but her boyfriend was somewhere around the corner \ did he start anything?
5 \ OK
i had 5 rings that belonged to my deceased mother, and i had to sell them. i feel awful \ Why did you sell them?
I woke last night with noises at the window. \ Scary! Did you figure out what it was?
Yeah - not as scary as you'd think. It was only branches tapping in teh wind. \ Wow I'm glad it wasn't something scary lol
Today is my last day working. I am going to miss my coworkers \ Do you have a new job?
No I am going to give this whole stay at home mom thing a shot \ Wow. Big step.
I accidentally farted in front of a pretty lady in the train yesterday. \ Haha I've done that. She was probably holding in a fart, too.
I suppose so. I just felt so embarrassed that I released a cloud of gas infront of her. \ Everyone farts, man. It's ok.
I kept getting stuck behind an irritating man while grocery shopping yesterday. He was so loud and always in my aisle. \ That sounds unfortunate. You must have been so annoyed with him!
I was! He had an uncanny knack of blocking me and taking up the whole width of the aisle. \ People like that should just do shopping online instead of ruining the experience for everyone else!
i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door the other day \ That's crap! Do you know what caused it?
no the jerk didnt even leave a note! \ Scumbag. Will it be expensive to fix?
My first date was terrible \ what happened
I was running late and arrived a sweaty mess. It was a movie and I didn't know how to act so talked fast the whole way through. \ im sure it wasnt as bad as you imagined it in your head unless other people watching the movie told you to hush
I am finding it difficult to throw away my old, antique cutlery collection. \ Why is that?
I guess I am just sentimentally attached to it \ I know how you feel. You don't have to let go of them because the value you place on them can be carried forward for generations and that will make them priceless
I am looking forward to a good match today. I have worked hard \ That is good, so you must have prepared well for it.
yes I have and I am anticipation to wait the trophy  \ I hope it goes well for you. Hard work tends to pay off!
i cant wait until tomorrow. i get to see my favorite band korn play \ I didn't know they still toured. I saw Korn years ago.
yes they are still out there. listening to them takes me back to the good high schoo days \ Me too
Today is going to be a great day \ expecting something special?
No but the sun is shining \ that is always a great day!!!
i was upset when i saw my car door had a huge dent in it \ I would have been too. How did it happen?
someone that parked next to me swung their door into mine i guess \ That has happened to me before. So aggravating! 
I found out my son dropped out of college last semester.  \ whattttttt....... why did he do that
I don't know, he got into drugs and partying. I am really disappointed in him. \ im sorry to hear that ... hopefully he gets help to deal with issues
The level of attention to details in the new BMW sedans blows me away \ Really? In what way?
Interior designs and the comfort  \ Nice. I suppose you get what you pay for.
I had a difficult job interview this week. \ don't think about it, what is done is done, just anticipate that they will call you back, the universe have it's way of helping if we believe 
Fingers crossed then. \ Yes that's the spirit :)
She has always been by my side in my trial times  \ It
She is so good \ It is always nice to have someone by your side when you need it
Despite leaving to work with enough time, the train was out of service and delayed for about 30 minutes \ Really? why the delay?
Never found out. I ended up very late to work but at least my boss understoof \ So sorry about that
I never know my girl friend is so noticed in the society until she won the most beautiful girl in her city \ Oh wow. so she's kind of famous it seems
oh yeah. I am so proud of her. She will be proceeding to compete at the state level \ that's amazing. My mother was also a beauty contest winner when she was 18.
we went for a doctor visit because she was  \ Because she was what?
sorry lol. because she was "late". but she told me the result was negative, not pregnant. so then we went to a furniture store just to browse \ I think that is a good news for you both since you are not married
Recently someone offered me an extreme amount of money for a work at home job...  \ wow! That's awesome! Did you accept the job offer?
It sounded too good to be true honestly it made me feel a little uneasy... i had to turn it down!  \ yes, i understand. sometimes you just get a gut feeling that something isn't right
so i applied for 200+ jobs and i can't believe i didn't hear from none of them! \ Bummer!!! Are you looking for a work at home job or just an outside job? 
just any job at this point. just a full time stable job \ I hear ya.. I hope you find one soon... wishing you all of the best! 
I thought I saw a ghost in my kitchen last night. I screamed! \ I would have totally screamed! Were you alone? What did you do?
Yes I was. I turned on the light and it was the shadow of a tree. It really gave me a scare! \ I bet it did. I'm glad you were able to figure out what it was and hopefully you got some sleep afterwards.
My kids and I went to Six Flags and they wanted me to ride the roller coaster but I had so many reservations about getting on it. \ Were you afraid of heights and high speeds?
The high speeds. It had been so long since i had been on one. I finally did get on and we had a blast! \ I am glad you did. Rollercoasters are thrilling and should not be missed out on!
Last night, I jumped awake with a start. There was a tapping at the window \ Who was there?
Nobody. Very spooky. \ So you just went back to sleep/
When I see little homeless girls I feel like a father. \ Do you have daughters of your own?
No I do not, and probably never will. \ Why is that?
I was stuck in traffic the other day for so long, when it was supposed to be clear. \ yea traffic sucks
Unless there is good music playing. \ well yea thats true
When I go for a walk in autumn, it brings up some good memories. \ Same here. It reminds me of my childhood for some reason.
Yes, the smell especially. \ Exactly, i am overcome with nostalgia and get tears of joy sometimes. 
I just found out my son got a fully funded scholarship for college. \ Really? Congrats 
Thanks. I am really proud of him that he managed to do that! \ That's a good one
He said if you want to remain a happy man at old age, marry just one wife \ That sounds like a plan! Who said that, might I ask?
My dad \ Words of wisdom from him. Will you follow his advice?
Last year I hardly could hide my impatience to go on vacation. \ I bet! Did it turn out nice?
Yes, I had a good time. \ That's good... I can't wait for my vacation!
I applied for a different position at work.... I'm eager to hear back \ Do you think you might get it?
I think so, I was encouraged to do so by my manager \ Than I think you have little to worry about.
I had to give a presentation at a big convention last month. I'm not used to presenting and I was really nervous! \ How did it go than?
It turned out all right. But my stomach was in knots the whole time. \ Of course it was, but next time you'll handle it better.
I've seen a kid beet up a dog once, it got me very angry. \ That's terrible! Did the dog survive?
Yes, the dog turned out to be fine, kid said he was training he her to be stronger. \ Maybe someone should train the kid to be stronger... by beating him up!
My day was really though, because I couldn't really focus on what I was doing just because I was espectant \ what are you expecting? are you pregnant?
Nooo, I'm  not  pregnant, was just expecting my birthday gifts \ oh nice well happy birthday
i hate when people are unfaithful to there relationship \ Did your girlfriend cheat on you? 
yes a long time ago she did \ But most people are still faithful in their relationship 
I'm supposed to be eating healthy but last night I ate way too many cookies \ Ha! Do you feel guilty nor or what?!
Totally! You know you're doing something wrong when youre sneaking into the kitchen haha \ Exactly! but its okay to cheat a little every now and then!
I accidentally dropped an expensive glass of wine at dinner with my girlfriends parents. \ Oh no! what happened after?
They got really angry and started scolding me for wasting their money. I am so embarrassed I can't even leave my room. \ Wow I'm sorry you went through that. Not your fault, it happens
Why do people get so mad at each other for no reason? \ Because nobody taught them how to live right.
I hope the government can give some free course  about the benefit of staying calm and healthy \ Government? No way, it is interested in quite the opposite my friend.
Sometimes I feel like I am really an alright person. \ What I do is to write all the good things I did within the week, I think you should do the same
it's a good idea, but we should also write our mistakes, to not repeat them in the future. \ i agree with you buddy
i have a friend is kinda homeless and dosnt want to impose. so i gave him a key to my house to float through as he needs. \ That is really good of you. Hopefully he doesnt decide to stay at your house forever!
no he dosnt really stay. he dosnt want to impose. i live alone and told him hes more than welcome to stay. he dosnt want to be a burden.so i told him take the key come whenever you want \ Nice, I wish I had a friend like that!
I have zero friends at my new job and I don't know what to do about it! \ did you just start the job?
Yes, and i eat lunch alone every day for a week. I feel extremely lonely!  \ i would also feel lonely
My last vacation we went to Florida and a lot of prep work went into getting everything ready \ You must have prepared really well. Did the trip go well?
yes the plane ride was smooth and no delay's and we got a nice rental van \ Sounds like the trip went well. I am glad you enjoyed it!
I thought I saw an intruder in my room last week. I screamed! \ man that would have scared me too, was it an actual intruder?
No, it turned out it was just the shadow of a plastic bag hanging outside my window. I was so afraid for a moment! \ that is too funny but I have done things like that before as well
Have you know somebody growing up who was supposed to become a great human being, but they turned out something else? \ all the time
I really wonder why this things happen. \ its just life
i was pissed when i sa w my dog ran away from home \ Did your younger brother let it out or something like that?
my son \ Yes, this things happen, but as long as you find your dog after, it's alright.
I am up way too early this morning, I couldn't sleep at all. \ Why?
I am full of energy as I am starting a new job today. \ Cool
i had a crash \ Ouch, I am sorry to hear that. I hope you are ok?
Thanks \ What happened?
 I haven't been able to find my phone charger in 2 days.... grrrrr! \ Well, I think you should get a new one 
Yes I am, I give up looking \ You can ask your best friends if they have a spare before spending money on a new one though
I feel extremely happy about my wife's promotion \ that's great! it's good to be supportive of your partner
Yes I am she does better than her male counterparts  \ she sounds like a great person
You know recently we got a new puppy he's a goldendoodle and is a lot of fun \ Nice, what breed is the puppy?
he's a goldendoodle which is a poodle and golden retriever mixed \ I have never heard of such a breed. Must be so cute! 
I found out my daughter doesn't even attend her college classes anymore. \ oh wow, are you paying for her classes?
Yes I am. And thats why I am so disappointed in her tardiness..  \ I have 2 daughters myself and hope that they get scholarships
i was hoping to win the lottery last night \ And did you?
nope :( \ Sorry to hear that. Unfortunately lottery winning is a very small probability. 
I had a box chocolate when my doctor advised against it.  \ sometimes you need to go against the grain.
I agree, but I feel guilty for tampering with my diet regimen. Especially since I have diabetes!  \ ah yea .. well thats a good reason
My friend just bought a new Porsche. \ Wow. I have always wanted one myself?  What model?
He got the Macan.  I am so envious of him. \ What color?
I ended up waking up to the sound of some weird rustling in my vegetable garden. \ Oh goodness, what was it?
come to find out it was my neighbors dog eating all of the plants and vegetables! \ Oh, that is so annoying.
I'm so mad my son came home late last night \ Were you up when he got home?
I was right at the door waiting for him,never been that scared. \ I can understand your position. How old is he?
There was a wild or ferril cat that hung around my house for months. I fed him and took hi to the vet to be neutered. Instead of releasing him, I kept him. \ Now, that is what happens when you are a cat lover.
Yeah, tell me bout it. I had adopted his sister a few months before, so now I have 5. \ You are so kind. I'm never good with pets.
i feel low and worthless, i hit on my friends wife \ Well, just stop here, and all should be ok.
yes. it stopped there. but i still feel horrible \ Try to promise yourself you'll never do that, it should help.
I had to cross the border once with very few pages in my passport once. \ i do that all the time. i live on the mexican border. what border did you cross?
I think I was flying to Philippines, but they let me in, which was a relief.  \ glade all was well
i knew i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog! \ Oh no, what happened to your dog?
ran away \ I'm so sorry to hear that, I hope you find it.
Someone bumped the back of my car while they were talking on their phone. \ wht did you do
I called the police.  It really made me angry. \ yea i can see that
I received my quarterly bonus at work, it came at the perfect time! \ did an unexpected expense come up?
Yes, have to replace tires on car \ oh, that is unfortunatae
my mother passed away 3 days ago \ I am so deeply sorry! how are you holding up?
i am not too good, but staying strong for the family \ Hang in there....and remember it's okay to express your feelings
I have been taking speech therapy classes to improve my stuttering problem! \ That's great, good for you for taking charge of the situation 
Thanks. I feel so much more confident now when speaking to people. \ I think it's so important to not let things like that bother us, I'm really pleased for you. 
I passed my driving test, I never have to take another lesson again! \ Good job! You must feel so proud of yourself! 
I'm over the moon, can't wait to tell everyone! \ You should go out for dinner and celebrate!
I can't complain about my girlfriend's weight, I buy all the groceries in the house \ I agree, are you sure you're buying the right groceries? 
I feel so guilty \ Why is that? May I ask.
I am finding it really difficult to sell my old, vintage car. \ Why is that?
I think its because I am sentimentally attached to it! It belonged to my late grandfather. \ I know how you feel, you don't have to sell it buddy
I am up early and already waiting for the delivery man today! \ Special package coming today?
Oh yes indeed!  I ordered a 70" Ultra High Def television and its set to arrive today. \ wow that's awesome! I am the same way. As soon as I hit "complete order", i am counting down the time
My husband had to go out of town for work, I already miss him! \ I bet.  How long will he be gone?
4 days... I just don't like being home alone at night \ Maybe you could invite some of your friends over to ease your mind a bit.
i moved into a new apartment yesterday. when i was asleep last night i thought someone was breaking in \ Oh that sounds so scary!
it was...i checked it out. turns out it was a stray cat. the toaccording to neighbors the old tenant used to feed it when it would scratch at the window \ Oh thank goodness it wasn't serious.
My neighbor grabbed my dog that was running in the street. \ im glad the pupper was returned
Yes, I am so thankful they did that. \ i hate seeing dogs alone in the streets
I woke up this morning only to find out that some wild animal had destroyed my garden! \ oh no, did you catch them?
Unfortunately, no.  I am sad in some ways but happy the wild creature had a full meal last night. \ that stinks
i cant wait for friday!! \ what is Friday?!?!
gonna get chocolate wasted! \ Awww man!  You are lucky!  That sounds amazing!
There was a tornado watch in my area yesterday. \ Did you go into your basement?
Yes, I am glad I was ready for it. \ Did your house get any damage?
I am sad ACDC will not be touring this year. \ I'm sorry, is it because their guitarist died?
No, they will tour but not until they record a new album. \ At least they are making an album, that's cool.
How bad can it get, I paid so much for my son's education and he still failed \ I'm sorry to hear that... don't blame yourself
I am so embarrassed at my son's behaviour \ Hopefully he opens his eyes soon and realizes what he is doing
I keet hearing odd sounds at night... I think there is a racoon in the attic! \ I think it's time to call the animal protection unit
I will do that... they creep me out! \ I believe you will be fine
I just had a baby last month. My husband and I were planning to spend the first few weeks alone just settling in but our grandmother from out of state surprised us at the hospital planning to stay with us to help out. \ Congratulation for the baby. Is a good or bad suprise that our grandmother is coming?
It was a good thing ultimately but a bit of a stressful surprise because we had not prepared to have guests. It was still really nice of her and she did help make us some yummy food and help me get rest. \ I understand. It is always good to have someone that you can count on.
I have a coworker always disturbing me during working to talk to me about subject that I am not interesting in. \ Oh that's frustrating, have you told them how you felt?
No, I am too shy to do that. This coworker start endless conversation and keep talking and talking. It is delaying me in work. \ Oh that's too bad, I wonder if you could find a way to politely say something so you can focus.
i was ready for that job interview last week! \ What job did you apply for?
probation officer, sex offender unit \ Do you work for the government now?
I have never been so afraid of anything more than death. \ what was it?
I just always worry I could die at any moment. \ yea i can understand that
I am so happy that I get to see Foreigner in concert next month. \ That's good. It means you will be on vacation and having fun
No, just going to see them after work one night. \ oh ok. it's good to catch up on old times with foreign friends
What does it take to have a woman that will stay till death  \ I am not married, so I am not sure.
Ok, I want a woman that will be faithful  \ Where do you go to meet women?
So I forgot about my wife's birthday last week! \ No way! I'd be so upset.... how did she react?
So I forgot about my wife's birthday last week! \ that's horrible
My husband dropped my favorite coffee mug this morning.... what a start of the day \ Ouch! Sorry to hear that! Are you mad at him?
I got over it but I'm sad about my mug... he owes me one \ I bet he does! But it was just an accident so hopefully you can forgive him. 
I couldnt believe that my friend got himself a brand new Porsche last week. \ That is so cool, how does that make you feel?
I am just impressed that he can afford something that expensive! \ Yeah, those cars are really pricey.
My dog is having surgery on his leg. \ Oh poor dog! I hope he is okay!
I am confident he will recover. \ I am glad to hear that. I hate seeing animals suffer.
My neighbor never picks up after his dog. \ That isn't good. Have you spoken to him about it?
No, it is so irritating to see. \ You should talk to him. I am sure he will pick up if you do.
I do not like being around large animals, especially bears. \ I can understand that, it is scary.
When I was a boy scout, we went camping. I was chased by a bear. \ Oh that must have been traumatic.
i was pissed when someone left the gate open and our dog ran away \ i would have been pissed too!
i hope he returns \ i hope so too!
i got home from work today and found someone stole my tv \ oh wow.. that stinks
yes..cameras didnt catch anythng \ hopefully you had insurance
I received a late birthday gift from a friend and it was exactly what I needed \ That is very nice of your friend.
Yes I can't wait to shop this weekend \ That sounds like fun!
I ate dinner by myself again. \ Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that
I hate being by myself all the time. \ Same here... it really sucks
i shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog! \ Oh no, is your dog okay?
dont know he is still missing \ I hope your dog is found safe.
A man was chasing after me because I did not give him money. \ did he catch you
No, I was scared for my life! \ well at least you were unharmed!
Yesterday I took a trip down the memory lane when I walked by my old house and street. \ I bet that must have taken you back to the good old days?
Yep, I felt so nostalgic thinking of all the good memories I had as a kid. \ Any particular memory stand out that you care to share?
I had a rough day at work yesterday but the day ended on a high note when I got home. \ Glad to hear it. Did you get to relax at home?
I did.  My daughter had come over to visit. \ Oh that must have been nice. It always cheers me up when my kids visit from college.
I accidentally broke my mother favorite vintage tea pot last week. \ oh no!! did she find out about it?
Yes and I feel so ashamed that I broke it! It was 61 years old. \ that is such sad news
i saw a kid by himself crying at the store  \ That is so sad. Did you comfort him?
i tried. he lost his parents. i helped him find them \ That is so caring of you! Good on you for being a good Samaritan! 
I am waiting for a gift my girlfriend sent to me from overseas. I just want to see what i got \ Oh, that's awesome. You feeling nervous about that? 
of course yes. I know it must be something big. She is such a good giver  \ What if it's opposite? 
No it cannot be. She will not send something bad over a long distance  \ You never know these days
I didn't feel great one time when I showed up at court drunk. I was ashamed of myself \ Oh really, what was the judge's reaction to that
I was thrown down in a jail for the contempt of court. I panicked at every minute hoping not to be caught, and eventually later one of court dates it finally happened \ I am sorry. But i hope you have learnt your lesson this way
My paper boy never brings my paper on time. \ Ah! That must be so frustrating. You should speak to him about this.
I have, I get so irritated by that. \ I would be too. I want my paper on time!
I rented out my house and when I came back it was filthy and smelly \ That's terrible, what did you do?
I had to call the police and report the renters because I was so disgusted!  \ I hope that never happens again.
I saw a man put honey on his lasagna. \ thats gross
Yes,  it was really gross to see. \ wonder how it tastes 
i was scared walking home the other day \ Why were you scared?
it was a dark wooded area \ Yeah, the woods can be scary at night.
When I turned 40 last year, my kids planned a birthday party for me that I had no idea about. \ oh wow! that sounds very special!!!
It really was and just what I need as I wasn't really happy about turning that corner into my 40's. \ im glad your family did that for you
i got to see my favorite guitar player live in action today \ That is so cool. You are so lucky to have been able to experience that.
i am . he never goes on tour \ I hope you enjoyed every minute of that. It sounds like a once in a life time experience.
My mother made me a large, fulfilling meal and I ate it all!  \ Nothing like mom's cooking!
I agree, I was so content afterwards that I fell asleep! \ That's when you know you had a good meal LOL
It's been thundering and lightning all night! \ That must so inconvenient! Are you having trouble falling asleep because of it?
Yes it's so loud it's keeping me up... at least my baby hasn't noticed lol \ Oh thats a blessing. As long as the baby is asleep, all is good! 
i  was scared to go home alone the other day \ Why were you scared to go home alone?
cause there have been a string of break ins in my sub division \ That must be really annoying and scary.
I remember when a Whopper was 99 cents. \ those were the days!
Yes, those were the good old days! \ this is true.
Her mum has cancer \ whos mom?
My wife's  \ im sorry to hear that.
i have been eating healty all week but today i didnt \ Really? That is cool
no not cool. i messed up my progress \ Why did you?
My coworkers threw me a birthday party. \ those are some good coworkers!
Yes, I am so thankful for that. \ It's nice to work with people who care
I lost my favorite bracelet a few days ago... I have looked everywhere \ I'm sorry, I hope you find it.
Thank you, the bracelet means a lot to me \ I think you will be fine.
My girlfriend is visiting me after a long time tomorrow. \ congratulations, you will be spending time with your loved one again
Thanks! I am so excited to finally be with her again! \ I hope you can propose marriage to her when you meet with her
I can beat my chest about the outcome of tomorrow's match \ You must be quite confident in your abilities! 
Of course I am after all, I have a reliable team that I can depend on \ Good to hear. But don't get too overconfident! 
i was sad when i couldnt leave work early \ Oh my, did they let everyone else leave early except you?
yep \ I would be upset if that happened to me. I hope they let you off early next time.
The new paper boy flung the newspaper and broke my window today morning \ what did you do
I called the police on him because I was so angry. There were glass shards all over my porch.  \ oh thats good.. dang kid!
I leave on vacation in 2 days! Can't wait \ That sounds like fun!
Yes it's been a while \ I hope you have a good time.
My friend stole 50 dollars from me. \ wow that's horrible.. did you confront them>
I haven't yet, I am so mad thinking about it. \ I would be too
I was happy for her because that was her first sitting \ Is she a model?
No, she is a medical student, always wanted to be a doctor \ Oh, so what does a "sitting" entail?
I was in a neighbors house when they weren't there (I had a key) which was not uncommon. I heard voices and felt like there was a ghost in the house. \ Really, so what was your reaction then?
The neighbor had told me of ghosts, so I jumpted out of my seat and went outside in the rain to wait for my neighbor. \ Wow, that's terrifying you know
My best friend recently organized a trip to New York for both of us all by himself. This was really out of character for him because he's usually not organized at all! \ Really?
Yes it was really an amazing experience! \ Tell me about the fun things
My girl friend was double dating  \ Oh really? How'd you find out?
I was so lucky I met them together having dinner in a restaurant in town \ Well at least you found out easily.
I want to stop feeding my sister's cat but i can't because it's so adorable \ I love cats, they are the best.
I do to the only problem is taking care of them \ Yes, cats can be difficult to take care of.
I went to Mcdonald's for dinner earlier.  \ I can understand 
I was satisfied with my meal. \ I though you went earlier to impress a girl
Yesterday I came home to find that, my father got me a Mercedes! \ Wow! That's amazing! I'd love it if my parents got me gifts like that!!
Yes I was surprised, I did not even expect it!  \ I could imagine. Maybe I should drop some more hints.
I started styudying to be a pilot. I just completed my first flight lesson. I was totally nervous but my instructor was so cool and confident. \ That is good, its very important to have an instructor like that to calm your nerves. 
Yes, I really felt like he had my best interests at heart. \ He must have been very passionate about teaching his students.
Well it started off I was unable to check people in. The IT people are very slow at fixing the issue. \ Oh man, where customers upset with you?
Yes I was cursed twice and almost had a fight!  \ Sucks how customers blame employees like it's their fault
My package got lost in the mail but the company was quick to replace it \ I hate when that happens but that is good they were quick to replace it. 
Yes the company had good customer service at least \ Hopefully it wasn't something time important 
i was a nervous wreck waiting to see my sons final exam score. i helped him study hard \ Oh did he pass?
yes he did \ that's great, congratulations
I can't find my car keys since last night \ did you look all over for them?
yes at least i am off from work today and can spend more  time looking \ thats good...they are usually ALWAYS in the last place you look.
I lived through a home invasion. Several masked burglars broke into my house and totally ransacked it. I was home at the time. I hide under the bed during the whole ordeal. \ Oh my goodness, that sounds absolutely terrifying. Do you think they would've hurt you if they found you?
I couldn't actually see any weapons so I really didn't know. But I was sure that being caught wouldn't have been a good thing. \ You'd probably be having even more nightmares. I'm glad you're safe, though.
My mom is getting remarried this weekend. I'm so excited, it's going to be a wonderful day. \ That's a unique experience to go through. Does she have a nice location picked out for it?
We've actually been working really hard to convert their backyard into a fun venue! It's large and landscaped enough, it's giving them a lot more freedom with what they can acheive! \ Cool! That sounds really special and personal. I'm sure they both will really enjoy that!
I had to take a test in order to graduate college but I really didn't understand the subject at all and couldn't get anywhere studying on my own. After a lot of agony my sister sat down with me and went over it in detail. She really helped me to learn and understand it. Thanks to her I got a great score on the test! \ That is very nice of your sister!
I thought so. I really am so happy with her. Do you think I should do something nice for her in return? \ Yeah, maybe you should get her a gift of some sort.
I am looking forward to the next season of Game Of Thrones. \ I've never actually watched that show myself. But I've heard so many good things about it!
It is so amazing I think you would enjoy it. \ I tend to like shorter shows that don't have these super long ongoing plots. So I do have a bit of interest but I'm not sure if it's really for e.
I had a project at work assigned to my team at the last second. It was due in just a few hours! I was the only one on my team who actually cared to get it done. While I was scrambling around the rest of my team just watched me going crazy. \ I'm sorry to hear that... it sucks being in a "team" where no one wants to do anything
Oh yeah it was really a frustrating experience. I don't know what to do about it. \ I would confront them about it to avoid it happening again
I'm in a great mood, it's almost the weekend! \ That's really exciting! Do you have any special plans for this weekend?
