Yeah well I'm online entrepreneur so it's more complicated. I don't want to charge as much at the same time. They're kind of scamming people but I still felt envious, then got over it. \ ohh okay I see, yeah that is a difficult situation. I hope it works out for you and best of luck buddy! :)
The ads for the new World Of Warcraft expansion really makes me think about when I played it many years ago. \ They looked really exciting! Does it make you want to play it again?
It does. I put so much time in that game before. I might have to pick it up again. \ If it makes you happy then you should do it! Capitalize on that nostalgic feeling while you can.
My grandmother became sick recently so I have taken some time off work to nurse her. \ Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I hope she gets better.
Thank you, slowly each day she is getting back onto her feet. \ I'm glad that she is getting better!
I had a cancer scare last year.  My doctor found a strange mole. I had to wait a week for the biopsy to come back.  It was a long wait! \ I can't imagine what that must have felt like. What helped you get through it?
Xanax!  Just kidding.  I didn't have much help dealing with it because I didn't tell anyone. \ At least you kept your sense of humor! 
I felt really guilty when I had to tell my parents I decided to drop out of school. \ Did you hear the "You'll be a ditch-digger" speech like my brother did?
How did you guess? I was told a lot of things that day. \ Not everyone is cut out for sitting in a classroom listening to droning teach-speak.
I really hate when people can't hold themselves accountable for their own actions and decisions. \ I agree. So often does pride get in the way of personal growth and reflection.
Absolutely. Yet, these people have a horrible way of twisting things in order to guilt you, even if you'd done nothing wrong! It's a very manipulating and confusing feeling. \ You'd hope folks would grow up, but sometimes people get set in their ways, and become impossible to change.
My brother got such a nice Snowboard for his birthday when we were teenagers. I wanted one too, but didn't end up getting what I wanted \ That doesn't sound like such a pleasurable memory. Maybe you received a gift your brother always secretly wish he had!
You know, he played it up like that, seemed really invested in the Bass guitar I got. He sure did enjoy the hell out of that snowboard, though.  \ You know what they say, the grass is always greener on the other side. Did you ever manage to get him to let you borrow his snowboard?
I received a very odd message today. It came from a person who I blocked online, but they managed to find a loophole and messaged me by way of an inactive group. \ Oh no, what did they say? 
They were just trying to find ways to contact me. I have literally blocked them on all social media. It seems borderline stalkish, and it makes me very anxious. \ That is really creepy, I would feel anxious too. I think you should report the to the police if you notice any strange or threatening messages,Feel free to also call me if you need anything! :)
I am terrified of clowns \ I'm not afraid of clown myself, but I can absolutely see how they can be terrifying to some people!
Yes, I hate the makeup they wear, it is just so creepy! \ I agree with you. Those painted smiles and big, red noses can be so off-putting!
I'm starting a music career professionally and believe I can do it in alternative industry! \ That is awesome, can you tell me more about what you will be doing? 
Me and my wife are musicians and are forming a duo together with her singing, I play guitar and piano and she sings. \ Wow that sounds really awesome, I would love to listen to you songs. Can I also be the first to receive your autographs? :)
 am so impressed by my daughter, she won the national spelling bee contest! \ Wow, she must be a talented child! I'm sure you're so proud of her.
I really am! She is only 7 years old, but already won her first national contest! :)  \ Now that's an achievement you and her will remember till the rest of her life!
I just finished my last exam and am very relieved to be finished! \ Congrats! That is always a great feeling.
Yes, it feels like all the hard work I put into studying has paid off. \ It certainly has. You deserve it.
I woke up to something super annoying this morning. \ That is always frustrating. What happened?
I woke up to find out my car was sideswiped while it was parked by the curb during the night. No note or anything. \ Wow, some people are just terrible! I hate when people don't take responsibility for their actions.
Sometimes even though I have a girlfriend, I wonder what it'd be like to be with someone else \ well theres only one way to find out!
I don't think I'd be willing to leave her. She's great. But sometimes you get that "grass is greener" feeling \ yea, everyone probably does at one point or another.
I got mad when I lost my dog \ Oh no! I would have too. Did you find him?
no, he dug a hole and ran away. \ Oh... Interesting. A hole under the fence? I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm going rock climbing with some friends! \ That sounds fun and scary! You must be pretty fit to take on that challenge.
I have done some climbing indoors for practice, but never done a big climb out doors, so who know how it will go. \ I'm sure that there will be some differences, but I'm sure you will nail it! Just remember to be safe!
I keep having these really weird nightmares at night. \ oh my, what are they about?
I'm usually in a big city that I'm familiar with, and roam around in the dream until I get stalked, jumped, and sometimes very hurt. \ wow sounds like some inception plot line, you need to learn how to control the dream
I studied my drivers test book page to page for two weeks leading up to the test. Went in with all the confidence in the world \ How did that turn out?
Nailed it, 100%. Turns out I learned you don't gotta study all that much for a written drivers test. \ Congrats! That's awesome to hear.
I'm really disappointed in my son's actions that I was told about. \ What did he do?
He got caught cheating by his teacher on a test the other day. \ Oh no. What do you think caused him to do that?
Today I was quite impressed with my endurance during my work out. A few months ago, I couldn't even walk up a flight of stairs without losing my breath. \ Sound like you're making a lot of progress!
I sure have, but it's such hard work. I make sure to work out, even on the days that I don't want to. It's definitely taken a lot of will power. \ That's great! All the hard work is paying off.
I ate such a disgusting thing the other day by accident. \ What was it that you accidentally ate?
I bought a sandwich and after a few bite I noticed that there was a bunch of mold. \ Eww that sounds horrible! Were you able to get a refund at least?
I had a high risk pregnancy up until a few months ago. I felt the most grateful I'd ever been when my baby turned out healthy. \ Congrats, that must have been a very stressful time leading up the the birth.
It was a really rough pregnancy that ended with a very painful surgery. It was not pretty, but definitely worth it. I would have taken any amount of pain as long as my son was born healthy and safe. \ You sound like a great mother. I'm sure your son is very lucky to have you.
I just learned my first trick in ice skating, a triple spin twirl kick front flip. \ Wow that sounds challenging! You must have some serious strength to pull that off!
I never thought I would have the balance to perform such a feat. I think I can no qualify for the Olympics.  \ You should definitely try! It would be tough, but if you have the determination, it would be so worth it.
Reflecting back on my youth, I remember all the times I'd steal candy bars from the convenience store on the way home from school \ haha we all did crazy things when we were young! did you ever get caught?
No. I'd stop in with a group of people walking home, and slyly take my pick while others were legitimately buying. \ good plan.  Wait until the shopkeeper was busy with someone else.
I recently had my first child.  I was absolutely terrified when I went into labour but I put all my faith in the wonderful midwives and everything worked out perfectly! \ I'm glad it went as planned. I can imagine that to be a very stressful moment.
it really was its just so scary but I had to believe the experience and caring nature of the midwives would get my through it and it did.  I really admire anyone in that career, its not just a job but a vocation. \ You've really got to be committed to go into work like that. It's not for everybody, I agree.
I recently got to move to the city I've always wanted to live in and I couldn't be happier! \ Congratluations! I bet your full of joy!
I am! It also means I don't have to drive anymore, which I'm super excited about. \ I bet you are! I think you will enjoy your new home and city!
I started a diet today and just as soon as I get home I eat a burger! \ I know how hard diets are to stick to. What foods are you avoiding?
Fried foods. I feel bad I didn't commit to it the first day.  \ Don't be too hard on yourself, it's hard to quit something immediately. Just keep trying, I believe in you!
Thank you! I need that motivation so I can get over this shame im feeling.  \ I get it. There is always another meal to start making the change!
I just started college again, and while I'm doing great in school, it has lead me to feel very lonely with a lack of social life. \ Oh no! You should try to make some more friends with your classmates.
That sound like a good idea if they weren't online classes. Next semester I have a few on campus courses, so I'm hoping I'll be able to make at least one new friend. \ I hope you're able to find some friends in the next semester then!
I'm so not looking forward to tomorrow. \ Why not? What happens tomorrow?
I have to talk to a large group at work tomorrow.  \ Don't let it worry you too much. Just make sure you organize everything you need to present and remember to speak loudly and clearly! You can do it!
This upcoming semester will be my first time taking 5 classes at once. I'm pretty worried that I may have taken on too much. \ Yeah that sounds hectic. You think you can do it?
I'm not sure. The more I think about it, the more I doubt myself. I also have a baby, so I'm hoping I'll be able to juggle everything at once. \ Yeah sounds like a handful! Maybe you should weigh your options and do whats best for you adn your family. 
I changed my shift to overnight and walking to my care gave me the creeps tonight. There was a man standing in the dark. \ That sounds creepy! Is there any chance someone could start escorting you to your car? There is strength in numbers!
I agree. I had goosbumps all over and chills down my spine.  \ I definitely recommend getting some mace and a pocket knife. Stay safe out there!
I adore my girlfriend. I am getting very serious about not leaving her side. \ That is great to here!
Thank you. Do you have a romantic interest? \ Not at the moment. I'm too focused on bettering myself.
My brother is going into surgery tomorrow. \ I hope that all goes well. I am sure he will be good as new after!
I'm really hoping so! I've been really worried. \ I am sure the procedure will go excellently.
I have never felt more anticipation than the months I waited to hear if I got accepted into grad school or not. \ I bet! Have you gotten any word back yet?
Yes I got accepted! It was worth the wait. \ Congratulations! You're going to do wonderful, I just know it!
Summer in the South calls for many unwanted visitors of the insect type! \ I'm from the south too! Are you talking about mosquitoes by any chance?
Mosquitoes, and those dreadful flying ants. They're everywhere! \ One day we'll find a way to repay them all the misery they've caused us.
My brother graduated college and has already gotten a job, I feel pretty happy for him \ thats amazing.. im happy for him too.. i bet you are proud 
Yeah, I am. I felt a little jealous, since he graduated before me. But that's okay. I want him to do well, especially since he has a family. \ thats to be expected but you seem like a caring person 
A few weeks ago there was a fire in our electrical panel.  \ Wow, that's terrifying.get really big? Did it 
luckily no! it stayed in just 1 room on one wall  \ That is crazy lucky. Well, I'm glad everything ended up okay.
Today my friend had all of is awe, becasue she won the singing contest at work. She is so shy and no one would have ever known she could sing.  \ That's really cool! I bet people really underestimated that underdog!
I agree! I was amazed with her performance. She did really well. \ That's awesome! Maybe she'll come out of her shell.
Lately I've felt proud of my success as a newly single mother. It gets lonely sometimes, but I can honestly say I've been doing everything I can and more. \ Keep up the good work! You will do good in life and be a good role model for your kids. 
Thank you! I definitely have a drive to feel strong for them. I hope some day they can realize my efforts. \ They will notice how caring you are! Dont ever cut yourself short!
One of my more embarrassing moments was when I was jumping over my backpack and my foot got caught in the handle. It's the only time I've ever actually fallen on my face. \ Oh no! How awkward! did anyone see it?
Quite a few, but I knew most of them. I consider that better than falling in front of a bunch of strangers. \ Probably but that is still the worst thing ever.  Are you finally able to laugh about it?
I have such a fear of flying, so you can just imagine how I felt when my husband bought us a sky diving voucher for my 30th birthday! He was so excited and I was so nervous and uneasy. \ He's a brave man. How was the experience?
Well the day came and off we travelled.  We arrived at the place only to find all our friends and family there to cheer us on.  Up we went in the plane and of course while the lovely instructors tried to reassure me the whole time, i tried desperately to keep my breakfast down!  However after the nerves and initial panic when we jumped out, it was actually one of the most amazing experiences of my life! \ It sounds incredible! Hopefully it helped you conquer your fear!
Once my dog got really sick. It was scary but I decided to completely trust my vet and he's still healthy today. \ I am glad! You must have a very good veterinarian
Definitely. I moved and it's been hard to find a replacement. \ Well I'm glad that you found someone worthy!
I have a plethora of amazing friends. One of mine recently drove me from Georgia to South Florida \ That does sound like a good friend. How long of a drive is that?
It is an 8 hour drive! Florida is a very long state \ You're lucky to have such a good friend!
I recently totaled my car. There were no injuries but I feel absolutely terrible \ Oh no! I've been there. How did it happen?
It was very wet and I took a turn at too high of a speed. \ I'm glad your safe! Those roads can be dangerous.
My mom and I haven't always had the best relationship. Recently I've had to tell myself to let her in more. It's been challenging. \ I hope that your relationship continues to strengthen.
Thank you. I know that, even though it's challenging, I need to be patient in order to improve our relationship. \ I agree. Life is short and having these relationships is very important
I have had the toughest time getting my pet rat to get along with others. She's always been very aggressive! \ Oh no! I hope it dont bite anyone. That can be nervwrecking.
She's never bitten anyone, thankfully, but she gets crazy with other rats. To my surprise though, I've recently found her snuggling with the others she usually tries to fight! \ Im glad it worked out well. I bet your finally content with her being around other rats. 
I was so worried that I could not pay for my tuition this semester. Thankfully my boss decided to give us a big bonus.  \ Congratulations! Worrying about tuition is the absolute worst panic!
Yeah and its the last one before I graduate! I can be more thankful for his generosity.  \ You're going to kill it this semester! You're going to be so proud when you're walking down the aisle to get handed your degree.
This past month, I was able to visit Six Flags! \ That's neat and sounds like a lot of fun!
It was amazing. The last time I was at an amusement park had to have been over a decade ago! \ I have not been in years! Was it as fun this time as it was years ago?
I got a call from my sister's boyfriend that she was in a car wreck and was being life-flighted to the hospital with no information on her condition. Just that I need to get there quick. \ Oh my goodness! Is she going to be alright?
It was a nightmare because I had a two hour drive to get to where she was with no update on her at all. The unknown during that time was horrific. But, yes, she will be ok. \ The unknown is always so scary, but especially in your case! I'm so happy that she's going to be ok. Hopefully that puts you more at ease now.
I love my dog. The way we are faithful to eachother...there is no other bond like it. \ That is wonderful.  What is your dogs name?
My dog's name is Blu. She's an American Bulldog and close to 100 pounds. \ That's a big dog.  Blu is a cool name!
Started a new job, it's so different from what I always have done. \ Do you at least enjoy the new job?
I do, just hard work, used to sitting at a desk. \ Hopefully the more you warm up to the new job, it will become easier.
I work at a dairy plant in San Antonio. I work in a small group and they are very close to me. It's humbling to have a close knit group of guys who have your back on things.  \ That sounds awesome. A lot of people would kill to have a cooperative work environment. I bet it increases performance as well.
Absolutely, these guys and me usually try to bust out our work quickly and have some downtime to hang out when time permits. I pasteurize milk for a living and it's a lot of fun. \ Wow that sounds like an interesting process! I've never done it myself, but it sounds like something I would love to learn.
The other day I noticed my pet has a growth on her lower belly. I fear it may be a tumor. \ What kind of pet is it? Hope your animal is okay!
She's a rat, so her body is very frail. I'm sad that she likely will not make it. She's been with me through thick and thin. \ I heard rats make awesome pets, I'm so sorry! Is your rat in pain?
While in grad school I missed out on a Foo Fighters concert my friends went to; I was really jealous. \ I love the foo fighters too.  I would have be raging!  What happened?
I just had to study for the four tests I had coming up, but I got to see a bunch of cool videos from my friends. \ Well thats not too bad then.  Good on you for putting your education and studies first.  Im sure it wasnt easy at the time.
I was doing a big clear out recently and stumbled accross my old high school year book.  It is a long time since I left school and couldnt believe I even still had it.  Such a feeling of nostalgia looking at the old photos and reading the stories. \ Did you guys write still write notes in each others' books in high school?
Yes!  I laughed and sometimes cried a bit reading through those, especially from some old friends that are no longer with here.  It even brought up some great memories of prom and our school leaving party. \ It's amazing how many feelings and memories mementos like that can bring back.
I let the girl of my dreams slip away. Now I am alone. \ I'm sure with the help and support he will be alright..
I hope so. I think that time heals all wounds. \ Definitely, I think so too, time and right care.
I don't believe that you have! It is not available yet! \ Oh lol.
I was excited when my parents got me a car as a graduation gift \ Oh that sounds very exciting! What kind of car?
it was an 05 ford focus! \ That is so awesome! Happy for you!
I was at a party once and saw someone throw up all over someone else. \ That is nasty, did it get on anyone else? that would not be fun
It got all over many people. It was gross. \ That is so nasty, I am glad I was not there
So i just bought a brand new corvette and I let my friend barrow it to go out of town.  \ That's awesome! Hopefully it comes back in one piece.
I agree! She will take care of it. I have faith she will bring it back the way she got it! lol \ I think it will be fine. I bet the new car runs well.
I recently went to the pool and lost my suit. My trunks were in the water without me! \ Oh my! I hope you were the only one there! otherwise that would have been scary!
I was not, unfortunately. People saw everything! \ Oh my god! How embarrassing! Looksl like you will stay inside for awhile.
My husband wont be back for a month due to work and Im here at the house by myself. \ Im sure that is tough.  You must really miss him.
Yeah i have no pets or children so im just here in an empty house.  \ Do you get nervous being on your own?
Nah just bored. Im new to this city so I dont know anybody either.  \ Oh that sounds even tougher.  It is a long time but I hope it flies by for you and your hubby is back home again.
Yea I agree! II feel so helpless being home by myself.  \ Im sure your not though! 
I had the worst experience last weekend.  I woke up to find someone had stolen my car! I was in absolute shock just couldnt believe it. \ Thats horrible! Did you get the police involved?
Well yes.  While i was in my daze, absolutely horrified, my level headed husband did all the practical things like contact the police and insurance company etc. \ Yeah i would have felt the same way. 
Thankfully the insurance company sorted my out with a courtesy car for now but still cant believe there are people out there that do such terrible things! \ yeah it unfortunate we have to worry about things like this.
I'm waiting on more money coming in, I'm starting a new business so fingers crossed! \ I hope that business goes well!
Yeah me too! I'm feeling prepared so we'll see. \ That's great. I am sure you will turn a profit in no time
I let a romantic interest slip through my fingers. She's now with somebody that I despise \ Wow, that's so sad. Hopefully a new love will come to you!
I think so. I have plenty of time and life goes \ Sure, it's never too late. And you never know what's gonna happen soon.
I feel great right now. I have a new album coming out and it feels liberating to be done! \ Very nice! I bet your very proud of it and are excited for what may come from it.
I am very excited. It is almost an hour and a half long \ I bet you worked very hard on it! It will be great!
Today after a long day at work I sat in traffic for 2 hours due to construction on the freeway! \ That's a ton of traffic. I hope they finish their project soon
Me too! I get so frusterated because there are no back roads to my house so I have to go through this for the next 2 weeks.  \ That's unfortunate. I wish we could fly sometimes.
My old friend suprised me with a phone call today. I have not heard from her since high school.  \ How lovely!  I such it was so nostalgic to talk about old times together.
Yes it was. I cant wait for our reunion so we can catch up on more! \ That is a brilliant idea.  There is nothing better than catching up with old friends.
A little stray pup appeared on my driveway yesterday.  My initial reaction was to contact the local pet shelter.  However no one had reported him.  I decided to take him in, wash him and feed him.  I have never been much of an animal person but I couldnt believe how much i felt for this poor wee puppy. \ Awe your such a caring and loving person! Are you going to keep it?
I didnt think I was but he has won my heart.  No one claimed him, even after posters being put around so yes he has officially become part of the family.  To be honest I was glad no owner came forward, I would never have wanted to give him up in the end he has just stolen my heart! \ The love and care you show him will bring him joy and happiness! 
I can't wait to travel. I am going to Madagascar soon! \ Wow! That sounds exciting! Have you traveled around the world a lot?
I have! I actually grew up in Saudi Arabia \ Traveling is the best way to learn about other cultures. You are very fortunate to get the opportunity. 
I use to be very trusting until 8 years ago. \ Why 8 years? That's a very specific time ago.
3 people I thought were my friends attacked me out of the blue and left me for dead. I have had a hard time making friends since then. \ That's ridiculous! They were clearly not your friends. There are much better people in the world.
The world is savage. I believe that the right individuals can take us to a better place in the future \ I agree, we need more moral people to guide us.
I think so too. There are some kind and great people in the world \ Let's hope they find their way to the top soon for our sake.
I'm going to a Braves game tomorrow for the first time and I'm a little apprehensive. \ It should be fun! Do you like baseball?
I love baseball, I just have social anxiety and I'm a little concerned with how I will react being in such a large crowd. \ I think you will be fine. If you need some alcohol to take the edge off, go for it.
It really shook me up when my wife filled for divorce 2 years ago. She gave me no warning and hired a lawyer right away. \ That's terrible, you had no clue it was coming?
Non whatsoever, when I found out she had already left to her moms house, no text or anything. She had left a note on the table \ what did the note say?
Our home is paid off \ How long did it take you? That's amazing.
About 3 years.  Used the money from the last house and put it all on this one. \ I consider you to be a lucky guy. I hope one day I can pay mine off completely. 
I got super wasted. I accidentally messed myself in front of people \ Oh wow, that must've been a hard situation. Especially later when you were more in control again.
Yeah. That was the day I decided to no longer drink \ That sounds like a good decision. Good luck!
I've been having to deal with me and my wife's new business and it's been kind of stressful. \ My husband owns a business and its also stressful. What kind of business did yall start?
A spiritual service business. \ Oh . What do you do for that?
I'm really excited for this next weekend! \ What's happening this weekend? I hope you have some good things planned.
A friend that has been living overseas for the last year or so is going to come back to visit finally! \ That's awesome! I'm very excited for you this is a good event for you!
I love living in my own house, it's a place where I can sit back and enjoy myself. I feel like i'm king of the castle. \ At least you are comfortable and enjoying that! Some people would hate being alone.
I have my wife with me as well. I feel like I can set up a good future for us with this house. \ That is great! I'm sure everything will work out.
I'm so sleep deprived and my baby wanted to play in the middle of the night and i just yelled at him :( i feel so terrible \ that is why I am scared to have kids, that sounds terrible
i love being a mother but sleep deprivation is so horrible \ that seems to be the case, you win some you lose some I guess
I was excited when my parents got me a car as a graduation gift \ wow ! that's really awesome. What kind of car did you get?
I was disgusted when I saw someone bleeding during a fight, their head had been cracked \ what? that's absolutely horrble
Hello. \ Hi! Tell me something about yourself!
Well... I'm feeling incredibly guilty! \ Oh no? I hope you're okay. Why is it that you feel guilty?
On my first date with my wife we got so drunk that I ended up wetting the bed! \ oh wow! did she notice?
She did! She didn't tell me though for years! \ how did you feel when you eventually found out that she know?
Absolutely silly! I never knew that was possible! \ You must have been really drunk!
I had a really scary experience the other day. \ That's interesting. Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. My friend got into a car crash while I was in the car though. \ That's bad news. I hope that everyone is healthy and doing well.
I went walking in the woods one night. It was pretty scary out there \ Did anything happen?
No, everything was fine, but it was a chilling experience \ Oh, I'm sure. At least everything ended up alright though.
I went camping the other day and had a rlly bad experience during it. \ Why what happened?
I ended up getting lost for a bit in the woods which was not fun. Luckily, I made it back to my group at some point. \ Oh sounds scary!  I would have been scared.
When I was a teenager I used to borrow my big sisters clothes without her knowledge.  One time she had just bought a lovely new dress after saving all her wages.  That weekend I borrowed it and of course ripped it!  The next day when she found out she was so angry and i felt terrible. \ Oh no! I hope she's forgiven you since then.
oh yes she has, it was a while ago now but at the time the guilt was awful.  Needless to say I learnt my lesson and never borrowed her clothes again! \ That's probably a good idea.
I've been trying to cheer my mom up a lot lately. She's kind of been struggling.  \ Im sorry to hear that. I know that can be stressful.
Yeah, especially since I live so far away from her. I let her video chat with my kids a lot to hopefully bring some happiness back into her days. \ Yeah I hope so too. That must be painful to bare. 
My last day of work was yesterday. I got so emotional driving home and I cried. \ I'm sorry to hear you were upset! Why did you have to quit?
Im going back to school full time. I was there for more than 10 years. I will miss everyone.  \ Wow that is a long time! Hopefully you can stay in touch with all of your former coworkers.
It was my turn and i was called up to sing, While singing, i noticed my trouser zip was full open because it had spoiled. It was really embarrassing and i felt really ashamed of myself \ Im sorry. I can imagine how you felt! Hopefully you hit a home run!
yes, i had to give them a signal so i can leave the stage \ Thats something I would never forget. Hopefully you get another shot at it. 
Yesterday I found my boyfriend with someone else! \ hmmn, really?..i guess you must have felt very bad
I was gonna explode. Im so fed up with him. Im so done. \ am so sorry about that, did he apologize?
Being a mom is such a struggle sometimes. On the one hand I really enjoy the break I get when my son stays with his grandparents. On the other I always feel a bit off kilter when he's not home with me. \ I totally understand what you mean. Peace and quiet is nice but I bet you miss your son when he is gone?
Absolutely! I can get so much done, but I really do prefer him to just be home with me. All seems right with the world when he's here. \ That's not surprising! Are you thinking about going back to work soon?
I was feeling extremely nervous. I was about to go on stage in front of 4000 people. Almost couldn't believe that it was happening! \ Wow that is a lot of people! What were you doing on stage?
I was delivering a presentation on leadership behaviours. \ That would make me so nervous! I am horrible in front of people. How did it go?
My uncle died in the hospital,  he had malaria , till now,  I've not been myself  \ So sorry to hear that, Hard to be alone.
I'm telling you,  it's so hard.  He helped to train me to school  \ What did he train you in?
I have a long cruise coming up \ Wow,  tell me about it
It is for 14 days, wish it was longer, but so looking forward to it \ That is great,  so happy for you 
My neighbor jokingly makes fun of me for a comment I made that came out very wrong. I turn red every time he mentions it now. \ Are you friends with your neighbor
Yes, he and his wife are some of our best friends! \ You shouldn't be embarrased around your best friends. I'm sure he's just picking in good fun
I almost made the biggest mistake of my life and cost me the greatest thing that ever happened to me. But I sobered up and didn't do it. \ Oh no that doesn't sound good. What almost happened?
I had gotten into a huge fight with my girlfriend so I went out with some buddies and started chatting and flirting with this beautiful woman at the bard. \ Well I'm glad you sobered up and didn't do anything you would regret later!
I tried a new slushie flavor tonight. It sounded very good but it wasn't. Such a letdown. \ Oh,dont take it so hard,its always like that,so sorry about that
Sometimes things just don't work out.  \ It will work out if you believe
I felt i wouldnt succeed, \ What were you trying to do?
I took exams and got tensed when the result did not show up \ Did they ever come?
Have you ever been hurt so bad by someone that you thought to yourself that you would NEVER put yourself in a position to get hurt again? \ Oh absolutely. That's the worst feeling. Who hurt you and how are you doing now?
My ex-husband and now I'm just getting ready to start dating again- But its so scary. \ Dating is one of those things that everyone makes seem so easy, but in reality it's just so difficult to be able to open up to people sometimes. I hope things go well for you and you meet someone who makes you very happy!
My husband and I have been married for 5 years but sometimes I still get annoyed with other women. We went to the bar recently and he was off with his friends when I noticed a girl trying desperately to get his attention. \ Ah. I can imagine I've been in a similar situation. But just remember he loves you and if he's never given you any doubt then trust him
For sure! I just don't understand why people have to do that. He wears a wedding ring all the time and we have kids! \ Oh I completely agree with you. Some women just need a "challanege" you know. But its like HANDS OFF!
I am really in shock  \ Shock? Uh oh, what happened? Is everything okay?
Yes its actually great! I got into college.  \ Ohhh... That makes more sense. Well, congratulations. That's a defining point in people's lives. I hope you have a great experience.
had to leave my long distance girlfriend to go back home, after I had spent a month of time with her \ im sorry.. distance sucks. luckily you guys have skype! 
Yeah, we use it all the time. It's annoying to deal with sometimes, though. And it stinks to only be able to talk and not be able to hang out in person. \ I know because sometimes technology doesnt work the way we want it too.. i hope you get to be together again soon. 
I went to empty the trash outside and the can was covered with maggots. \ Wow,  that must be do disgusting 
It was so gross. I felt like I was going to throw up. \ I know exactly how that feels.  
I refused to take my neighbors properties because what I had was enough for me \ Did you fix it so that they won't lose their property in the future?
Not really,  he wanted me as a girlfriend  \ I'm confused. What do you being his girlfriend have to do with you not taking his property?
i have faith in a brighter future \ I hope you are right.
i believe in society and the work the government is providing for us! \ why is that
because they are just very trustworthy! \ Where do you live?  Cause it isn't in the US.
Took the wife to the club, big mistake. \ why is that?
All the guys hitting on her,  only good thing is free drinks for her.  lol \ i guess we all learn from our mistakes never take her there again
I was in a meeting when someone accused me of stealing his money,  it was so tough on me \ That's the thing with accusations, anybody can say anything. But if they don't have any proof then it's meaningless.
Seriously,  it was not funny,  but the truth came out finally  \ It's hard to be accused of something you didn't do. I'm glad the truth prevailed.
I have to teach an in-service class at work next week. I am feeling a bit uneasy about doing it. \ OK,  calm down,  take a deep breath and relax 
I'm hesitant because I get nervous in front of groups. \ OK,  now I get it. But you need to rehearse in front of a mirror,  that will help
I had to give a presentation at an international conference recently. I was terrified! \ That sounds pretty nerve-wracking. How did it go?
It turned out okay, thankfully! I was nervous for nothing! \ That's good to hear!
I caught my dog trying to eat my nephew's dirty diaper that my brother left on the couch \ Oh man, that's funny and terrible at the same time.
It was really gross. I had to keep my dog from licking my face for a long time after that. \ Yeah, I would keep away from him for another 2 months or so.
i have so much faith in my wife . \ That is positive, you must really love her!
i really love her, it's amazing how when u lose all hope life shows you that everything happens for a reason. that's probably why i met her! \ That is true love, I am so glad you met her! 
I felt ashamed when I haven't made an effort on my appearance then head outside into the public \ appearance is important, what's more important is how you look on the inside!
That's a good boost for me and I appreciate that. I just always worry about what people see first about me \ be nice to people and you'll see that that's the only thing people care about!
I felt a little bad the other day because I got upset with my son. He always panics when I have to buzz his hair and I was so frustrated.  \ Dealing with kids can be like that. Is there something about doing his hair that he is scared of?
I think it is just the noise of the buzzer that makes him nervous, but he literally just screams and cries. It definitely doesn't hurt him at all. \ Sounds like a bribe is in order. Then it's a win for everyone.
I had just moved into a new house and when I came home from work there was a giant spider crawling around. \ Yuck! I am so afraid of spiders. Were you able to squash it?
I am scared too. I took my shoe off and threw it across the room and hit it dead on. I could not believe that I hit it. \ Haha! That's amazing! What a great shot. I usually have to make my husband get rid of them for me.
I let my wife deal with all the finances.  I rely on her to do the right thing with it.  I am cool with that. \ that is so much trust! i hope she doesn't let you down!
If she does, it's no big deal.  We all die in the end. \ that went really dark quickly. making a mistake is not the same thing as dying.
i feel very hopeful for the future \ Why?  The sun is going to engulf the earth in a few billions years.  And even before that, the Y chromosome in humans is going to die out and our civilization will end.
look at the bright side! soon the robots will take over and we won't be there so no one can hurt anyone anymore. \ Now that is hopeful.
I was scrolling through Twitch the other day and saw someone playing Super Mario 64. I had to start watching right away because that was probably the first video game I ever played! \ did it feel nostalgic? 
Very much! My dad and I used to play it all the time when I was little. We would compete to see who could get the most stars. \ you sure had a fun childhood!
i care about my wife and i always want the best for her  \ That's very nice of you. I feel the same way about my husband. Isn't it nice to care about someone?
it is so beautiful when you can just rely on them and not even overthink about it. \ It is probably one of the best feelings!
I trust my boyfriend so much when he lives in Holland and I live in the UK \ how much you trust him?
I trust him with all my heart because he has my back! \ do you believe he comes you with life long?
in that situation i felt proud by my father  \ What was it that made you so proud of him?
my father was a honest man, the shop owner also knows him  \ being honest is always a good thing, I am glad you are so proud of him!
Have you lost a parent? \ i have. have you?
Yeah, I found out while going through my fathers things that he kept everything I had every handmade for him. \ aw that's great. you're lucky to have a father who cared like that. mine never did
my cat's an outdoor cat that i let out to have fun, and i just found out he was run over by a car yesterday \ Oh no! How old was he? I'm so sorry losing a pet is so hard.
he was only 3 and now he's gone forever, and i'm the one who did it \ What color was he- and its not your fault you were just doing what you thought was best for him.
Every year n=on my friends's birthday, I take her out for dinner and drinks. Her birthday was last week. \ how did it go?
I totally forgot that it was her birthday. I felt so bad. \ how did you make up for it?
I was upset when my dog ran away \ Did you find him?
No i did not \ How long has it been? I am so sorry. That must be so difficult.
Do you have any animals? I have one but have been thinking about getting another. \ yep i have a cat. he's really sweet, and totally worth it. but it all depends on what kind of animal you get
Yeah, I have a 14 year old cat and work long hours. I've been thinking about almost getting him a new kittne. \ hmmm do you think he'll like that after all this time?
i've never kissed a girl before and my girlfriend and i are going to kiss for the first time tomorrow night, and i know she's going to make me feel safe and special \ Oh wow, That is a huge step! Are you nervous?
oh yeah but im putting my heart in her hands and i know we'll have a great time \ Thats great! How old are you?
i was in the train the other day and i fell and everyone started laughing at me \ Oh no that must have been so embarrassing. Were you injured at all? 
i just got my knee bruised, and it really was embarrassing \ Embarrassment is almost worse than an actual injury! I hope your knee feels better soon.
I got to see Stephen King on his book tour for his new novel. He was handing out 100 signed books, but I didn't get one. \ that must've been very disapointing
Yeah I was really hoping to get one. It was still pretty amazing to see him speak live though! \ maybe you'll be luckier next time!
I recently remembered a sweet memory of my aunt who recently passed away. \ what was it?
She would give hundreds of dollars of school supplies to kids in need each year. \ wow, that's an amazing woman. did she rub off on you any?
She did! I fill stockings around the holidays and go around on Christmas giving them out to people who have to work. :) \ that's pretty cool of you. i hope to have a daughter like you someday
im just sitting here with my cat in my lap and thinking about all the money in my bank account. life is good \ That's fantastic! Have you been working extra hard to earn it all, or did it come to you some other way?
let's just say it's mine to keep, and now everything is taken care of. i dont have a care in the world \ Wow! I'm really happy for you- that must be such a great feeling of peace. 
yeah and now my cat gets the nice treats \ Hahah! I bet your cat get spoiled plenty!
I was so mad when I came out of the salon with different hair color than I asked for \ What color did it end up being?
I asked for blonde, I came out as a brunette \ Are you serious? Thats not even close to being the same color.
5 \ What is wrong?
Sorry I hit the wrong button. I'm a teacher and I'm at a new school and my goal was NOT to make a fool of myself so of course first hour....I tripped over my stool and fell. \ Oh no! that must have been embarrasing
I've gotten this job opportunity but, I don't think it will be a good fit \ Why don't you think it will be a good fit? You might be underestimating yourself
Well, it's a factory job and I'm afraid that the monotony will be too soul-crushing \ You do have a good point. You really should do what will make you happy because life is just too short
My daughter and her family are coming this Thanksgiving. I'm already preparing for their visit. \ Oh that's exciting! Are you nervous at all?
Not too much, just really exciting. I'm planning everything even though it's months away, even the menu. \ Oh wow, it sounds like you really love them. I'm super happy for you! I hope it goes exactly how you planned. You sound like a good father.
a girl i like at school told me today she doesn't like me in front of everyone \ Oh no! That must have been really embarrassing! How did you respond?
i walked away so i didnt do something stupid like HIT HER! \ I don't blame you. That was so rude of her to make that comment in front of everyone.
yep but don't worry. next week im going to walk right up to her and tell her *i* don't like *her* \ Good for you! 
My mother in law was recently placed in hospice and is not expected to live much longer. \ oh man. it's always tough to lose a parent. how old is she?
She's 87, so she has lived a long life, but she has Alzheimers, and it's really sad to watch her lose her mind. \ yeah i bet. at least you got to know her for as long as you did
That's a great way of looking at it. I should try to keep a positive attitude towards it. \ yep she's want you to remember that, even if she can't remember it herself
i always question my ability and when that happens i envy people. \ Does that at least inspire you to improve your abilities?
yes but it just feels bad to not be able to feel confident in myself and my abilities \ I feel that way sometimes too
I was driving home from out of town really late one night and was exhausted \ that's very dangerous , driving and being exhausted did you manage to get home safe?
I did get home safe but it was scary because the roads were two lane and lots of 18-wheelers were heading in the opposite direction. I kept thinking I would swerve into their lane and collide into them \ i'm glad you didn't 
i had my friend over and my family started saying stuff that made me so embarrassed \ Have you ever knew some that got to do everything you wanted to but couldn't? Well have and its not fun.
why don't you try harder next time? \ I think I will . Thank you for your advice.
i use to want to go to the dog show but never got to . But my friend got to go every time it came around. \ how did that make you feel?
It often made me mad. And it made me not like them . \ maybe in the future you'll get to go there!
I feel like I have let my family down. I got into trouble with the law.  \ Oh that's not good. What did you do? 
I lied to the cops about something I was questioned about. Truthfully, I didn't want other people to get into trouble. But instead, I was charged with making false statements to the police.  \ I'm sorry you are going through that. Sometimes telling the truth is the best, even if other people might get in trouble.
I haven't been sleeping well for a few days now because my husband was on a 30 hour road trip to get our new puppy. \ Oh wow. I know being away from our loved ones can make it hard to sleep. Have you tried to listen to nature sounds? I have an app on my phone and I play rain sounds to help me sleep. 
That's a great suggestion. Last night I actually did sleep a bit better because I opened the window and was able to listen to outdoor noises like crickets and cicadas.  \ I love listening to nature. I live in the country, and could not imagine being in the city. I lived there for a few months, but there was too much traffic and noises that kept me up. I moved back to the country. 
i am so prepared for my job interview today \ What kind of job is it for?
computer engineering! \ That's a great career.  
I did one of those water coasters the other day. \ did you have fun?
It was a blast.  Like a roller coaster on water. \ wow , that sounds so cool!
My brother's dog pooped upstairs, and I didn't see it, and ended up stepping in it... \ No!!! gross... did you flip? 
No, I had my brother clean it up. But it got on my shoe, which wasn't nice to deal with. \ i am sure it wasnt 
I know its probably too soon to tell but I am afraid my daughter is going to be a difficult teenager!  \ Hah... I have a teenage sister. I can agree. But they can have their good moments. I hope for the best for you.
Thanks! Thats nice of you.  \ With the way you sound, I'm sure you'll have the patience and the wisdom to raise her the right way through the teenage years anyway.
god has done so much for me in my life. i owe everything to him \ You sound very grateful. 
and i know he's going to come back for me and take me away from this place \ Well, hopefully you will enjoy it while you are here! 
i know he'll take care of me in heaven even if he hasn't taken care of me here on earth \ That's a great, positive attitude. 
One time I was working on a huge project with a lot of people and made a huge mistake. Another person from another company could have embarassed me, but instead he helped me out and covered for me.  \ that's nice. i wish i had people like that to work with
I've never had that happen before either. It was a hostile environment and he certainly didn't have to help me, but he did. I've tried to be more like that since then.   \ i wonder if he has a crush on you or wants something in return
Haha. I doubt that. He was halfway around the world. It was a long time ago and he never asked for anything.  \ did it boost your confidence and faith in mankind?
Yes, it did.  \ glad to hear it. i hope it's only grown since then
I was very disappointed that I was let go of a job I had had for years \ I'm sorry to hear that. Did they give you a severance package? Also, Do you have prospects for a future position?
They did provide severance. I wasn't sure what to do but felt that things would work out \ At least they did that much for you. I'm sure you'll land on your feet. You seem like an optimistic type
Well, actually I did end up getting a job that I like! \ That's wonderful! I hope you find fulfillment and a sense of purpose {not to mention a chunky wallet haha}
Thanks! The wallet's still a bit skinny, but I like the job, though! \ Personally, I find that a job you enjoy that gets you by is superior to one that makes you a lot of money at the cost of your happiness
The other day I was going through my things and I found my old Gamecube. I remember all the fun times I had playing with friends. \ Did it make you nostalgic?
Why certainly! It brought back memories of childhood and how carefree I used to be. I'd love to go back to those times. \ I know what you mean, life gets more complicated as you get older :)
Such is life but, the best we can do is find pieces of the old emotions we cherish in modern item. Like the smell of dishsoap my grandmother used to use. \ Funny how some of those smells bring back the feelings of old times!
I've been trying to be extra supportive towards my husband.  \ That's nice to hear.  It's always a good thing in a marriage to show each other support through thick and thin.
Yes - so true. His mom is dying, and he is working long hours on top of it. I feel really bad for him. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  Just knowing that he has you to lean on probably goes a very long way in helping him get through that.
One time when I was younger I wore a Halloween costume that I'd been looking forward to show off.  But I ended up covering myself up with a cape, because I was self conscious of how I looked. \ Aww- I'm sorry that happened. Why were you embarrassed?
Well the costume itself ended up looking great, since my mom made it.  But I hadn't realized how fat I looked when i wore it, so I felt bad. \ It's always difficult when you feel self-conscious - but I've learned that people rarely judge you as hard as you judge yourself. 
That's true, but no matter how much I tell myself that I always end up thinking about it too much about it.  I'm constantly worrying about what people think of me. \ Please try to be kinder to yourself! You are a great person- with a lot to offer. Always remember to be good to yourself.
My son sent me into an absolute panic at the grocery store the other day. He was only supposed to return his cart and instead he ran out the door! \ Oh I see , what happens then?
Luckily a kind woman in line behind me went and brought him back. He'd only gone into the entryway to look at a gumball machine.  \ That's ok , Its a gods grace
Whom do you belive the most \ In reference to what?
Your trustful person? \ My husband is my most trusted companion.
I was really expectant anyway \ What were you expecting?
That i will get the job \ You sound confident. Did the interview go that well?
My husband went all out for our date night. I was quite pleased and his efforts had a big impact on me. \ Thats so good,am happy for you
The attention to details were remarkable. It was a night to remember. \ Congrats dear,am so happy fpr you
My false tooth came out while I was on a date with a guy I'd liked for months! It was horrible. \ Did he notice? That would have been embarrassing.
He did! I was eating some bread, and it came out and I didn't even notice. He was trying to say it without saying that my tooth was missing. \ Did he notice? That would have been embarrassing.
My friend who I haven't seen in a long time came to visit. She married a very wealthy man and I was a bit envious \ Oh no! Were you envious because you liked her yourself, or because you don't have a wealthy husband?
She drove up in a fancy car and seems like she doesn't have a care in the world. I wish that were me some days. \ It can be you, you just have to work hard for it.
i am so mad at my sister because she always talks bad things about me behind my back... \ That is terrible, family should never betray each othey
but sadly, i have the worst family.. \ Hey, family is still family. Unfortunately we don't get to pick and choose. I know it can be hard 
I once got a terrible score on a test that was important to my final grade in the course, I was so scared to tell my parents because it was a very important class \ don't be sad it'll be okay
Thanks, it turned out fine as I am now in college haha \ that's great then , glad it didn't affect anything
turns out my best bro has a crush on MY crush. and guess what? she like him back, and they're going on a date tonight \ well you should be happy for them!
oh, you too? does everyone get to have nice things except me? \ no , but if you really liked her , you should be happy that she found someone she like.
i was looking at my old pictures the other day and it brought so much memories! \ hope they were bad ones
they weren't actually. \ maybe you just don't realize they were bad because you're optimistic to a fault
I was at a get together recently and a friend's husband was flirting with me. \ i feel bad for your friend. did you tell her?
I didn't know what to say to her, and was afraid she wouldn't believe me and it would cause her to be angry at me. It's a bad situation.  \ oh god, that sounds terrible
i trust my project and i believe it's gonna do amazing! \ That's great- you should always feel confident in yourself. What is your project?
a game , i've been working on for so long \ Cool! There's a lot of money to be made creating games! I bet you will do well.
My friend wanted to impress a girl so I let him borrow my sports car. \ Wow, like seriously.  Why the show off? 
She was out of his league and he wanted something to impress her. \ OK,  maybe she's materialistic 
My grandma fell sick,  and I have been the one taking care of her \ I hope she gets better. It must be very hard seeing loved ones in sickness.
Oh yeah,  she's getting better,  she is so lovely .I love her so much  \ That's wonderful. I hope that her sickness hasn't been too taxing on you.
I just received my certification to teach english as a second language! \ Congrats!!! Do you already have a job lined up? 
Yes.  I will be teaching children from Asia. \ thats so awesome good for you 
Man I really wish I could take a break from work like my wife.  \ Don't we all!  Work is often times one of the most stressful things in life.
you hit the nail on the head there! its rewarding and stressing at the same time ugh!  \ Where do you suppose you would like to take a break at?
A worker was supposed to come to the house to fix my air conditioning. I changed my plans for him and just sat there. Then he never showed up and didn't even bother to call.  \ That's annoying, did you call him after he didn't turn up?
We didn't bother. At that point, we didn't want to use him anymore.  \ That's understandable. What a frustrating experience for you.
I was arguing for a long time with someone, and then everyone found out i was wrong. \ Oh, I'm sorry. Everyone makes mistakes sometimes. 
The thing was that it was my brother, so he will never let me forget it now. \ That's how it works with siblings! 
They always come out at night \ There are so many things that come out at night. What are you referring to?
Am refering to ghost \ They come out in the daytime too. It's just that they are scarier at night.
my father couldn't stope any lower, how can someone take money from their own child \ That's horrible! I'm a parent and I could never take money from my child. Did you confront him?
i did many times, but he threatens to kick me out and ruin everything \ How frustrating! Keep your head held high and be strong. One day you'll be able to keep him from taking your money.
When I was in second grade, I wet my pants in the middle of class. \ oh that's so embaressing 
I know! I was super afraid of my teacher, and was scared to ask her to go to the bathroom. \ why are were you scared? don't be next time stand up and ask your teacher you want to go to the toilet otherwise you will wet your pants
my wife is always there for me, so i trust her more than anybody and i dont want to have any friends otehr than her, she is my faith \ That's really nice, however, to keep the marriage fresh and strong, I think it's important for you to have outside friends.
that's only normie talk, we are both introverted and we hate people \ Haha, well I do know the feeling. I guess if it works for you, then don't change anything.
i am a joke, i am ashemed of what i did \ what did you do???
i builied someone because they made fun of my mother, but the person had difficulties walking already and i buillied i can't believe i did that \ well im sure you'll get over it. nobody should make fun of our mothers
I want to trick my butler into thinking he won the lottery. I've taped the local new's winning lottery numbers and I'm going to buy a ticket with the same numbers and give it to my butler \ That's hilarious! Is he usually down for a good prank?
I'm not sure he likes being the target of pranks, but he likes to prank me and this prank is to get back at him for a prank he pulled on me and my cousin \ Well, that's fair. If he pulls them, he has to be willing to have them pulled on him, too.
I can't believe Matt Ryan got 30 million. \ That's a large amount of money!
Yes highest paid in the league. \ He is a Superbowl caliber QB, so I guess he deserves it.
I cant believe I got arrested for a DUI this weekend, I let myself down. \ That wasn't smart.
I know I promised myself I wasn't going to drink anymore. \ Why did you then?
My friend just took her kids to Disneyland and I feel a little bad about it. \ Why's that?
I'd been wanting to do that trip with my kids for years. I'm happy for her- just wish it could have been me. \ I can understand that. It's a tough trip to make, but hopefully you'll be able to soon.
I  waited 3 years for them to realise season 3 and they promised it was to be released today, i was so devastated when i found out that they had to postpone it even more :/ it's just so annoying \ stay hopeful! , they'll release it sooner or later
i hope so :< \ it's all gonna be fine and you'll get what u want.
I won a trip to Washington D.C. a few years ago \ and how was it? did you enjoy it?
I had a blast. I met people from all over the country, visited many historical sites, and learned a lot about how government works  \ and how was it? did you enjoy it?
I'm looking forward to my best friend's surprise birthday party next week! \ That sounds like so much fun! I love parties!
I'm really happy about it- she's a great friend and she's turning 40, so it's a big one! \ Hey, I just had that one! What do you have planned?
I still have a favorite stuffed animal of mine that I've had since I was young.  It's still in pretty good condition and reminds me a lot of my childhood. \ That is so sweet. It is wonderful to have things that bring back these beautiful memories. 
Yeah, it is.  I always like to keep things that mean a lot to me and this was a gift from my mom so it's even more special. \ That really does make it special. I'm glad you have that. 
I am so impatient for tuesday.  \ What happens Tuesday?
My house might be sold!  \ Nice, how much will you get?
If my plans work out, I'll be moving to France in the winter. \ that is so cool! omg beautiful.. what part of france? 
Paris. \ beautiful, congrats! 
My apartment is right near the dumpster for our commplex. \ That is terrible, does it smell?
no. That's not the problem. Sometimes people leave their trash on the outside and then there are a lot of raccoons out there at night. \ You should tell someone.
I hope I win the lottery this week. \ I think it's my turn to win the lottery
Maybe we can split it if we win. \ Sure, That's sounds like a real plan. lol
a young girl, crying, sadden by the cruelity of our elders, told me about all these feelings i began to cry and became very sentimental \ ....what feelings? what are you talking about
she said that the elder man approached her and told her she is dumb and that made her very sad and upset \ oh man, that's rough to hear from someone older than you. is she ok?
My 25th high school reunion is coming up and I'm excited. \ That sounds like fun! Are you looking forward to seeing anyone in particular?
Honestly? There was this girl who really treated me poorly - I can't wait for her to see how successful I have been! \ Well I hope she's there. Maybe she'll regret how she treated you.
A hurricane hit my city. The first night I thought the wind was going to tear the roof off the house  \ Oh no! Hurricanes are scary.  I've been through a few myself.  Was it your first one?
It was my third. Luckily we didn't lose power for more than a few hours \ I lost power in our last hurricane for 3 days.  Did the wind do any damage to your home?
It damaged the roof and the fence. We lost power for six days during the first hurricane I experienced \ In the end, I'd rather be  in a hurricane than a snow storm.  lol
I am loyal to my principles, that is why I do not eat meat, because I love life  \ Wow,  you are a vegetarian? 
If I already have 10 years of vegetarian \ This is serious.  For me,  I don't joke with meat
My daughter recently broke curfew by three hours! \ that must've made you so furious
I was super angry, yes! I ended up grounding her for three weeks- one week for each hour she was late. \ you sure are a very strict parent.
Oh man- you must be really intelligent to test for Mensa! I bet it was difficult! \ Some parts were, but some parts were easy. 
I have a certification exam coming up and I think I'll do well. \ That's great! I'm sure you'll be well prepared. 
I think so- I've studied quite a bit with my husband and others. \ Then I am sure it will go well for you. What is it in?
I lied to my girlfriend yesterday.  I feel awful about it \ WHY ? what did you lie about? 
Something stupid.  I didn't want her to get mad but now I regret lying \ if you truly regret it you will tell her now, go and do that1
i am so envious of my sister, she has everything i just want to make her life hell \ That doesn't sound very good, but jealousy is a hard thing to deal with
yeah but only i should get everything! no one else \ Other people deserve to have things, too.
I trusted my brother in law with my dog and messed up. \ what happened? 
he went missing. \ im sorry :( how long has he been missing for? 
I just wont ever forget the way I felt when I lost my father.  \ im sorry to hear that. how long ago was it?
it was 10 years ago but it never feels any less  \ I can only imagine.  i hope it has gotten a little easier for you?
I heard some noises outside the house. I thought someone was trying to break in. \ what
It turned out to be nothing, but it was really stressful.  \ i can imagine, it happend to me before and it was actually someone trying to break in, i called hte police and they ran off
i am so embaressed at myself... i cant believe i fell down the stairs and my pants fell and my behind was exposed to the whole crowd  \ Oh no! When that happens you have to get up and yell, "Safe!"
indeed, but this time i was red and yelling in my head \ Awww, well it happens to everyone sometimes. Just try to forget it. 
I was driving to a new destination and I kind of knew the directions. My mom did not turn the navigation on and she let me drive there. \ I hoe you made it there. Getting lost sucks!
Yeah it does. Well, I made it there with a couple wrong turns, but my memory worked out for me. \ I am glad you made it there with only a few hiccups along the way. You must have a good memory when it comes to directions. 
I got married very young at 18. This year we celebrated our 12 year anniversary. \ Wow. That is very interesting. These days, many people get married later in life. Congratulations!
Yes, most people get married later in life or their marriages don't last. I don't reommend getting married young because it's hard work but I have been faithful to my marriage and worked hard at it. \ That is good to hear. Yeah, my parents married young and it worked out for them too. I am happy to hear that it turned out good for you.
i love my cat so much. im tending to him as he's dying, and it's such a sweet moment for us \ oh no :< that's so sad, i also have a cat but she is in her early days 
its just nice to be able to be there for someone who needs you \ i know right? they make you happy and in the end that's all one needs
don't you think life is peaceful? are you content? \ eh not really. what about you
i did, espcially today when i woke up, i realised how everything is meaningful and how i can't just waste my life chasing after money and stupid things like that, so i decided to work hard on becoming free \ and what does that mean practically? what will you do differently?
i will work on the things i enjoy, which is knowledge and learning more and go for nature walks more often \ i love walking in nature. hiking is a great way to exercise and to explore the outdoors
I was eating some food at a restaurant when I found a hair in it. I didn't NOT want to eat any more! \ I know how you feel that would gross me out too.  Makes me feel like whoever prepared my food was not very clean.
No, it just feels yuck. It pretty much makes you lose your appetite.  \ I agree, I wouldn't be in the mood to eat after that either, it's disgusting.
I've known my best friend since I was 4 years old.  He joined the Air Force after high school and moved out of state and I was really upset when he left. \ Oh it's always sad when someone you care about leaves. Can you at least keep in contact with him?
Oh yeah, we still keep in contact over the Internet daily and visit each other every few years.  But I miss when we used to hang out every day. \ I know. It is hard to say goodbye to people but he is doing a wonderful thing at least. 
I wanted to go to Spacecamp. I filled out a form to try to get a scholarship because I knew that was the only way I could go. \ which way is that?
I could only go if I got a scholarship because I couldn't afford it otherwise.  \ maybe it happend for a reason? maybe you will find a better apportunity to get there
the future is so uncertain and yet so certain i am so not ready for what's about to come it fills mee with anxiety and depression just thinking about it \ Everything is going to be okay. Try to relax. 
i hope so \ If there is something in particular, try to deal with it head on. 
i wanted to finish the book today, and i'm afraid that i can't finish it today. \ Can you tell me the name of the book? I find myself being engaged by a lot of novels these days.
i'm more into psychology and philosophy, but you should try everything everything it's a great novel! \ How many pages do you have to go? You should try to finish it today and power through it!
 I did some maintenance on my car and learned how to change out the thermostat. It was very easy using Youtube as guidance! \ it's insane how Youtube and the internet overall are so helpful!
Seriously! I wouldn't have never learned this stuff and would of had to spend hundred of dollars at a repair shop!  \ that's so insane right? glad you did it yourself!
My ten-year-old cat died a few weeks ago. I still can't believe he's gone. \ Im sorry to hear that. Tell me a fond memory you have of him/her.
Thanks. Whenever he wanted to come back into the house, he would call and I was the only person who seemed to hear him. I think we were connected, lol \ Yeah each cat has their own personality. It's good to reflect on little things like that. Maybe once the sting of all of it is over you can get another one and continue to create more sweet memories like the one you just shared with me.
I was at work the other day and this young lady started hitting on me for no reason. I told her I was married but she kept on trying to flirt with me. \ It's terrible when people can't take no for an answer. Did you report her?
I actually spoke with a manager about the situation and they moved me to another spot so I could work in peace. They told me if she starts again then take it to HR. Apparently she is known for that kind of behavior. \ Wow, she sounds like a real piece of work. I'm glad you reported her. Maybe they should consider firing her.
I ran like never before when I saw a black cat in my room \ I think you do not like cats very much ...
The sight of it scares me,  I love the white one though,  but not black  \ Well, then, you should think about God when you see them
Hello ... I confess that when I see my daughter's eyes, my heart suffers. \ Wow,  what happened to her eyes? 
They are sick \ Ohhh sorry about that. It is well. 
Last December, my husband lost his job. He's our main source of income. \ Oh I'm really sorry to hear that. Has he been looking for another job?
He has won now. But it was really rough for awhile. Especially Christmas. \ We went through the same thing with my husband. I know it is stressful, but I am so glad you got through it and things are better now. 
I tried out for the broadcasting club to do the announcements at school. I really wanted to get in! \ That sounds exciting? Did you get in to the club? 
I did! I remember being so happy at that moment, even though it was 25 years ago! \ Wow, it's always nice when we get something we really want. Especially if we have to compete for it.
have you ever had a big test coming up that you worried about? Well I had one recently.and I did not worry at all. \ Thats good because you prepared for it
Sure did night and day for 5 nights straight . I did not even get butterflies in my stomach before I took it. \ Wow,you made it,congrats
They always neglt me \ who does and that is mean of them.
They dont worth my time \ Sure  your worth your time. do not be so down on yourself.
One time my car ran out of gas on the side of the road and a friend helped me by getting gas for me. \ Oh wow, that was nice of your friend, that is not a fun situation to be in
Yeah I felt bad for him because we were both late for work that day. \ Well that is a true friend right there then!
I was disgusted when I saw someone get their head cracked open during a fight \ That's nuts, do you know if they are ok?
No idea, I think they were okay, but I did not know them personally \ Ah ok. That's crazy though. Hope they are ok.
Today is the anniversary of my fathers death. He has been gone for 18 years now. \ Wow,  18 years. Accept my condolence please 
Thanks. It's hard all of the time but the anniversary always just brings it all back. Makes me feel really down. \ Just take heart OK,  it's one of those things
I really felt so bad when I remembered how I stole my mum's money and my brother was punished for it \ Maybe it's time to clear your conscience so you won't have to feel so bad anymore.
I'm trying so hard seriously  \ You can't change the past. All you can do is learn from it. If you are sincere then your family will forgive you.
I love my wife and kids. I sacrifice so much time for them all and it feels great! \ Same, don't know what i would do without them.
I feel responsible for their future and I want to do everything I can for them! \ That's part of being a good parent, it all goes hand in hand.
My new manager gave me a pay-rise! \ That's got to be an amazing feeling to have going for you. How do you feel?
I feel very grateful that he has been so generous. \ It's going to help your family out so much I bet everyone is so proud of you, congrats you deserve it.
My partner left me the other day. \ That's rough, I'm sorry to hear that
That's fine, its not your problem. i just feel very lonely right now. \ I am sure you will find someone who will love you even more than your ex did soon.
I just moved to a new city and I don't know anyone \ That's too bad, you have to go out and make new friends.
Yeah, it's hard though. I hate to go out by myself. It's hard for me to meet new people \ Suck it up and get out there, it is the only way or you will end up very lonely.
Today at the grocery store my car was hit! He was on his phone! \ I'm so sorry!  That's awful!  Did you get his insurance information?
Oh absolutely. Luckily I had a witness help testify that he was indeed on his phone. \ That's a mercy, at least. Are you hurt?
My boss keeps putting off my employee review and it's really stressing me out.   \ Is there anyone else you can talk to? Maybe even Human Resources?
That's a good idea.  I'm just worried because she only has two employees and it'll be obvious it was me.  \ I see where you're coming from. Sometimes though you got to make a stand and show you're serious about the position.
During my birthday,  my dad bought me a gold watch , I was so happy  \ What a lovely gift. I'm sure that you will always treasure it because it came from him.
Oh yes , I longed for that you know , but he surprised me \ Makes it even better that you didn't know you were getting it.
I took my final exams a few weeks ago and I was sure I had done well, but I failed. \ Oh I'm so sorry to hear that!
I don't know what happened. I studied and passed everything else. Now I have to retake the class and I'm upset \ Is there somewhere you can go for extra help with that course? A tutor or something?
My sister kept playing a few seconds of a song over and over again on her laptop last night. Now it's stuck in my head. \ That's so annoying.  I hate it when that happens.
It drives me bonkers when she does that \ Can you block her out, maybe?  Get some noise blocking headphones?
My cat has been missing for a week. I have looked everywhere. \ Have you called animal control? What about putting up flyers?
Yes. I am so worried She is 23 years old. I got her when I was little. \ Maybe someone found her and took her in.
I was at a retail store and encountered a lost child. \ Were you able to help? How scary for that child!
Yes. I calmed the child down and found a supervisor to help reunite them with their parents. \ That's good. I am glad it was a happy ending.
I have been spending a year learning a new skill and after so much study and hard work it is finally paying off. I am feeling faithful again.  \ that is great.. may i know what you have learnt
I have been learning to trade on the Forex markets. \ it is challenging i guess.. best wishes that you developed skill over it
Thank you sir, have a great day! \ great day to you too
I saw these 4-color Bic pens in the store the other day. I remember when I was young and getting one was like Christmas morning! \ The ones with the little colored sliders on the end? Those were cool!
Yes! My mom used to always get me one each year before school started. Those were the coolest pens in the world! \ I liked them too.
 My friend told me she didnt have enough money for rent and that she needed to borrow some money.  \ I know you're not asking for advice but... DONT. Just dont.
I know... but I already did.. hoping for the best :/  \ ahhhhhh! I see this on Judge Judy everyday!
My dog got into some grapes the other day when my toddler had hid them in a toy and the dog found them. I know grapes are not good for dogs! It made me so nervous! \ My anxiety would have been having anxiety - so I feel you... hows the dog doing today? 
She's okay, I think she will be fine, I just dont know how many grapes is too much! Shes eaten an entire package of oreos before so I dont know :( \ Awh.. if shes okay today she will be fine! 
I'm optimistic that my house is going to sell soon. \ Has it been on the market for long?
Only a week- and 17 people have seen it already, so I'm feeling good about it selling quickly! \ Wow! That's awesome. I'm sure you'll sell soon.
i am so prepared the exam tomorrow! \ How hard have you been studying? Exams are extreme amounts of mental crunch time!
yup but i have been studying since for a year  \ You sound very confident! I wish I had your confidence when I was in school.
tomorrow i have interview and i have done my study so i am feeling confident \ I bet you will do great! What job is the interview for?
art design \ That's a great field. My daughter just got a degree in art but she hasn't been able to find a job yet. Good luck tomorrow!
My best friend was going to travel from Wisconsin to see my this summer, but she ended up not being able to come. \ oh that's too bad, what did you end up doing
Nothing- I still haven't seen her. I felt pretty let down - but hopefully I can make the trip to see her soon. \ you should defently and don't let this affect you too much, maybe she has a good reason
I did so well in that biology exam haha, i anticipated those questions to come up i was so ready \ Good for you. Being prepared is always better than the alternative.
yup! defiently, i am so amazing  \ Don't get too cocky but enjoy your victory you deserve it.
i am so mad at myself, i woke up late again today and missed a very important deadline, even though i set 4 alarms \ Oh no! You must feel really bad. Are you able to fix the problem?
no, i can't i just need to fix myself as  i am the problem \ Please try not to be so hard on yourself! We all make mistakes.
My sister threw up the other day and made a huge mess. \ that must have been an explosion and a half, did  you clean it up?
Fortunately no- she cleaned it up. But she had just had spaghetti and it was floating in it. It was so gross! \ i can imagine, that's gross as hell
I have to take a foreign language class for college, and I'm not sure how well I'll do \ I bet you'll be fine if you work hard enough. What language is it?
It's Spanish. I took some in high school, but that was a long time ago.I just don't want to have to speak it in front of others... \ I feel that way sometimes but it's the best way to learn, and it only gets easier!
I feel good about my last semester. I think I'll do better in my engineering classes this fall. \ Dang.. my old roommate was an engineering student. He always told me how hard it was. What kind of engineering?
I'm doing mechanical, it's pretty hard but it's interesting. A career in the field would be awesome! \ Yeah, I think once you get in the field, you're set. The jobs seem to pay well. Good luck with that, you sound like you know what you're doing.
I was livid when I went to work the other day and saw my car was broken in to \ oh no! that's terrible! I've had that happen before and it sucks
I heard it was happening in other areas but didn't expect it here because we live in a nice neighborhood. So frustrating \ I can imagine. did they steal anything?
Every year when the kids go back to school, it brings back so many memories of when my kids were going to school. \ I know what you mean.  I love to see all the pictures, and think back to how little mine used to be.
I would cry the first day of school every year, especially the milestone years. Now my grandchildren are starting school. Time flies by too quickly \ They do seem to be grown before you know it.  Make you wonder how if goes so fast!
So everyone is gone form the house and i found a thing of thin mints, and I ate the whole thing for breakfast. \ Sometimes it's ok to indulge. Did it give you a stomachache though lol?
LOL, I swear it was like I sat down and they were gone!  Probably gave myself diabetes. So not going to be able to eat the rest of the day! \ You should follow up with a few veggies later on maybe to balance it out. I know that feeling though. Its just so good you can't eat just one lol
My father passed away in November, it's made me feel empty ever since. \ I'm so sorry for your loss! It's so hard to lose a parent.
I didn't think it would hit me hard. I felt like I was prepared.  \ Sadly, I don't think we can ever be prepared for that kind of loss.
I surprised my girlfriend with Chik-Fil-A breakfast this morning when she got off work. \ Wow,  that's so nice of you
She works nights, and had no idea I was coming. I knew she had a bad night so I wanted to do something nice for her. \ That is cool.  You are really so caring 
I recently was laid off from my job. I haven't found anything yet, but I'm trying to stay positive that I will soon. \ Oh darn, that sucks.  Keeping a positive attitude is the way to go! I'm sure something is out there for you.
I keep looking and applying, but still here I sit. I know it will happen when the right one comes along though \ And here the job market was supposed to get great again.  lol
I just found out my cat is very sick and there's nothing we can do to save him. I've had him for 17 years, I don't know what to do with myself. \ That is so sad.. im sorry! ugh... i hope you can find peace. 
I hope so too, I'm going to miss Pants so much. \ what a cute name... i am sure you will.. again im sorry! 
I feel so bad about what I did.  \ What happened?
I lied to my dad.  \ At least you feel bad about it?
I lost the book that my friend let me borrow. I feel so embarrassed. \ Oh no! Can you replace it?
I'm trying to find a new one, but this one was rare and hard to find.  \ I'm sure your friend will be understanding that it was a mistake.
Did it take a long time to complete? \ Not too long, maybe 15 minutes?  The nurses commented that they were really happy they didn't have to wait on me to do it in the office lol
I work in a building that has parts of it under construction and our senior staff is offering tours. I'm a little worried about tripping and falling on something if I take a tour through the live construction zone.  \ I can certainly relate to you, it could be a safety hazard.
I agree! I think if I do it, i need to buy some closed-toe shoes and make sure I'm wearing the correct clothing.  \ That's a smart move, that would reduce the risk of injury.
It is hard to make a decision to take a new job when you have been with one employer for a long time. \ I agree. Do you find yourself in that situation right now? 
Yes, I feel like I need new experiences but I feel a sense of loyalty to my current employer. \ That's very kind of you to be so considerate. Hopefully the right choice will make itself obvious to you in the near future. 
I agree, I want to keep growing in my career. \ Well good luck to you! 
Looking to get this new job in my area. \ Great, I hope you get it.
Me too, been researching everything I can about them so I am ready for it. \ What type of job is it?
How can a mother do that to a child? \ Oh no, do what?
I"I was told from a little girl that my greatgrand parents farm would one day come to me. I believed it all my life and never questioned it. Momma sold it out from under me 2 months ago.". \ That's terrible, hope you weren't counting on it for fincancial reasons
I'm installing a new dishwasher in my kitchen today! \ That is great! Are you doing it yourself or are you hiring someone to help you out? 
I'm doing it myself! I've never done it, but I watched a bunch of YouTube videos, so I feel like I'm ready to tackle this job! \ That sounds exciting, it is always nice to have new kitchen appliances! I hope all goes well
I have been feeling a little lonely lately  \ I'm sorry to hear that! Maybe you can find a local club so you can meet people with similar interests!
That sounds like a great idea! I would love to just dance and shake off all these bad vibes! :)  \ That sounds like fun! And a great cure for loneliness! 
Hello!  I was really worried about my son the other day. \ Oh no, what was wrong?
He came home from school and said it was a bad day.  He seemed very down. \ Aw, did it turn out okay?
When we were trying to buy our first home, our financing fell through. \ Oh no!  That had to be frustrating. I hope it wasn't too close to closing.
It was a couple weeks out.  We had to switch lenders and it took another six months to find a place. \ I hope you still found a great home! The home buying process is certainly frustrating.
I am very sad, my mother recently passed away from a heart attack \ Oh no. I'm so sorry. I totally understand how you feel. Mine passed away a few years ago, It's very difficult
Yeah, I am very lucky to a have a great boyfriend, has has been very supportive and is helping me pull myself together.  \ It definitely helps to have a lot of support around you. Take care of yourself through this very difficult time.
My birthday was last week and I never heard from my brother OR my sister to wish me a happy birthday. \ oh no I am sorry to hear that! They must have been really busy and it must have slipped their mind
I guess I shouldn't expect so much from them and let myself get let down like I have. \ I am sure they had their reasons, maybe you should give them a call and see if everything is alright. They may be going through their own problems right now. 
Yesterday, I walked around with makeup smeared all over my face. I wish someone had told me. \ Oh my goodness! I did that after swimming one day. I was so busy getting the kids dressed that I forgot to clean my face. Black mascara all down my cheeks.
Did anyone tell you? I completely forgot I even had it on until I got home. \ No and I went to the grocery store and the library like that! No one said a word. It was so embarrassing.
My son was potty training when he was 2 and he ran out at a party without his pants on! My jaw dropped and I couldn't hide my red face! \ Were there other parents there? I think that anyone who has kids would understand.
No, they were a bunch of single people that my husband works with. They all laughed about it, but I was humiliated. It is funny to think back on now. \ I can understand being humiliated in the moment. Thankfully most kids grow out of that phase!
Yes, he is older now and would never do that. He is such a funny kid though. I was glad when that phase passed! \ 2 year olds don't know any better. And when everyone laughs, it can make them want to do it again.
Recently, I just received an unexpected bonus at work. It was given to me for working extra hard on a project! \ how, how are you going to spend it? or are you a saver?
I am a saver.  I plan to put it in my emergency fund just in case! \ thats a good choice
I saw a spider and i got scared \ Eek!  I hate spiders!  Did you kill it?
i tried but he got away. \ Oh no!  That's too bad.  Now you will have to keep an eye out for it!
Hey there, I had an embarrassing situation today.. \ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that! It can be tough when we feel that we have lost face in front of others.
I was at the grocery store when I noticed my fly was undone! \ Well, let's pretend that no one noticed! Either that, if someone noticed, perhaps they smiled when they thought "Wow, I've had that happen before, too" 
It wasn't easy recently when I told a friend I needed to stay home from going out for food and some entertainment because it wasn't something I could afford. \ I am sorry to hear that. I hope your financial situation improves in the future.
I do, too! Though, when you are caretaking for a parent, I realize it will be a very long time before that happens. \ I believe that you will be in a better situation soon.
I was rather nervous the other night when I was waiting to sing at a concert. \ Oh wow! How did it go?
Well people said they liked it, so I was glad, but I don't really think I sing that great. \ I'm sure you did great! I'd be a ball of nerves too, though.
Thanks! It's not something I do very often so yeah, I was quite anxious about it. \ Haha but you survied, Go you!
A few months ago I found some old family pictures. It made me miss old times \ Were they from when you were a kid?
They were. It made me miss all my cousins and Aunts and Uncles who've passed.  \ I know what you mean. I sure miss my departed loved ones.
I'm so mad at my neighbor! He's working on his home and dropped nails in the street. \ Oh no! Does he do that a lot?
Not really, but I was so annoyed when I came out this morning to a flat tire on my car. \ I would be also. You should try to get him to fix your tire. 
Last year my grandmother passed away. It's still hard to cope with \ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Losing a family member is so hard.
It is. I still can't look at old pictures of her.  \ I miss my grandmother every day. I hope things get easier for you over time.
My husband convinced me that it was a good move. \ What was a good move?
Changing jobs after 16 years at one place. \ Oh wow that is a long time. Why did you change your job?
I really hate going to the doctor. I was hesitant about going this time. \ Why do you need to go to the doctor?
I had a painful cyst and I knew I would have to get a needle. \ Oh that's terrible. Did they take care of it?
I went out for dinner the other night and it was at a really fancy restaurant.  I knocked my drink over by accident. \ Hey a similar thing happened to me! I hope no one saw!
It was a full glass, and it spilled all over the table. \ Ooops! I'm sorry to hear that. I'll tell you what though, it happens to the best of us! It's just a drink.
I was trying to get to a loaf of bread in the fridge, and I knocked over a full tub of my mother in law's chicken corn chowder! \ That must have been messy.  Were you able to get it all cleaned up?
Yeah but now the kitchen smells like milky soup! My mother in law is going to be a little peeved too, oops. \ I'm sure she's done something like that in the past herself though.
When I was a teenager I went tandem skydiving. This involved a total stranger being strapped to my back and jumping out of a plane. Thinking back on it now, I had to put a lot of trust that that dude wasn't a psycho murderer. \  Wow that definitely sounds like a crazy situation!
Haha yea it does now. Back then it seemed so reasonable. \ Way to live vicariously!
I love being around them and it's great to see them each year. \ Who would that be?
O I'm sorry, my niece and nephews, only seem in the summer. Do you get company during the summer? \ I love seeing mine too. I know how happy that must make you feel. Mine are local.
I had to teach an inservice class at work. I went over all of my notes very carefully \ Did it go well for you then?
Quite well. I was ready for any question that was asked of me. \ It's great when it works out that way, I hate presenting.
I was planning on going to grad school and I told a lot of people. I ended up not going, and I felt embarrassed every time someone asked me about how school was going. \ That sounds very uncomfortable. Were you honest with them about your change of plans?
Yes. Without really giving details, I always kind of shrugged off their questions and told them that it didn't work out. \ Right. 
What caused you to be freaked out over the finished basement? Sounds good all around. \ I was just scared because my parents and I had always been in rooms next to each other and now they were ALL the way downstairs. Thinking back it was a pretty silly thing to be afraid about.
On Saturday, I was able to go to the park and enjoy nature. \ Was it really nice out? I love being able to go out and just listen to the sounds of the outdoors.
Yes. I usually have so many things to do. And this day, I could enjoy it. \ That's great! I hope it was an all around good day for you.
My husband got a raise at work this week! I was so impressed with him.  \ Thats's great! I bet he's been working really hard.
He has. His work place has really started to recognize all the hard work he does around there which makes me so proud of him. \ It feels really good to be recognized for your efforts!
I watched a movie the other night with my kids, they really enjoyed it and we had a lot of cute conversation about it. \ What was the movie? I'm always looking for something new to watch with my kids!
It's called Ponyo. They've been singing a song from it for the last couple of days. \ I will have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestion. 
I recently had to go interview for a job I knew I was under qualified for, so I was fairly nervous going in. \ I'd have been nervous too.  Did you find out if you got the job?
The interview went pretty well, and I did end up getting the job, but I'm gonna have a lot of on the job training to do. \ That's awesome.  I'm so happy for you.
The other day I was looking through some old photo albums. \ Wow, that must of been a trip. How did it make you feel?
It brought back lots of good memories :) \ Awesome, I've gone through old albums like that before as well, and it always makes me feel good.
When I was younger, in a lapse of judgement, I stole chocolate bars from a shop I used to work in. I was caught. I felt terrible. It wasn't like me at all. I wish I could undo my actions. \ I think many children including myself stole things before they were taught it was wrong to steel.
That's true. I wasn't really a child though! I was at university! We all have little devils inside us, I suppose. \ I would not beat yourself up over the mistake. We all make mistakes even when we are older and should know better. 
The older I get, the more relaxed and just a simple happy and calm feeling I have. It is nice to just enjoy being alive. \ I agree. The sound of birdsong, a gentle breeze on a summer's day, the purring of your tabby-cat. You can't beat that, can you?
Those examples are definitely the simple pleasures of life. It makes me want to go outside and listen to the birds and smell the flowers. \ You should! Forget about your worries, if only for a moment. You'll return feeling refreshed.
