Sorry, I accidentally hit enter haha. Now that I've been working out for about a month! \ Oh that is great! I've heard that exercise can really help mentally and physically!
The cop said he was too old! \ Too old for what? What a strange thing to say.
Too old to give him a ticket for reckless driving!  \ That doesn't make much sense. Maybe I am missing the context.
My mom will be moving in at the end of next month and I've been thinking about my childhood with her. \ Was it a nice one?
It had it's ups and downs which is why I wonder what it will be like living with her as an adult. \ Do you have kids?
I do, which is one of the reasons I'm so excited. \ It's never to late to start new. You guys will be fine.
I have been ordering out for the past two weeks. \ Is it too hot to cook or do you just hate cooking?
Well it gets really hot in the kitchen, but I just haven't been feeling like doing it. I feel bad. \ Don't feel bad, I have those days, too. I keep boiled eggs handy for those times eating out gets too excessive. (protein)
I played a game of poker with a friend who had no idea what he was doing. I won about $100 from him that night. \ Oh no, he shouldn't have gambled. 
You are probably right! I felt bad when I was spending the money. I hope he didn't really need it. \ I would've too, but sometimes people need to learn a lesson.
I just enjoyed grocery shopping for the first time in a very long time. I've found my perfect restaurant/store and spent a very happy 40 mins or so wandering around it. \ That's great! Did you get anything you are especially excited about? It's a restaurant and a store?
Yes, it's both. I got a chickpea curry with basmati rice that a local Indian lady made. And a bag of dragon tongue beans, which are delicious! \ Dragon tongue beans! I've never heard of them! What do they look like?
They're the same shape as regular green beans, but lighter in color and they have red streaks through them. You treat them as you would green beans. \ I will have to look for those. We have a huge variety of foods where I live, but this is new to me. 
What I love about this store is it sources all of its produce locally and its all organic. So you get some strange, different things to try! \ It sounds amazing! Are the prices good?
I came home from work last night and my step dad scared me! \ How did he scare you?
Like he jumped out from behind a door and scared me. I was not expecting it! \ I bet that gave you a good scare! Gotta love dads and step dads!
My step dad showed me a cut he got while working on his boat and I could see his muscle fibers. I almost puked. \ Oh that sounds disgusting! 
Yeah it was gross. He probably should get stitches. \ I hope he gets that taken care of!
Recently there have been a few break ins. \ Oh no! Did you property get broken into? Or your neighbor's property?
No, my neighbor did but that's close enough for me!  \ For real! Are you taking any precautions?
When I wrestled in high school I always expected the other guy to be way better...so I would give it everything I had \ That's a good strategy.
Did you ever play any sports \ I didn't I was a cheerleader though if you want to count that.
MY internet used to be awesome now it cuts out several times a day. \ Well at least you can find an excuse to step outside the house and mix it up!
That's true, but it also ruining my Call of Duty stats. Thats the worst part. \ I love Call of Duty.  What's your rank
One time I saw a stray dog walking around a restaurant looking for food \ Inside the restaurant ? What kind of place was this ?
It was outside a fried chicken chain restaurant \ Okay, that makes more sense then to me.
Everyone at work was sitting together eating lunch and talking but they didn't invite me. \ That's terrible of them! I would sit with you!
I sat alone and I felt so sad. Thank you, though. \ Hey that really stinks. I hope that you can find someone to sit with you.
I was so supised when I was making my cereal this morning. Something was in my cereal.  \ What was in there?!
It was a toy! I didn't know they did that anymore! \ That's hilarious! They sure do! My kids look forward to them!
We made sure to board up for the hurricane coming. \ Where are you located ?
We are in Miami, Florida 1 mile from the beach. . \ I wasn't even aware there was a hurricane.
I've been happy with the way things have been going lately. \ That's Awesome. Did you change anything lately?
I've just been trying harder with life in general. \ Oh that is awesome. What motivates you?
I bought a jacket the other day which I wanted for ages only to get it and not like it in person \ OH no! Can you return it?
Luckily I can but it's just a bit dissapointing \ Yeah , sometimes stuff looks way better on the model.
Everytime I look at old family photos I get really sentimental. \ It's always nice to look back on old memories
Yes it reminds me of a simpler time with no responsibilites. \ Childhood was a lot easier
My mom is the absolute best. I'm so luck to have her.  \ I agree mothers are great. I appreciate mine as well.
Yeah and she did so much for me when I was younger tooo.  \ They make so many sacrifices for us. I love to spoil mine on Mother's Day.
I kept hearing strange noises come from my basement last night. I haven't been down there since I found the house available to rent real cheap. \ Hmmm yeah I maybe would consider moving out. 
Well tonight I may have to investigate. The problem is the lights don't work and I don't have a flashlight. I hope I don't get spooked. \ Maybe you should have someone go down with you. Safety in numbers?
Our dog is getting older and having issues. \ I am so sorry to hear that. I know what that is like unfortunately.
Thanks. It is hard when they are a part of your family. \ Yes definitely. My thoughts are with you, I hope he still has many years left.
I frequently curl up with a good book to relax. \ Oh, I love to read as well.  Especially during a rain next to a window.
Yes! It can be so peaceful! \ It can! The quiet can be so calming
yes i felt prepare \ When did you feel prepared?
i feel prepare at yesterday \ What were you prepared for?
Someone cut me off in traffic the other day. \ ohh its very seek
I'm not sure what you mean, can you elaborate? \ its very critical situvation
I had this girlfriend who i caught playing me with this other guy right? so i turned her in for warrents and the other guy got the blame from the cops \ wow this sounds like a crazy situation.
it was great... taught her and she was calling me telling me all about him snitching her out...lol \ wow, well I'm glad this all seemed to work out for you!
I changed my sons diaper the other day, when he said he just had to pee. \ thats cool, dont need a diaper rash
Yeah but within five minutes of putting his diaper back on, he unloaded the poo everywhere.   \ thats usually what happens, lol. 
The cop said I will probably never find out who did it.  \ Who did what?
I wont find out who the person was that hit my car while I was sleeping. \ Oh I'm so sorry to hear that. People are so inconsiderate!
I read the best book the other day! \ Awesome! What was the name of the book?
The Notebook.  It made me cry so hard and I was so emotional the rest of the day! \ Didn't they make a movie from that book?
I received a mail yesterday! It was a surprise announcement for me! \ What was the announcement?
It was a promotion to the next level... I'll become a team lead from next month!!!  \ Wow, congratulations! I bet you worked hard for that!
I live in a townhome community right now and my neighbor is moving to a single family home. She's lucky! \ I wish you'll also move soon. anyway I'm happy for your neighbor. 
I am too but also a little envious. I'd like a yard. \ Everyone has their time, yours will come soon
I hear stange noises every time I try to go to sleep in my new noise.  \ You mean new house? Did you find it for sale really cheap?
I did find it for sale really cheap. And they were in a real hurry to sell it.  \ Hmm, perhaps it means something really bad happened there. I would give the Ghostbusters a call.
I get so ticked off when I see people leave their shopping carts in the parking lot. How lazy are these people! \ That is very true! I dono't understand why people doe that!
I want to yell at them and tell them they are inconsiderate. The nerve of it! \ Yeah they deserve it!
I'm taking a trip to New York for the first time!  \ Awesome! Are you going alone?
No, with my boyfriend! I am looking forward to it! \ That's great! Is it for vacation?
My sons teacher isn't very nice to the young kindergartners.  \ Oh no! Why not?!
Not, sure, but she is not very nice at all. \ I would make a complaint to the principal if I were you!
I went to Krispy Kreme recently and got some donuts while the hot light was on. \ I'm not familiar with the hot light term, what does that mean exactly?
It means that they just pulled new fresh donuts out of the oven. I prefer to get them with the hot light. \ Oh that's a neat feature, I'm sure they taste better when they're fresh.
I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. \ It's great to be able to have that trust and bond. Did everything go well?
Yeah the birthday party went really well, glad to have him as a friend. \ That's good to hear, all well that ends well.
I may never know who she was. \ Never know who was?
The women that hit my car and left before the police came. \ Wow that is aweful! 
I cheated on my old girlfriend. I felt so guilty afterwards.  \ On no! Did you ever tell her?
No she found out from one of her friends and broke up with me. \ Do you think she will ever give you a second chance? 
I had to tell my son the other day that our dog wasn't going to be with us anymore. \ That is so sad. I hope it wasn't too hard for him.
Yeah it wasn't easy watching him get so upset about it. \ Losing a pet is tough for everyone. I completely understand the grief.
I am devastated my goldfish died. I cried for two days straight. \ Aww man yeah we get really attached to our pets huh?)
Yeah I found Goldie swimming in a puddle after a rainstorm. I hope she is in a better place now. \ I'm sure she is.  All the fish flakes she can eat.
My cat was just diagnosed with hyperthyroid. \ That is horrible.  What is the treatment for it?
They gave us meds but they're not working.  He still seems happy but he's constantly losing weight.   \ I wish your cat the best.  I know it must be hard
I am going on a long road trip soon and I spent yesterday making sure everything was in order before the trip \ Oh cool, is it for work or fun?
It is for fun.  I made sure the car was checked out before the trip.  I did not want any surprises on the road. \ You sound really well prepared!
I'm on a diet to try and lose weight but I slipped up. I don't know what to do since my wife and I are dieting together.  \ How badly did you slip up? You're allowed cheat days
I ate an entire bucket of ice cream in one sitting. I devoured that thing. \ That's quite a big slip up... I'm not even sure how you'd do that.
I looked back at some old photos the other day, it was nice to look at some old memories. \ Yeah I like looking at my old pictures too!
It was really nice to experience some nostalgia. \ Yeah it is good to think about the good ol' days!
When I heard Anthony Bourdin had taken his own life, I was so shocked and upset. He gave so much pleasure to a lot of people, yet was miserable in his own life. \ I think we never really know what is going on inside people's mind. Celebrities like Anthony and Robin Williams seems to live a good life, but in reality, they are suffering.
It's awful. I really wish far more resources were put toward mental health facilities and counselling in this country! \ I completely agree! I think it would even help lower crime rates.
Most definitely. We actually need these resources to get mentally disturbed people off the streets and get them the help they deserve. \ All around, it would be a good decision for society. Just last night, I was watching Live PD and there was a young man stealing a candy bar. He was a drug addict. I believe if he had the help he needed, he would not have to steal tiny amounts of food.
Near my house, there is an abandoned school that is said to be haunted. When I was a teenager, a group of friends and I decided to go check it out. \ Oh wow, what happened?
When we pulled up, it was very spooky. I didn't even want to get out of the car! A few of my friends tried to get in but it was boarded up. I looked in the window and there was still writing on the chalkboards! \ That would give me the creeps! Has anyone seen anything there?
There are stories about ghosts of children walking through the hallways and that you can hear laughing. We didn't see or hear anything supernatural but it was still scary! \ I bet it was. I've only had one creepy experience - that was in an old house in West Virginia. I'm very careful to avoid those places these days!
I hit the lotto last week and became a millionaire. Now I don't need to work the rest of my life. \ Wow, you must be euphoric!
Yeah life is good. I can't ask for anything else. And to think it was my first lotto ticket ever! \ How lucky!  Don't get crazy though.  invest form the future.
Last week when I arrived at the office there was a puppy on the receptionist desk! \ That's crazy. Where did it come from?
It turn out the receptionist wanted to give it in adoption and but it there for show, it was certainly really crazy to see a puppy standing there! \ Strange the receptionist did that. I bet everyone wanted to pet the puppy!
im looking forward to my wedding  \ That's exciting. When is it?
Well, December 25th \ Christmas day huh? What made you decide that?
I was prepared last time a hurricane was headed our way? \ dont understand you,were you chased by a hurricane?
We get a lot of hurricanes in our area so we were prepared last time we evacuated. \ ok ,so what was the time frame of evacuation?
My new laptop is amazing. I was really excited when I received it.  \ What kind of laptop is it?
It is a Lenovo with a touch screen. My last laptop the screen was cracked and I had been using it like that. \ That sounds nice. I like having a touch screen on my work computer a lot.
I went zip-lining in Thailand once. A nearby tree fell and part of it hit the platform we were on. \ Oh my that sounds so scary! Was everyone ok?
We were all fine. A bit shaken up, but nobody got hurt thank goodness. \ Do you think you will ever zip line again?
I hate being envious, but I've needed a car for months and my friend just bought a new one. \ I know what you mean... but for now maybe you can just car pool around with your friend until you can get one! 
I guess so. It is a really nice car. \ So you can ride in style for free. Sounds fair to me.. until you get yours! :) 
I had to put my dog to sleep and it was super stressing! :(  \ oh no. I'm sorry to hear that.
Thanks, it always sucks when you have to say goodbye.. but shes better off now without pain. Do you have any pets?  \ I don't. My apartment won't allow, but we are moving soon I hope to get a cat.
I am constantly finding plates with food or grease still on them. \ That is annoying!  Is someone in your house not doing there job cleaning after themselves.
No, they think they are but I guess they are lazy and don't use soap on their dishes or will just dust the plate off and put it in the drain! lol \ That is no good.  What are you going to do about it?
My parents paid for all my years in college. It would have cost me a small fortune, so I am forever thankful to them! \ How nice of them. My oldest is paying her own way. I wish I was in a situation that I could help her more.
Yeah, I felt really lucky not having to get student loans! \ I'm sure it was a huge relief not having to worry about loans. I'm still dealing with mine and I graduated in 2008.
Our house burned down and my husband lost his 1969 Camaro. \ oh my goodness that is horrible!
It happened 7 years ago but with the California fire it brings back a rush of emotions. \ I am sure it does.  I am really sorry about all of that.
I hadn't been able to see my grandmother in quite some time b/c she lives so far away \ Oh no. I'm so sorry. Can you video chat with her?
Well I was finally able to go and visit her and the house and visit was exactly as I remembered it as a child.  It gave me such great memories! \ How wonderful. That's what's important and makes life meaningful in my opinion.
I've had my dog for 15 years and he just died. I don't know what I will do without him.  \ This happened to us last spring. Our dog was 8 years old. It can be a very emotional time but it gets better over time. Have you thought about creating a memorial for him? Maybe a photo collage to hang.
I don't know I really haven't even thought about it yet. I'm still dealing with it. \ I know how you feel. Just know that it gets better and try to think about the great life he had because of you and your love!
My hair has always been long and I had been scared to have a short hair cut. Last December, I finally took the plunge and cut off all of my hair. \ Good for you! There is nothing wrong or uncool about short hair.
That's what I have discovered! I get a lot of compliments on it and I feel really good about myself when I go out! \ Great! I'm glad that it worked out well for you!
I am going on a cruise to the Bahamas next month. \ that is great are you on a business journey or Holiday 
It is just for leisure. I can't wait! \ i will be staying at home 
it was not a good experience  \ What happened?
 imagine living in a house alone and in my entire live i have never been alone and now being alone was the thing  \ That sounds very lonely and sad.
im always so happy when its about to be new years , they usually binge watch twilight zone all day, my mom makes bomb food, then i buy fire works for the kids , at midnight we all hug each other thankful for another year \ We watch the twilight zone too on new years. What is bomb food ?
like menudo , posole or tamales i just call it bomb food because everyone loves it lol \ I see. I usually reflect a lot on new years, thinking of the past, and looking to the future.
I'm enjoying a lazy Sunday afternoon. \ nice , just relaxing after a long week that sounds perfect honestly
It's nice, I only wish it would last longer, but we take what we can. \ right it would be awesome to have 3 days off, but this is the real world 
I'm afraid I'm going to do badly in my advanced programming class this semester! \ you need not to be afraid as long as you've prepared very well
Yeah, I hope so! I've been practicing and coding all summer, hope I'm ready for it! \ yes, i believe you are
i can't wait, my wedding day is close and am going to wed my bride. just too excited \ That is great news! I'm sure you are excited! Congratulations to you two!
thanks alot. wow \ I bet you two will have a long and great marriage!
I'm pretty happy with how my shed turned out. It was the first time I built something. \ You make it out of wood or is it one of those aluminum ones?
It's an aluminum one, followed some blue prints and it turned out really well. \ Good for you.  There's nothing quite like the sense of pride assocaited with building something!
I'm really close with my sister, but it turns out she is moving out of state in September. \ Ah, I'm sorry to hear that, is it for work or something else?
Yeah her husband has to move, it just sucks because we hang out pretty often. \ That does suck, well maybe you guys can work something out to see each other every so often.
I have faith my car is going to make it 3 hours away to my parent's house \ I hope so, is your car in bad shape?
Yeah, to put it nicely, it's a junker.  I'm saving for a new car but won't be able to get one for another month. \ Just a month? Not that long to wait, but better be careful in the meantime so you won't be left somewhere far from help.
I have been studying a lot to take the bar test next week. I've also taken several courses to be ready for it. \ Wow, heard that is a tough test, good luck and I'm sure you are prepared.
Yes I think I will do ok, I believe I've done everything I have to \ Good luck, and a future congratulations on killing it!
My sister lost her house due to a fire. \ That's awful. Where's she staying now ?
We are all pretty much in shock and very sad.  She is staying with us. \ I'm glad she's got you to look after her.
I'm just enjoying a peaceful Sunday. \ That sounds so relaxing!
It is very nice. I don't get enough of them. \ I hope you enjoy it!
I recently read a really good bock. It was so inspirining.  \ That's awesome, reading is my favorite past time as well.  What book?
Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. Its such a great book! \ Oh I've read that, That is a really good book, I even enjoyed the movie as well.
I care about my brother a lot but I think he is started to hang out with the wrong type of crowd. \ Maybe you should talk with him about how you feel?
Yeah, I plan on having a talk with him, but he's only 15 so I doubt he will listen to me. \ Well at least you can say you tried. Sometimes teenagers need to figure it out on their own.
I'm trying to make my goals by the end of the year. \ what are you goals that you are planning?
Mostly financial stuff, the hard way, saving money. \ money is the goal that everyone dreams of
I have been awarded with a degree in marketing. \ That's nice, how long did it take you ?
it took 4 years but at last got it \ Fantastic, now do you have a job lined up?
I was disgusted to find out my best friend's husband cheated on her. I feel bad for her. \ That is so, so sad. Are they going to separate or is there a chance that he can change his ways and earn her trust again?
I think there is a good chance they will, they are talking to each other at the moment so who knows what will happen. \ It is very difficult, but I've see marriages recover from that position - but it takes years to build up that trust again properly. I wish them all the best
I remember being on holiday and trying to find a way to watch an F1 race. I caught the beginning of the race in a bar before it closed and saw that my favourite driver had had a puncture and fallen to last place. My mate asked me what the chances were of him winning from that position? I said 1000 to 1. By the time we were back at the hostel, I learned that he had indeed won the race in what many believe was the greatest single event in the sport's history! \ Wow! That is insane, too bad you didn't bet with those kind of odds.
Yeah, for sure! It was one of those nights where we were journey is what's fun rather than what you were aiming to do, if you get me. We went from sports bar to sports bar trying to see who would show the event and by the time we gave up we'd had such a funny night and the race had turned out great! \ That sounds like a great time, one of those nights you always remember!
when i see vomit i almost want to vomit , and in my job there are no janitors so the males on duty need to clean up the mess , and kids vomit in there at least once a week \ Oh gross, you should bail quick if you see a kid getting sick, so that you won't be around to help clean it up.
i would love to do that, but for some reason im always at the wrong place at the wrong time \ I'm sorry, maybe a nose plug would come in handy
My friend asked me to help him move one day, but I was working that day. \ as a matter of fact my friend asked me help him move recently , but i was busy at work too he understood 
Yeah my friend understood, and then changed his whole moving day to a day I had off... \ we cant win them all , but work always comes first 
I baked a beautiful cake for my daughter's birthday. I had to make sure it came out good so took a little piece. \ How'd it taste? And what kind of cake was it?
It was chocolate. Well I kept taking more pieces and next thing I knew half the cake was gone. I felt so guilty I had to make a new cake. \ Well, look at the bright side - you got a cake for the anniversary of you becoming a parent to your daughter, and your daughter still gets cake.  I kinda think everyone wins there!
I didn't know until the other day that kids have different teachers for different subjects starting in 5th grae. \ Yeah the older they get the more teachers they usually get. I think it's good because they get a variety.
That's true.  I was a little startled b/c I don't remember changing classes for things until 7th grade.  Just a reminder that kids grow up so much faster now. \ Yeah schools definitely start things younger now. Kindergarten used to be voluntary back in the day!
Can't wait to go the movies tonight with my family, I love family movie night! \ That sounds really great! What movie are you going to see?
We are going to see Hotel Transylvania, I heard it was a great family movie.  \ It really is! I hope that you have a good time!
My brother stole from me and when I found out about it he didn't even apologize! \ That's pretty scummy, has he always been like that?
No he just recently started being a jerk.  \ You should have a talk with him and let him know how you feel.
I found a fly in my salad at McDonalds. \ No way! that's gross
I was so grossed out. I'm never going back. \ I hope they at least fixed it for you!
I remember when I was little and we would go to the park almost every Sunday.... great memories \ That sounds so fun!
Yes im going to do the same with my kids \ That is great! I'm sure they will enjoy it like you did!
When I lived in California my farmer friend and landlord had me get organized and have all my valuables together in case of a big earthquake. He stockpiled such things as batteries and water. \ I can understand that as I live in Florida and we prepare for hurricanes each year with a plan and emergency rations and supplies.
It feels good to get everything together, doesn't it? You feel as if you're ready for anything! \ Yes, you are correct. You can always "hope" for the best, but also "plan" for the worst. Being prepared is a comfortable feeling.
I refinished the concrete slab before erecting a new screened in lanai. \ Very good. You must be handy around the house - I'm useless! Lanais are wonderful - and necessary in many places!
Yes, I am a bit handy and our old lanai was small and needed an update. I wanted to stain the concrete with an acid wash to be the last time I would need to deal with it. \ Smart move. Wish I could do stuff like that. You should be very proud of yourself :)
Yes, I am kinda proud of it. I watched YouTube videos and used my prior concrete experience and I must say the result was pretty awesome. Totally Happy with it. \ I think you should take the rest of the day of and relax in your new lanai. You can sit and bask in the glory of a job well done!
My baby is due in a couple of months. \ Is this your first?
Yes it is and my coworkers threw me a baby shower at work the other day. I had no idea they were planning it. \ Thats awesome are you having it ?
I got into a huge fight with my girlfriend. \ Uh oh. What happened?
It was over something stupid, but she brought over homemade chocolate covered strawberries today. \ That was a sweet surprise. Is everything okay now?
I got a big math test coming up. I am so worried I will flunk it. \ Don't think that well! As long as you are prepared, you will do great!
Yeah I think I need to study some more. I hate trigonometry so much. \ Ah, yeah, I struggled with that too, but if you try hard enough you will get through it.
I'm excited to try out my new 4-wheeler, haven't rode one in years! \ That sounds like a lot of fun. Do you live in the country?
My friend has a bunch of acres in the country where we go and ride! \ Awesome, you will have a blast. Make sure to stay safe.
I had my first conversation with my two year old the other day. He asked where the cat was and wanted to follow him outside. \ That is adorable! I bet you were proud!
Oh gosh it almost brought a tear to my eye! \ Awww! That's great!
My daughter fell and really hurt her knee. \ Oh no I hope she's ok!?
She is! I had to comfort her. I felt so bad for her  \ Lol pour water on it next time. Always does the trick!
I'm so mad at my son! He's had the entire summer to do his summer reading and he put it off to the last minute! \ I'm not suprised. I always did that as a kid.
School starts tomorrow and he still isn't done. I guess maybe one day he'll learn not to procrastinate!  \ Yeah the only way he will learn is if he figures it out by himself. 
My friend has the best wife. She is funny beautiful and so caring.  \ Awww, that's sweet! He was lucky to find such a great partner!
Yeah I wish she was mine though. I think I love her.  \ Oh no! You can't do that to your friend! You'll find the right single person in time!
I think my family is the perfect size now. \ That's great, how many people?
ME and my three kids. We might get a cat when we move but that's it. \ That's nice, I plan on having 10 kids.
I got caught stealing food once when I was young and broke, traveling on a Greyhound. I felt awful about it. \ I was caught stealing once when I was younger. It was so embarassing, never did it again.
I know, I felt the same, it's not good to do. \ We learn from our mistakes.
I'm so jealous of my friend's new girlfriend. She is perfect in every sense of the word \ The perfect person for you will come soon enough
Hopefully, maybe I need to focus on myself more and let her come naturally. \ Stay positive!
I tried a new restaurant in town and wow, it was so much better than I even expected \ Yum! What type of food was it?
Just burgers and such but it was sooo good \ I love burgers! You're making me hungry!
My son stole some money out of his mom's purse. I was so upset I almost forgot to explain how wrong that was. \ I would be upset too. You need to sit down and talk to him about it
I agree, that's what I did and I will be monitoring to make sure my words sunk in, or to repeat them. \ you're a good parent. Keep up a good work
i'm so proud of my son! He learned a couple of words this week. He now knows how to ay please \ That's wonderful, they say children have a certain gift for picking up languages.
he actually speaks 2 languages. I teach him english and russian \ Wow! That's impressive and a lasting skill for your child to develop.
I'm annoyed with my new neighbors, it seems like they never go to sleep and make so much noise. \ Please call the police,its called noise abuse
That's what I plan on doing tonight if it happens again.  It's so rude of them. \ Thats what you have to put up with with the wrong neighbors
Ive really desired a doctorate ,but my busy schedle would not allow me \ Aw, can't fit any classes into your schedule?
Well, you wont understand, But i was awarded a doctorate by my alumni institution. \ Oh congratulations, you must be smart!
I was beaming when my daughter scored the winning goal for her soccer game. She trains so hard and really deserves the praise. \ Aw, That's awesome.  The training paid off and I bet she feels really proud!
Yeah I have a minivan with bumper stickers boasting of all her accomplishments. I am her #1 fan! \ Haha, I bet, when she becomes a pro you can say you've been her fan since day one!
I'm disappointed in my new car, it has already broken down twice and now it's in the shop! \ I hope you got a warranty on it. New cars should not have issues for a while.
Yeah it's under warranty, but I just hope it doesn't keep doing this, it's a bummer! \ Well perhaps you got a lemon. I would ask for a new car if it happens again.
I've been so sick the last few days and I'm a single mom. \ Oh no! I hope that you are getting better!
Thanks- My boyfriend really stepped up and has been over all weekend taking care of me and my kids. \ That's awesome that you have such a great partner! 
I was thinking about my high school prom and what a great night it was. I was so cool back then. \ Isn't it fun to think of times like that. When you were free of most responsibilites?
Yeah and I had a beautiful date too.  \ What year did you graduate?
So we're a little short on money right now, but luckily we've got parents who want to help us. \ That is great that they are willing and able to help.
Yeah they got us dinner and everything last night.  I think they know it's only temporary. \ I bet that was such a relief for you guys!
My only child just graduated high school. \ Oh wow I bet you were really proud?
Yes I was! And now he is off to college to do great things! \ I'm sure he will! Best of luck to him!
I ordered food almost two hours ago and it's still not here, ugh! \ That's the worst, when they take forever.. Have you called them up?
Yes they said they had some issues but still, I don't want cold food \ Yeah, I understand, they should at least give you a discount!
I'm jealous I didn't the height gene my brother did. I feel so short when I'm around him. \ I feel jealous I didn't get the artistic genes my brother got lol
Haha, I guess we all get jealous of something our brother has.  But I bet they are too of something we have. \ Probably! Makes me feel better now lol
I got a wonderful surprise package the other day from my godmother. I haven't heard from her in years. \ That's really awesome! You are a really lucky person!
I sure am. She sent me a beautiful quilt she knitted herself. I use it all the time! \ That's so awesome. I wish my godmother did that!
My wife is so smart and incredible. She just started medical school! \ That is awesome. I am sure she will do great.
Yeah she is really smart so I know she will do well.  \ And think one day she may be able to save your life haha.
I recently drove back to my hometown and went to the towns fair, it felt so nice reliving my childhood. \ That's awesome, I went to visit my parents and my hometown last month, it is a great feeling.  How was the fair?
It was great, it didn't change much but it still has that 'soul' to it. Just felt great looking at it honestly. \ Brings back all the memories you had as a kid.  I miss going to the state fair, was always fun.
I just ordered food and it came and it's totally the wrong order. Now I have to wait another hour for it! \ Oh i can relate, that happened to me with UberEats a couple days ago. Its so frustrating!
Very! and they refused to give me a discount.  Last time I'll order from there again. \ Yeah its the worst when they don't own up to it, makes me want to use the competitors service just to spite them. Very annoying.
I've been neglecting my friends lately. \ Oh no! At least you noticed now
Yea, I need to make more time for them \ Yes and also explain to them you noticed you were doing it. They'll understand
I can't believe I ate so much pizza last night. I forgot about my diet...... \ How many slices did you ate?
6... that is a lot for me \ That's a lot for anyone, lol
When I went to Disney World for the first time as a child, I had the time of my life! \ I didn't go until I was thirty and it wa still fun!
Anyone at any age can have a blast! \ It is a great experience. Expensive though
MY daughter is gonna go pick up a pizza for us. I am so hungry \ What kind of pizza? Now you're making me hungry!
supreme pizza. It is gonna be great. I wish she would hurry up \ Oh man, I bet that is gonna hit the spot!
When I was in high school, I dated a guy for almost a year. A few weeks before summer, he broke up with me and started seeing another girl. \ You must have been sad and angry.
I was. I would get really mad when I saw them at lunch or after school together. I was my first experience with heart break. \ Yes first heart brake is so hard, I feel for you, something similar happened to me with my first boyfriend.
This morning I was organizing some old boxes and I found pictures of me and my friends during our high school years \ I've done this before! It can be very nostalgic to see old friends that you haven't seen in awhile. Did it bring back any particular memories?
Yes! it broght back many memories about the good times we spent together. \ You could always make a collage with your favorite pictures! 
Have you ever worked so hard, years for one moment that define the rest of your life? \ I sort of have. I worked like crazy to get a work visa for the US, so I could be with the person I wanted to spend my life with. It paid off, so I can kind of understand what you're saying.
Oh really? Where were you coming from? \ Scotland. It's quite a process getting in here, despite what some people try to tell you! What happened with you?
A while back my loud upstairs neighbors went away for a week. My life went from night to day. It just felt as if all was right in my world. \ Did you think about moving after that?
Funny you should mention that - in three weeks time, lol. \ haha are you serious? Did you move in with your girlfriend?
I'm busy doing a lot of work today. \ Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
It's good if I can get it all done. \ Well stay focused and work hard! You got this!
Looks like it's going to be another lonely Sunday. All my room mates went back to their home towns. \ Maybe you could get out and meet some new people.
I should, maybe I'll go down to the local pub, I need to get some fresh air! \ Sounds like a plan.
Seeing an Arcade while on vacation brought back flashbacks to my childhood and how much fun I had there! \ Yeah arcades are pretty sweet. I like that some of them have bars in them now. 
Yeah, I've been to an arcade bar, they are a blast.  Who would of known alcohol makes them more fun. \ I'm not surprised. It also helps me play better!
I am starting a new job tomorrow and I am so nervous. I home that it goes well.  \ Congratulations and I'm sure you will do fine.  Do you think you will enjoy doing it?
I think so, but I never done a job like this before so I hope do well.  \ It'll be a good experience at the very least, good luck!
He felt i would amount to nothing ,all with pride1 \ Who are you talking about?
My ex jilted me for another lady,now im made ,he desperately busy gossiping nothings \ that is sad. why would he gossip! that's so low
my wife and my baby are going overseas for a month and i will be so lonely without them. i couldn;t go with them \ That could be so hard on you
yes, i just need to find something that will keep my mind off of it \ Just keep your mind occupied with other important stuff
On Friday I'm having my daughter, I am so nervous! \ Congrats! Is this your first child?
yes first one \ I think you will do fine! You will be in love at first sight for your!
This was my first time winning a contest on the raido! \ That's awesome! Congratulations!
Thanks! I will get to go free to the Taylor Swift concert tonight!  \ No way! That's actually a super awesome prize! Have fun
My niece won a medal in a race at the track and field competition!! \ Congratulations, she must be a quick one, I was always the slow one at the back of the pack.
Yes! She not only was the fastest at the race she set anew record for her school!! \ Wow, that's impressive, she might get a scholarship one day!
My back has been having sharp random pains throughout the day, it's annoying! \ I imagine, that must be so awful. Have you had that before?
No, just started recently, I have a doctor's appointment next week! \ I hope the doctor can help you get the pain away!
My wife is the best. She is so kind and caring and beautiful. \ Aw, that's sweet, I'm glad you love her so much!
Yeah I would never cheat on her.  \ That's good, no body should ever cheat in my opinion!  At least end the relationship first.
I'm furious, my wife's brother just wrecked our only car, and I'm pretty sure he had been drinking! \ Oh my god. That's aweful!
Yeah, I'm mad at them both, she let him use the car to get more beer! \ Well he sounds really irresponsible. I would make him pay for the damages. 
I'm trying to get rid of house gnats. \ Tell me about it, they have to be in my top 5 things I hate the most.
Yep, they are a real pain in the neck. \ Plus they are so small it's harder to kill them for me. Flies are larger so I have an easier time getting rid of them.
I was doing a morning jog the other day and I ended up stepping in dog poop. \ Uggh, what a buzzkill.
Yea, I will definitely be paying closer attention to my surroundings from now on. \ I'd say that is definitely true for you now.
I bought extra items during school lunch in high school. I have a negative balance on my account. \ Ouch, hopefully its not by much. I remember when i was in high school i had a similar situation. They're usually pretty lenient on it.
I had to take money out of my dad's wallet to cover it. I would have got in so much trouble with my parents for buying candy! It wasn't much but I still felt bad. \ I'm sure your dad wouldn't mind haha, its usually pretty cheap anything i remember they cost like $1.
I had a roommate in my dorm who didn't clean up his dorm room at the end of the semester and the school fined me and the other two roommates $100. I was furious at that guy. \ Did you try to get the money from him? He sounds like a pretty bad person.
Yeah we tried but he cut all communication, he didn't respond to his phone number or anything. I hope he got fined a larger amount so it teaches him a lesson on laziness.  \ I do too! People like that make me never want to have a roommate! 
I was proud when my toddler randomly said 'fries' out loud when he smelled them! Talking has been a process for him as he was born early with some problems. I was so proud that he was able to identify an object with its smell \ Cool. I still get excited when my kids say new words.
How old are your kids? Mine is 2 1/2 \ 3 and 4. The amaze me almost everyday
I don't like it when people in customer service have attitudes. \ Oh I know what you mean! It is even worse when you ask for their manager and the manager gives you a major tude!
Their only job is to service the customer. Why do they make it so hard? I didn't force them to apply for that job. Sheesh. \ Right? They can go get a job as a garbage collector if they want to act that way!
We have built our relationship over the years ,we dont keep secrets \ ok and how does that work
i know my hubby could never cheat on me \ thats awesome but would you?
i broke up with Tracie last night \ Ok ,why would you do that?
something didnt feel right but man, waking up this morning i felt so alone \ Call her back then since you miss her like crazy
My aunt and I clean up/renovate houses, and the one we're working on now was lived by an elderly man with dementia. It has been seriously gross trying to clean! \ No way! That's sad for the man but gross for you
From what I know, the man was real nice, but his dementia had gotten very far. There were silverfish everywhere (in the house he had to live in), and a stack of discarded adult diapers just piled in a corner. \ Wow that is disgusting
Next week I'm finally going on vacation! I feel like it has been forever. \ That's awesome! Where are you vacationing to?
We're heading to the beach for a few days \ I love the beach! I'm sure you'll have a great time there.
Spiders are the creepiest things on the planet. I am so scared of those things.  \ I hate spiders! Especially if you know theres one in the room where you are sleeping!
Oh great! Now I won't be able to sleep tonight! \ Haha sorry, I've been in that position and chose to sleep on the couch because of it!
I'm so grateful for my wife, I honestly don't know where I would be if I didn't have her pushing me in my career. \ That's really great that you have such a great partner like her!
Yeah, I would probably be a lazy bum without her. \ I would be the same without my wife too!
My father in law was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer over 18 years ago now. \ Aw, dang, sounds like he is battling it very well though!
No, he did pass away about 9 months after the diagnosis.  I tried to help care for him, but we had to call hospice in eventually.  There are some angels that work for hospice. \ Ouch, I'm very sorry for your loss! You did your best, and I'm sure he is in heaven now looking over you!
I'm anxious to meet my wife's ex-husband. Hopefully it will be civil and not awkward! \ I can definitely understand how you would be worried about that.  I think I'd have to decline - LOL!  You are a good person for being willing to meet with him.
Yeah, there is a kid in the picture so we have to meet at some point! I wish I could decline, haha. \ Well, yes if there is a child involved, then you've got to deal with him at some point.  I hope it goes well for you though.
I found a cat in my attic yesterday! \ Oh wow! I hope that it was ok!
My husband is allergic to cats to, I'm not sure how it got there. We had to call animal control to get it out safely! \ Oh no. That sounds really stressful!
I love star wars. I can't see the next movie that comes out next year! \ I've never watched a single full star wars movie, just bits and pieces haha
You definitely should watch them. They are awesome! \ Thanks, I will look into it! Maybe get caught up before the new movie comes out!
For my birthday I wasn't expecting anything since it landed on a Tuesday, but when I got home my mom had planned a surprise party for me! \ You must have been surprised! Were you happy about it?
Yes I was very happy. Specially since I hadnt seen some friends in a whil \ Sounds great!  What a good idea your mom had!
I was travelling last week and when I arrived home I realized I has left the milk in the milk in the counter! \ No way! That must have smelled so bad
Yes awful, it made me so nauseous I almost throw up! \ I can imagine eww
So i recently traveled to Cuba to see some friends and we went to a bar until 3 AM, and as we were walking back there were these 3 guys hiding in the shadows. We got so scared we started running but thankfully they didn't follow. \ Oh wow. That's pretty scary. I would be horrified.
Yeah it was quite an experience, my friends said those are usually drunk people who stay up the whole night talking with people. But they looked like they wanted to do more than talk! \ Well, at least they didn't follow you. How is Cuba? My parents are from there but I've never been.
I was extremely emotional when my dog passed away \ Aww man sorry for your loss, those are the worst, its like losing your best friend. I hope he passed away peacefully and happy.
It was actually rather tragic, but I'll spare you the details. He had a good life though. He was my dad's son lol \ Aww shoot, I lost a dog when i was little in a very tragic way as well. I miss that big guy, he was like a brother to me. Hope you're doing good now, he's in a good place.
I feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, I was doing so good with my diet! \ It's okay! A cheat weekend every now and then can be well deserved when on a diet! Start right now eating healthy again! You can do it!
Thanks, Yeah I'm dedicated to jump back on the wagon, I already have a healthy meal planned for this evening! \ That's awesome! Good luck with your diet!
I raised 6 chickens since they were babies. I was trying to let them free range but I forgot to put them back in their coop for the night. A predator was able to get to them. \ Oh no! That's sad, did he get them all?
Yes, it did! I think it was a dog that always gets out of our neighbor's yard. \ Aw, that's too bad, hopefully next time they will be safe in the coop!
My wife is due next month with our first kid! I feel prepared in becoming a responsible father! \ Congratulation!  It is really smart to be as prepared as possible!  This baby will change your world!
That's what everyone has been telling me and I bet it will.  I will think twice about all of my actions to make sure I'm responsible. \ That is good.  It will make you quite happy.  I couldn't imagine life without my kid now!
I just got a new car and was trying to look cool in it the other day! I miss-judged the curb and totally scratched the rims up in front of people. It was quite embarrassing. \ Ouch! That's the worst, are they pretty damaged?
Yeah, not my proudest moment! \ Oh well, shake it off and keep flaunting that nice car! :)
My best friend's long-term relationship ended abruptly a while back, just after her father passed. I'm so full of admiration for her - instead of turning to drink or becoming crazy-depressed, she pulled herself together and made a new, exciting life her new reality. \ That is very unusual. She should be proud of herself.
Yes, she should. She joined a community garden and helps out there, she got a part time job and took up badminton - not something she'd ever done before! \ Wow, I wish more would follow her example. That's a recovery.
I'm pleased with how much work I've gotten done today. \ Good for you! It's always so satisfying to look back and see how much you've achieved.
Yes, I'm usually too tired by the time I'm finished though and just fall asleep....ha. \ Nothing wrong with sleep - along with food it's what keeps us going! How many hours do you work?
So i had this friend he wasn't great at a Multiplayer game i used to play with him. \ What game was it? Did you give him tips?
Yeah, like i did my best for him to get better. But then i gave up on playing with him for a month. \ Was he upset with you for it?
I just found out that my husband has been spending time with his old girlfriend. \ Oh snap! That is not a good thing to hear about.
No, it's not. I don't know what I'm going to do but I sure am angry at him. \ Well probably should confront him and if he's lying get rid of him.
I just got Hulu Live. It's been amazing to watch TV again! \ I haven't watched actual TV in sooo long. What do you watch on Hulu?
I love to watch Home shows on HGTV and Bachelor in Paridise on ABC. Hulu live has been a great value for the price! \ That's real neat, I might check it out. I've only ever used Netflix, but Netflix is pretty good too.
My wife is baking us lunch and I can smell it's aaalmost ready. I'm soo hungry it's hard to think anymore. \ Yum, what is she cooking?
It's like an Eggplant Parmesan? It tastes a lot better than it sounds, I'd really recommend it. But my wife is vegetarian so we're always struggling to find things we both enjoy eating. \ Yum that sounds delicious! I'm a vegetarian as well, I will have to look into the recipe for that!
Have you ever dealt with someone being really really sick?  A few years back, my husband was diagnosed with meningitis.  He had to be quarantined and we all had to take medication. \ Oh wow. No I've never had to deal with that before. I hope your husband is ok!
He is fine now, but it was a tough few weeks.  Our church really rallyed around us, helping out with food and the kids, etc.. \ That's awesome that you had such a great support network to help you. 
I kicked a pigeon that was on sidewalk as I was walking by. \ Umm..did you MEAN to kick it?
No it was an accident so I felt a little bad, but I also hate those things. \ They are kinda like rats with wings.
Today while walking on the street I passed a dog that seemed to be lost but I didn't stop to help him find his owner. \ Aw, poor fellow, well I'm sure he was close to his home.
I hope so, I don't feel good about myself  not helping him but I was in a hurry. \ There's always next time, forgive yourself and help the next pupper you see!
I'm really bummed out today, I had to get rid of my dog because I had to move across the country. \ Oh you must be so sad, I know I would be if that had happened to me.
Yeah, very, but I found a good home but I'm going to miss him a lot! \ That is great! I have a dog that I adopted in similar circumstances. 
can you imagine being in front of a judge who will sentence you to prison \ Oh god no, my heart would be racing. Were you scared?
 I was terrified, almost poop my pants in the courtroom \ Damn, i can't imagine ever going through that. I hope it was something minor and didn't affect you too much.
its nothing now i did 5 yrs but i am over it...lol \ Wow that intense, we all make mistakes though hope youre doing better!
I was looking through old clothes that i was giving away and found $40 in one of the back pockets. Made me very happy lol \ wow, so what are you going to do with it?
Oh i just put it into a little piggy bank i have, trying to get to $220 to cop some yeezys that are coming out in october. Hope i get a pair! \ nice, i hope that works out for you... good luck
I'm excited to have next week off from work. I'll have lots of time to relax and get things done! \ Sounds great! Yes relaxing time is always needed and appreciated.
Yeah! and it's been a while to just kick back and not worry about work! \ Hope you enjoy your week off! Sounds like you earned it :)
My husband ran over a cat this morning on accident, I'm so upset. \ Aw, I bet he feels horrible about it.  Poor kitty!
Yes, we had to call animal control to retreive the body! I hope it wasn't someone pet. \ Aw, that's always sad, I lost a cat once and I assume that's what happened to her ;(
I'm not sure if you live in an area with much traffic, but here in Atlanta it's an every day thing.  I was just sitting on the interstate the other day due to a wreck in front of us and I'd been there already for around 30 minutes. \ I take the bus so I don't have to deal with the traffic, but man that sounds like it would really stink
It does, but I guess I'm also kinda used to it.  But I'm sitting there, just minding my own business, and this guy decides he's more important than anyone else.  And he flies up the emergency lane beside me, completely blocking any emergency vehicles that may need to use it. \ Wow he sounds like jerk!
I really like looking through old pictures. Its so nice to look back on the past.  \ I used to enjoy doing that with my grandmother, she'd tell me all about when my dad was little.  I love old stories like that.
Yeah me too. I'm a historian so I love thinking about the past.  \ What an interesting field - my husband would love to say that was his profession!
Oh great. There was a big spider in my room, so I went to get something to scoop him up with (or flatten, I hadn't decided between the two yet). I come back and he's disappeared.  \ oh oh, so now you don't know where your enemy is hiding.  Sounds scary.
It's scary and annoying because now I have to systematically check every inch of my room because I'm definitely not sleeping here with that big ol spider somewhere in my room! \ How annoying, but would be wise imagine it jumping on you while you sleep.
I just ordered a really nice chair online it should arrive tomorrow, \ What kind of chair is it? A lounging chair, or maybe  a computer desk chair?
it is more like a chaise-lounge and I think it will look great in my living room.  I can't wait for it to arrive! \ Oooh, that'll be really good. It aught to be really comfortable too.
I'm impressed with how well our pool is coming a long, it should be ready by next summer! \ Sweet!, must be a really big pool if you have to wait until next summer. 
Well it'll be done by the end of fall, we just won't be able to swim then. :( \ Oh yeah, gets too cold. I've always wanted one of those concrete pools. I'm stuck with an above ground one for now until i get enough money for one. 
I was watching youtube and saw this guy eat a jellyfish straight out of the ocean. Looked like the most disgusting thing someone could eat. \ That is gross, I can't even imagine what that would taste like!
He said it had the texture of hard rubber and tasted of pure algae and just dead stuff. He even ate another one that he pan-fried and it was all green and moldy. \ That's so gross, I would take a hard pass on eating that. I like seafood but that's too much.
I'm disappointed with how my garden is turning out, everything is either dying or being eaten by rabbits. \ So what would you do to halt that?
My husband is going to build a fence around it and I'm going to take better care and study more about the plants. \ Thats thoughtful!\
He promised to give me the said sum of money, on reaching there,i learnt he had travelled  \ That's not good, do you think he will pay you?
Well, i needed the money urgently! \ You can take out a loan, but good luck, I hope you get it!
One day I went to school with a stain on my pants and I didn't realize it. I didn't find it until I came home.  \ And no one told you about it?  Maybe no one noticed it at all?
No they noticed. Everyone was laughing at me but I didn't know why.  \ That is horrible!  I hope they realize that their reaction was not exactly nice.
I found out yesterday that my dad had a stroke last month! \ Oh my! I hope is ok!
He's fine, almost fully recovered thanks to some quick thinking doctors.  But I'm upset that no one told me until just now. \ Yeah that is a really suckying thing to do to you. 
I have this brother-in-law, my sister-in-law's husband. I feel like he buys video games whenever he wants. \ So how does he afford such luxury?
He stopped at one child. \ Ok ,he shouldn't have stopped! Other kids deserves it too
I'm more than assured of success \ \ How so?
I had worked hard for the forth coming exams \ Hard work usually pays off. Which exams are you taking?
One of my friends jumped from the roof of his house to the pool and somehow made it, it was like 10+ feet of distance, really amazing stuff. \ Omg, Thankfully he wasn't hurt. 
Yeah i was really nervous that he was gonna get hurt since he likes to do stupid dares. It was quite the experience. \ Did yall happen to get it on video? 
My older brother is getting married Friday. \ Congrats!, I'm sure you must be very happy!
I am very happy for him! I thought it was never going to happen! \ Haha brotherly love, I hope him and the lucky gal have a wonderful life together!
My grandma is really sick in the hospital. I am optimistic that she will pull through though.  \ I hope she recovers soon. I know it is hard to see loved ones sick.
Yeah it is really hard, but the doctors say she will pull through.  \ That is good to hear. I am sure she will be fine.
I got a good job, a nice house, a lovely dog, and great food. Life is awesome. I am so happy. \ Good for you! You are a lucky person!
Yeah I can't complain. Guess everything has gone right for me! \ That's great! I'm a bit jealous.
Having a kid can be one of the most happy moments in a person's life. I cannot express how much happiness my daughter has brought to us since she was born. \ thats amazing i cant wait to have my own one day
It can be hard but it's one of the best experiences that I have had in life. \ i bet so!
im nervous for the new week to begin \ Is there something that is making you nervous about the upcoming week?
very busy and lots of traveling \ That can be stressful. I am sure that every thing with go smoothly for you! Just remember that the weekend is only 5 days away! 
I spent 10 minutes looking for my car keys while my friends waited outside and they were in my pockets the whole time. My friends made sure i never forgot that moment haha \ We all do stuff like that. At least you didn't lock them inside your car. Done that before!
Oh thankfully i've never had to go through that yet. That one would really suck! \ Yeah nothing like calling the locksmith and admitting you are not very bright. Haha.
I was hoping my favorite show would get renewed. I just found out it was cancelled. I'm so upset. \ Yeah i've been through that feeling before, I had a show that was going to get cancelled but thankfully it got saved by another company. What show was yours?
Colony on USA. It was just getting good this season. I hate it when they do that! \ Oh i've heard of that show, never got around to seeing it though. That sucks!
I have a really good life. I have everything I could want including a house, wife, and a dog.  \ That's really great. I'm happy for you.
Yeah it's a pretty great life.  \ Congratulations, it sounds like you've really made it. I envy you.
I really wish I had been able to finish that project yesterday. \ I'm sorry to hear that you couldn't finish it! What couldn't you finish?
It was a project for work. I was going to get a bonus if I met yesterday's deadline. I could really kick myself about not being able to finish on time. \ Hey you are being too hard on yourself. I'm sure your boss would prefer it done well and not rushed. 
I never realized it as a kid, but... that scene in Bambi, with the mother, it really is sad! \ Yes! I always cried when I watched it as a child.
The cold, harsh snows of winter blowing around him, the unresponsiveness as he prods and cries at his mother... so sad! \ Yes! My kids cried too 
I told her I had to work because I didn't want to go see a movie tonight. \ Did you not want to go out, or did you just not like the movie?
I was tired and wanted to get in bed early, \ Just be careful with that. If you feel tired due to stress, it may be the stress talking and not you.
I've never been a big roller coaster fan.  I don't know if  you like them or not, but they scare me. \ Oh I love the thrill of a good roller coaster.
Well, someone I was conned into getting on one and before I knew it, I was strapped in and could not get off.  I literally felt my heart stop. \ It's definitely not for everyone. You either love them or you don't.
I couldn't imagine losing all 3 of my kids in a fire. \ That would be horrific.  Do you know someone that this happened to?
Yes, I heard about it. Such a sad story. \ That is just horrible.  I think they would have to medicate me for the rest of my life if that happendd.
My friends threw an unexpected birthday party for me. I thought they'd forgotten.. \ That is nice of your friend. I hope you enjoyed it.
I did! It was a very nice gesture. \ You can return the favor one day. That is what friends are for!
I miss my childhood dog so much. We had such fun adventures together. Those were the best days. \ I could imagine. Dogs are amazing.
Yeah, he always slept with me and woke me up in the morning with his licks. At least I have my memories. \ Definitely. Hold on to those.
Had my finals last week, studied really hard for them. Felt so nice walking into that room so confident and calm \ Great, when will you know your scores?
Thankfully i knew them right at the spot, i got a 98! \ Wow, that's fantastic.
I've always been a loyal member of my family. \ Thats great, family comes first over everything!
I totally agree. It's the only important thing sometimes. \ Yep, they're always there for you no matter what
Hey, have you ever been in a car wreck? \ I've been in a fender bender not a total wreck.
I was in one about 2 years ago. No one was hurt, but it totaled both of our cars. \ Man, how was your insurance policy for that?
I was so excited to see the new Star Wars movies but the really are a bit a of a let down \ Awe! Really I was planning on seeing it this weekend. 
Yeah don't. They really aren't that great.  \ Really? What was the main disappointment? 
He doesn;t seem to see the issue. \ Who doesn't?
My husband doesn't see flirting with girls a problem.  \ What a jerk! That is definitely a problem!
My parents are flying all the way from Alaska to come see me next week! I haven't seen them in a very long time. \ Thats nice,hope you will host them well?
I am! We timed it so that my roommate moves out right before they come to visit, so they have their own room to stay in. \ Uhmmnn! never knew you had room mates
We are waiting on military orders right now, I'm so hoping they come through next week. \ Do you have any idea where you will go? Is it accompanied?
Yes, we know where we are going just haven't gotten the official orders. \ Well I hope they get there soon so you don't have to wait longer.
I'm nervous about an upcoming trip. \ Where are you going?
Chicago, that's why I'm nervous. it's been dangerous there lately. \ What type of trip are you planning?
I studied all week for my math finals and only scraped a 68 on it. \ That's a real bummer. Do you at least pass the class?
Yeah, passed with a 75, not what i wanted but at least i passed \ Well at least you don't have to take it again. Could have been worse.
I feel so dumb. I walked around all day with my fly unzipped. I bet so many people noticed. \ Oh don't stress it, i've done that so many times. It happens
Well I usually am more careful. Maybe I should start checking my pants more often. \ Yeah, or buy pants without zippers. But don't stress it, i'm sure whoever saw it didn't really mind!
I get so tired of hearing about people being mean to animals. \ I'm with you on this one.  What is up with people these days, I just don't understand how they could do that.
Right, these poor animals have no clue why people are mean to them. Some people are heartless. \ I think there should be stiffer penalties for people that do things like that, for instance more jail time.
We are leaving for Hawaii in the morning! \ Oh that sounds exciting. I've always wanted to go.
I've never left the continental US, nor have I ever flown so this is very exciting for me. \ I've flown but not much and never left the country either. I hope y'all have fun :)
i dropped my groceries in the parking lot \ Oh no, how awful for you! I hope people helped you to pick them up (and didn't help themselves!).
i grabbed the cans that rolled away, lol \ Glad you find humor in it! I dropped a bottle of water once, which rolled under the car. I was livid!
For some reason I've been thinking of our family Christmases back when I was a kid. I so enjoyed decorating the tree, helping my Mom with preparing lunch. And of course, eating Christmas lunch! Fun times. \ i had a similar experience, i miss it too
It's nice to think back, tho' and relive the old days. We have our own traditions now, but the good old days will always remain just that! \ i totally agree
I like going to country craft shows. Makes me feel old fashioned. \ There's some decent benefits to doing things the old way. 
Yes, I tend to think so too. \ Got anything specific you like to be traditional about?
It's tough being picky. \ Yes, I'm a picky eater.
You ever have the situation where somebody buys doughnuts for your group, and somebody else eats the last one of the only flavor you like? \ Yes, I hate that. I usually end up going back and getting some more just for me.
My car didn't have really functional air conditioning forever, and it was suffering. We finally had it fixed and now when I sit in it, it feels soooooo good, I'm so glad we had it done. \ Thats awesome, i cant imagine not having AC in this hot florida weather!
I visited a friend in florida not too long ago. It's so HOT, but it's also so humid too. You get all sweaty but all that does is insulate the heat, aagh. \ Yeah the heat isn't as bad but mix it with humidity and you've got the worst possible combination. Its terrible!
One of my roommates left without cleaning his room and the school charged me and my roommates 100$ each \ That's extremely frustrating! What were they expecting you to do? It's not your fault your roommate left it trashed.
Yeah thats what we told them but they showed us the paper saying that its one of the rules. We were so furious at that guy, worst thing is he never responded to our calls or texts. Really immature and selfish of him. \ Well, I guess the good news is that he no longer lives with you. But that blows, how hard is it to clean up after yourself before you leave?
A restaurant that I wanted to eat at had "call ahead seating" where you can call and get placed on a waiting list. I called ahead and was told we would have a table in 10 minutes. When we arrived 10 minutes later, our table was not ready! \ That is so annoying. They should not call it that if they can't guarantee 10 minutes.
That's what I told the hostess. There was no point in calling ahead if we still have to wait 45 minutes for a table. \ Hopefully the food was at least worth the wait. I would have been annoyed as well.
I was so shocked when my great grandpa visited the other day. He never leaves his house. \ That sounds like such a surprise. Does he have a disability that keeps him at home?
He is just aging and it is hard for him to move around. We had a great visit! \ That's great to hear! My papa is getting older too. It's nice to be able to spend time with him.
We are headed for a big vacation in Florida next summer for our daughter's graduation trip. \ Oh awesome, what part of Florida?
Clearwater/Tampa area.  We are planning on going to Busch Gardens, Sea World, and a few other animal related places.  That's her passion, so we tried to plan things that centered around that. \ Oh that sounds really fun and I bet she will love it all. I'm jealous :)
Do you know anyone who spends a ton on eating out every week? It's crazy to me how much they spend. \ I know that when just the 4 people in my family do go out, it runs us about $65.  So we do it very rarely, it wastes a lot of money.
Yes, exactly. A friend was telling me they spent almost $300 a week on eating out. I don't even spend that much on groceries.  \ A week!?  That is just crazy, and pretty irresponsible unless you are a millionaire.
I really though a was going to get hired for a  job after I had this great interview, but they called to tell me they had hired someone else. \ wow ,try next time!
Yes sure, but it was such I nice job, and I thought I had nailed it. \ well, thats how fate would have it
Poor service delivery by an airline staff really pissed me \ I'm sorry to hear that.  What happened?
I missed my flight and simply pleaded with her to change to the next available ,she just snubbed me \ I know how frustrating it can be when we receive so an awful service.  They should train people to do a better job.
When I was 15 my dog died. I'd had her since I was 4 years old. Practically my whole life at that point. \ That is so sad. I know how it feels to lose a pet.
Yeah, I think I cried for a whole week. What kind of pet did you lose. \ I lost a goldfish once. She was my best friend.
I absolutely can't wait for my kids to go back to school tomorrow. They have been driving me crazy all summer! \ Bet you'll be glad to have some free time on your hands at last.
Yes, I can finally catch up on Netflix and get the house clean. Can't wait! \ lol - yeah I can relate. Kids can be a real handful when they don't have structure - as in during the summer months.
The world would be a cleaner place if not for children. \ Why do you say that?
Because inevitably, three seconds after you get done cleaning the house, they strike. \ Okay now I understand... COMPLETELY! I deal with that daily! I am ready to give up on ever cleaning again.
I have decided to move my son to a new daycare that is closer to home. \ That sounds rather convenient. Are you giving up anything for that?
I am just really hoping that it's the right choice. He is leaving the only friends that he has known so far. \ If it's too traumatic for him, you can always try to put him back.
I was walking home from my friend's house, and it was pretty late. Really dark. I manage to walk all the way to the front of my apartment, but then I see a figure in my peripheral vision, behind me. \ Oh my goodness! What did you do? I bet your heart was racing!
I was terrified, and I let out a noise that I'm not really proud of, ha. Anyways I turn around and it was just my shadow from the light of my apartment lamp. I felt preeetty dumb. \ hahaha that sounds about how I would have reacted! I once saw my shadow on the blinds in my living room. I sat there frozen thinking someone was outside. Then, I moved and the shadow did too!
We had a new puppy. He loved to chew on everything. I went to the grocery store and when I got back home, the puppy had pulled the cushions off of the couch. He had chewed through the bottom!! \ Oh god! I haven't had a puppy in a long time, but you forget all the things in your house that are not puppy-proof. They find ways to make messes in the most creative ways.
They do! I'm really glad that that stage didn't last too long in him. I just hated having to buy an entire new living room suite! Puppies are expensive. \ Yeah, that's a real headache. I'd want to say they're worth it, but on that day I wouldn't be so sure, haha.
I was going through old pictures the other day of when my daughter was little, it was pretty neat reliving some of those days. \ Thats awesome, i dont have kids yet but i was also looking through some old school photos of me and my friends. Such innocent times.
She's 18 now and will graduate this year, time sure does fly. \ Yes it does, I wish her the best! early adulthood is the best time!
I accidentally dropped my phone at the screen started to glitch out and didn't want to turn on anymore. I was scared because it was a brand new phone. Thankfully after a while of it just sitting there it turned back on normally. \ That is a huge blessing, I don't know about you but my life is pretty much keyed into my phone.
Same here, they're so incredibly important in this day and age. \ It's almost a shame how much we depend on them, but I know I'd be lost without mine.
Television is so different these days. \ I agree and it's full of commercials no one wants to see.
True, but I'm talking about the ability to binge-watch an entire series in the course of a week. Do you know I've only started watching Game of Thrones two years ago? \ Oh yes, I know what you are saying. I've never been into GOT but I've heard it's good. 
We are moving soon and I'm so ready to go. \ Where to?
Texas, there's so much to do there so I'm happy for the change.  \ I spent some time there, when I was learning how to be an Army Medic. I really enjoyed my time there!
I was worried because the weather man said a hurricane was coming. So we got everything ready just in case. \ It's better to be safe than sorry. You can't overprepare.
So true. Luckily it didn't get as bad as they thought so we didn't have to evauate. \ I am glad you didn't get hit. I know how stressful hurricanes can be.
Someone hit my car in the parking lot and didn't even leave a note. I was so livid there is a big scrape on my door. \ I would be so mad. I can't believe people can do that and sleep at night
Yeah I really was ticked off. I hope karma catches up with them one day. \ I hope so too. That is just not right. They could have left a note at least.
I am moving hundreds of miles away from my friends and family to start a new life with my husband. \ wow! love birds,how nice,so where exactly are you headed?
Headed to Mystic, CT for his job. I am not at all excited about leaving my friends and family. I hope it won't be as bad as I feel that it will be. \ Well,it would be a whole new experience for you
I ordered a pizza but the waitress served me a burger \ How annoying! Did she fix it fast?
she just yelled aloud when i demanded it be corrected \ That would be frustrating. Did it get corrected? Did you still have to pay?
My dad had a stroke about a month ago and we've been waiting to see if he would recover 100%. \ im sorry thats awful, i hope he makes a full recovery
It appears that he will, but this waiting is pretty intense. \ i can only imagine!
i am bothered by my neighbors loud power tools next door \ Do they run them all day long - or at night?
during the morning and day on the weekends! \ Is there any kind of noise ordinance in your area?  I know in ours unless they are still running them at 11pm, there is nothing the police will/can do about it unfortunately - but I can imagine how annoying it is.
I just applied for a higher paying position within my company. \ That's cool, what is the position?
Its for a supervisor position. I really wish that I would get the position, I've been working so hard towards it. \ Don't wish, demonstrate. Do something that reflects what type of supervisor you're going to be. People love previews.
Doesn't it always seem like there's a new reboot of something sprouting up wherever you look? \ Give me an example?
Hmm. Superman, Spiderman. Voltron. Batman! \ I get it. It does seem like they are always coming out with another version.
I planned a picnic with a friend and it rained. \ Oh, that's too bad. Perhaps have the picnic indoors? It wouldn't be the same, but at least you could share food and have a laugh!
We had to cancel. I was upset that it ruined our plans. \ I can imagine. That's the problem with planning outside events - we can't dictate the weather. You should try planning something outdoors in Scotland, where I'm from - soggy food every time!!
My cousin contacted me the other day via Facebook messenger. She had my twin aunts with her, one of whom I hadn't seen in over five years. It was such a delight to see them and chat with them! \ I bet! I hope you were able to catch up!
Oh yes, and then some! They both looked so well and had lots to say. What a laugh we had. I'm so fortunate to have such a wonderful family! \ You are very lucky!
We were told that he had colorectal cancer!  \ Who has cancer? Someone you know?
My husband was diagnosed with this type of cancer. I really needed to talk to you about it. \ Well I am no cancer expert. Probably should get a second opinion from a doctor.
I hears some very strange noises coming from under my bed last night. I am too scared to look. Could be the bogeyman. \ LoL....no sweetie, I'm sure it's your dog again. Didn't the same thing happen last month?
I don't have a dog and I just moved in the house yesterday. It was listed at 50% off and came with appliances. Maybe there was a reason for it. \ Oh sorry about that I thought you had a dog. Well then maybe the noise the some type of critter. Have you checked under the bed today?
My girls had to take biology last year - they dissected a frog. \ I remember that. A lot of people were grossed out and didn't want to do it. Were your girls one of them?
No, but I was.  I couldn't stay and help out, I had to leave.  It was very gross and it smelled horribly! \ Yea, it tends to be kinda gross. My teacher had us dissect fish as well and I prefere that much more for some reason
I told my best friend one of my deepest darkest secrets \ I sure hope they are trustworthy.
They are! I trust them completely \ It is so good to have someone that is trustworthy no matter what you tell them.  I'm glad you have a friend like that.
My best friends invited me to a camping trip but I was a little anxious about the whole thing. \ I don't blame  you because I hate camping.
Really? I was just really scared of getting bitten by a tick. I ended up enjoying the trip in the end! \ Oh I hate ticks and all the bugs.
My cat has been battling cancer for a couple months and has had 2 surgeries. \ I'm so sorry to hear that, my girlfriend's cat is going through the same thing right now. It can't be easy.
I think next week we will have to put her down. \ That's so sad... The best thing you can do is spend lots of time with her and make every minute count. I wish you all the best.
What does it take to not ever have someone in one's life \ Usually people want someone in their life. I guess that takes staying away from others.
I think maybe their lifestyle make them not to have space for others \ Some people prefer to be alone. Whatever makes them happy I suppose.
I was so shocked when I saw my dog walk by wearing my underwear! Turns out he was playing in the laundry basket and got tangled in my drawers. \ I would laugh so hard if that was me seeing my dog do that
It was great. I took a picture and showed my friend. He laughed so hard. \ I hope you can share it on social media so that the whole world can share in the fun :)
I sometimes worry about the future and what would happen to the world with global warming and all this political turmoil. \ i do too, its a shame
I' am specially worried about future generations and what kind of world they will inherit. \ i am too, i hope we can make a change before it is too late
i was blown away by how great my friends were this weekend \ What happened?
they were very supportive and kind , helping me with some moving things \ You are lucky to have such great friends!
I'm really glad it's Sunday. Sundays are the one day I have off, and they're just lazy and slow and I'm lazy (and slow, ha) so it's my favorite time of the week. \ Lucky for you! I'm at work right now! Haha!
Oh, sorry! Didn't mean to gloat, hang in there buddy. \ No, its fine! Enjoy your day off, I definitely would if I were you!
I was in a car accident one time.  \ Oh, that's awful. Were you okay, or did you have to go to the hospital?
I was okay, just shook up.  I could see the other car coming at me before the impact. \ That sounds terrifying! I've never been in a car accident, and sure wouldn't like to be in one.
Have you everr been in a fist fight with anyone? \ Yes, Several times in my life. Mostly me and my older brother when we were younger.
I got in a fist fight with my step father once. It wasn't a fun experience as you can imagine. \ What started the fist fight in the first place?
Went out with my friends last night after not seeing each other for a year. I was in another country for work and just got back. \ Oh, I bet that was fun and interesting visiting another country too.
Yea. It was nice learning about the culture there, and people were really nice. \ I like to try different types of food from other places too. Then try to make them later on.
I think I found someone that's interested in my house finally . It's been on the market for over a year now.  \ That can be stressful. I hope you get the sale. What will you do afterwards?
I will move to a less rural area. It's very isolated and you have to have a vehicle for transportation. \ Do you prefer the isolation?
Hi, I went to a park and I set on a bench. I didn't notice that my wallet felt. A man came to me from behind giving me back my wallet. \ Thats a sweet man, I hope you acknowledged his kind gesture. 
Yes, I did. I was so grateful because I have a lot of money in my wallet. \ Their aren't that many well rounded people in the world these days so when you see one you should always show appreciation! 
People get rejected all the time but it shouldn't be an excuse to let it dissuade you from reaching your goals. \ What happened?
Got rejected from a place I wanted to work, not once but three times  \ I am sorry to hear that. I hope you find a better opportunity. Did you know why they rejected you?
My dog has to have her teeth cleaned on Wednesday and I am really nervous b/c she got super sick last time afterwards  \ That's strange, I hope she makes it out ok this time though.
She is super tiny and they said with small dogs the stress of the procedure will give them stomach issues sometimes.  I wouldnt even do it except she has an abcess \ Oh wow, I would never consider something like that hurting a dog.
We drove by our old house today. \ oh wow did it bring back memories?
Oh yeah, we talked for quite a while about all the fun memories! \ That is so fun!  Memories are always a wonderful thing to have
Looks like I have 2 million things to be thankful for \ Well it is good to be thankful. We have to remember all the little things.
Good wife, good job, good kids, good cars the list goes on and on \ It is good to appreciate what we have, not opine for what we don't have.
I couldn't believe it when my kid started taking his first steps the other day. It was unexpected because he had not even come close before. \ I hope you got it on camera, I would if i was in your shoeas
I did get it on camera. I can't wait to show him when he is older. \ Nice, buddy he will thank you for it when he grows up
A few weeks ago I was drinking with some friends at a park and I sliced my hand open while trying to rip a beer can in two. \ oh that sucks, i hope it has healed since then
It has! The cut was so deep and I was bleeding so much I was scared of passing out from blood loss. \ ouch, that sounds awful
i was shocked how nice the weather was this morning \ How come? Have you had awful weather lately?
not really but it was just especially nice this morning \ Oh I see. Beautiful weather is an excellent start to the day!
My little boy has come far with his speech and I am so proud of him. \ Awww good for him! 
He's been getting speech therapy since he was 1. \ I'm glad he's getting better with his speech and I hope he continues to improve!
The other day I was driving somewhere unfamiliar and I got lost. \ I hate when that happens. I'm so bad with directions.
It was pretty scary. The GPS on my phone stopped working and I felt panicked. \ What did you end up doing?
I stopped at a gas station and asked for directions. Thankfully someone friendly was willing to help! \ I depend so heavily on my GPS, i don't know what i would have done
My brother finally went to college! \ Oh that's great news. I bet he is having lots of fun.
I'm sure. He finally figured out what he wants to do and went for it \ That's great. Some people can go through college and still don't know what they want to do.
I decided to move to be with my boyfriend. \ Oh? Big decision. I hope you feel good about it!
I did, but I had to leave all my family behind \ Aw, but they'll always be there for you when you visit. You have to do what you want to in life, after all
i just got back from a buffet and ate 16 oysters , plus 4 different mixed plates , i feel a sense of accomplishment  \ That's a ton of oysters! I don't think I've even ever eaten one oyster. What's a mixed plate? 
the oysters are a little slimy but still good with lime and tabasco , and one the mixed plates i put in like crabs, craw fish rice noodles just a bunch of mixed foods \ Hmm it's funny how seasonings and spices really alter the viability of a food. Was the buffet all seafood?
I've worked as a programmer for the last 7 years and this year's review was finally all positive! \ That is awesome to hear , i bet the pays good too 
Hmm ya I make more than my parents which is all I ever really asked out of life though sadly less than I would make in a bigger town. \ if your happy there i would stay if not seek the better pay in a different town 
I felt so dumb when I realized the shirt I was wearing was inside-out. I bet so many people noticed. \ Oh man that had to be embarrassing.  I know how you feel though b/c I once went to work with two different shoes on
I usually pay better attention to my clothing. I must have been really distracted that morning. \ Well it will probably never happen again so don't worry about it to much
Recently my grandma passed away.  she lived pretty far from us most of our lives but at the end she had Alzheimer and so we moved her down to be near us \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope she passed peacefully.
Yes, it seemed so.  I really had fun reconnecting with her as an adult, so it was really hard when she passed. \ I am sure she appreciated your visit before her passing. She must have felt loved.
We broke down and couldn't get help for several hours as we were out of cell range. Good thing I had packed extra food and water. \ That was a really smart call on your part! Were you worried?
I was very worried but we were lucky eventually and someone stopped and helped and we went on with our vacation. \ Well, it was a very smart thing you did packing those extra supplies.
My grandfather passed away over a year ago, and I was looking at some of the older photos I have of him and I as a kid. \ I'm so sorry. I know that must be very difficult for you. It's nice that you have pictures to look at and remember old times together.
I have a very bad memory, so you're right. The pictures really help me remember times I really enjoyed with my grandfather when I was young. \ Pictures are a great way to remember the past. I treasure every picture. Each holds a special memory.
im mad at my neighbor today \ Oh that sucks! What did your neighbor do to get you angry?
he was using powertools loud in the morning \ How inconsiderate. People should have more common sense than your neighbor.
Last Christmas, I saved up a lot of money and was able to buy my family and girlfriend really nice gifts. \ thats awesome, i always loved giving gifts more than receiving them
Me too! The act of giving makes me feel so warm and happy. \ me too!
I felt guilty yesterday because I yelled at my kids.. \ We all do it. I bet they deserved it.
They were being loud and obnoxious and not listening. \ They sound like my kids. I hope they start behaving better for you.
I was so upset when my dog chewed up the model airplane I was building. He thought it was a toy. Now I got to get a new one. \ Dogs can be so destructive.
I don't blame him but I was pretty upset because I spent so much time working on it. I will keep him out of my room this time. \ Poor thing had no clue why you were mad
I've always wanted a surpirse party!! Were you happy that they surprised you in this way? \ It was so much fun. But the best part was that I suspected nothing.
I got accepted into my first choice university \ How exciting for you. Were you surprised?
Kind of. I didn't really expect to get in since the uni require amazing grades to get in and mine aren't the best \ Sounds like it will be a lot of hard work to attend such a school but well worth it in the end.
My buddy asked if we could go camping soon, and I haven't been able to go for quite a while. \ Ok ,so are you gonna go?
Yeah, luckily my wife is cool and offered to take of everything while I went out for a couple days! \ thats nice
i failed ajob test 3 times due to inadequate information \ Dang three times?  I hope you get that figured out!
yes,i just found out that i need to research more on the company's profile \ Yeah get that right.  Make sure you don't fail it four times!
The teacher I had for Calculus 2 last semester was so terrible at his job, I had to learn it all on my own. \ I hate when I get teachers that are clueless. Makes you wonder how they got the job.
Same here. Surprisingly, I was able to pass the course and I felt so good about myself! \ Well done. You should feel proud for teaching yourself.
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw my dog give birth to puppies. I had no idea she was even pregnant! \ How shocking! I have got to know, are you keeping the puppies or giving them up for adoption?
I am giving them up after they are weaned. We have enough pets as it is. Also getting my mutt spayed! \ Good idea. I hope they aren't too much of a handful until then!
I took a bus trip to Philadelphia today. The bus was totally gross. There was sticky stuff on the floors and there was a horrible smell too. \ Oh that sounds horrible. I hope it wasn't a long ride on the bus. 
It was about 4 hours lots of time to enjoy it. \ Oh no, that is a long time to be sitting in trash basically.
I've been so busy packing, packing and more packing.  \ That sounds pretty stressful. Are you moving soon?
Yes, don't know exactly when but I hate being rushed so I've been doing what I can. \ That makes sense. I hate leaving things for the last second as well. Hopefully you won't have to leave everything boxed up for too long.
i felt happy this morning because it was sunny and warm \ That's always a great start to a day.
absolutely, i was overjoyed \ How are you celebrating it?
It is amazing how some of the patients I see at work can have such horrible teeth!! \ i bet so. its a shame when people dont take care of their teeth
Apparently, you can use it to determine somebody's overall health. \ i wouldnt doubt it!
I am horrible at cooking, but I recently tried out a new recipe. \ I have found that using alot of online recipes with good instructions helps. Cannabis also induces hunger and reduced adhd thus it helps me pay better attention, even more so when I'm hungry af! 
That is awesome! I was shocked to find my recipe came out pretty good! \ yes I always pay attention to the reviews and peoples personal comments, they can often be priceless!
Man sometimes I find myself at work just being frustrated over the fact that I know there is work available but I can't grasp it because pople aren't playing fair. you ever had that issues? \ Not that I can think of. Can you give me an example?
I can like for instance someone using an automated system when they claim to be selling items as "hand made" \ Oh, I see what you mean. That's frustrating!
I have a big exam coming up tomorrow. \ Oh wow. What's the exam on?
It's on PC Architecture. I'm feeling pretty good about it though. I studied really hard all week. \ That's really great. I am sure you will do well on the test.
I have my final math exam tomorrow. \ Did you at least study for it?
I did! I feel like I am going to crush it. \ That is the best feeling!
On my way back from a funeral, my friends and I almost got into a deadly car crash. \ Oh no, what happened?
I think the other driver was falling asleep on the road. Out of nowhere, he moved onto the wrong lane directly towards us. \ Well that is really lucky you were able to avoid that. Hopefully he didn't hurt anyone else.
I was so happy that after many years in retail I found a better job. \ Congratulations! Retail really does suck.
Yeah it does. It really made me dislike people a lot. \ Understandably. My girlfriend is a student and works in retail part-time. She says the same thing.
Part of my job is to clean up the bathrooms at the end of the night. Usually it's not so bad, but last night someone stuck so much toilet paper inside of the toilet that it overflowed EVERYWHERE. \ Oh wow, that really sucks. Did you ever find the culprit?
I didn't. But wow was it gross! I almost wanted to quit on the spot. \ Yeah, I would've definitely quit once I saw that.
My dog pooped on the rug last night. \ I hate when they do that! Were you able to clean the rug?
Yes, but I was so angry at the little runt! \ I bet! Time to get him trained a little better.
My buddy just rented a moving truck over 30 feet long. \ Wow that is huge. He must have a lot of stuff to haul.
Yeah.  I was surprise at how well he could maneuver that thing around though! \ As long as he remembers to make wide turns. Otherwise bad things happen haha.
Whenever I hear tapping on my window at night I think it is a ghost. I have such a wild imagination. \ Has it ever been a ghost?
Not yet. But I am convinced I will get visited by one soon. \ Yeah fears like that are pretty unconsolable.
My son said his first word today. \ That's so awesome! What did he say?
She said "Adolf Hitler". I was so impressed! \ Oh my. What a strange first word.
Do you ever hear an album and it brings you back to when you first listened to it? \ Oh, all the time. What album is that for you?
