Not really, i just look at the clock and wait for the time to come and when they dont arrive in time i start getting anxious \ Yeah, waiting for someone can be a real pain. 
the house is very quiet now that she's been gone for four days visiting with her family \ why did she go visiting?
because she hasn't seen them in almost 2 years. Misses them \ really? so she would have travelled with him
i worked for two months and expected nothing, but i wasn't disturbed, i had passion for what i was doing \ I wonder what was the work you were doing so passionately?
Making clothes for a company  \ That's interesting. You must be very talented
I love dogs very much they are always great companions  \ I also love dogs.
I got a puppy not to long ago and love him with all my heart \ Puppy's are the best. I love puppies!
My cat broke her leg not too long ago and had to have surgery one it  \ how much did you pay for the surgery?
I was lucky cause I know my vet personally so I only paid 175 usd I was so scared for her \ uhmnnn! scared of your cat or the vet?
I'm so happy, My jalapeno plants are producing so many peppers. \ That's great news! Congrats! My garden is not doing great this year. Do you grow anything else?
I grow a few other things. Green beans, tomatoes, cucumber, melons, and a few other things  \ Yum. I wish I had a green thumb. 
there was a shooting in a gas station near me i was really devastated \ Holy hell, that must have been scary! Did you see it happen?
im not sure but there was 2 victims i was devastated \ I'm sorry to hear that. I really hope you are able to get over this and feel at ease again!
I saw the announcement for fallout 76 last month and was shocked and sad to see it wasnt an rpg singleplayer game. \ Really,i missed that. tell me more!
Its a multiplayer online survival building game which sounds cool but isnt what I hoped for. \ I see you enjoy gambling.
I feel down in front of my students during games. \ Oh really? thats sad, why is that?
I tripped over and fell down,and the students laughed at me. \ oof that sounds quite embarrassing, hopefully it doesnt keep you down too long
I was sad when my dog died \ I'm so sorry!  That can be a devastating time. I have been there before.  How long did you have your dog?
I had him for 10 years. It's just so hard because he was my whole world \ I completely understand.  Something that helped me was to have pictures up and also have a little remembrance each year with some other family that loved him as much as I did.  Just take it a day at a time.
i couldnt believe how beautiful the weather was when i woke up today \ That's awesome, It is very hot where I live, so I am jealous!
it has been really hot here too \ Well I'm glad you get to enjoy some nice weather for a change!
What was the opportunity? \ He said that he had a house that needed to be flipped, but he couldn't afford the renovations.  He would split the money with me when it sold if I would fund the renovation.  It was supposed to be $200,000 to split, but guess what?  He left town and I have no idea where he is.
Did you put money on the reno? \ Yup, I gave him $100,000 up front.
I am so lonely because I am all by myself \ Aw, I'm sorry, well I'm here to talk to you! 
I appreciate that. It's just tough because I go daily without talking to anyone. It's nice to talk to someone \ I feel you.  I've been in that position, and it can get dark.  But there's always people online to talk to!
I'm really happy I get to see some friends when I go back to school next week. \ That's great! Are you excited about school too?
Yeah, I'll be a junior, so I'll be having to really focus and study to get good grades. \ Ohh wow! Well good luck and I hope you have a great time with your friends and school
My family and I were finally getting to go on vacation for the first time in 5 years, but we had to cancel because we all got horribly sick. \ Wow, that is horrible, what did you guys come down with?
It was a cold and cough that turned into bronchitis for a couple of us and walking pneumonia for one of my kids.  Now school starts so we can't reschedule. \ Wow, I hope you guys get better if you already haven't.  That's really a bummer to miss out on a family vacation!
I'm so grateful I have a working car to get around and run errands now! \ That's wonderful!  I know how important that can be!  Our family of 4 only has one car so you need it to work!  What happened to yours?
My radiator broke down and it was going to cost more to repair it than what the car was worth.  So I got a good deal on a new used one! \ Awesome!  I know, isn't that crazy how much repairs can cost?  Its ridiculous.  Well, happy travels!
I can not wait until Saturday. \ Oh yeah? What's happening on Saturday?
It will be my wife and I's 5 year anniversary \ Congratulations! I hope you have something fun planned to celebrate.
It usually takes me so long to pick out a new book to read, but I really like the one I've started. \ What is it about?
It's set in Revolutionary America. It's a good story; I'm really happy I chose it. \ The sounds very interesting, I am sure you could find others like it as well
i was really jelous when i say my  neighboor had a new 2018 Bmw convertible \ That car is quite expensive, I wish I could afford one too.
yeah it is i wish i could have a car like that \ Work hard and maybe you could afford it.
I ran a red light this morning \ Did you do it on pourpuse? and if so did you feel bad after?
I was late to work so I needed to do anything I could. I felt terrible after the face because I could of caused an accident \ but it was an accident on your part so dont feel so bad about it
I am sad that my friends dont visit me \ That's sad, why don't you go visit them?
I don't have a car and they live far away \ That's a bummer, hopefully you can still talk to them over the  phone or online!
I found a long grey hair in my sand witch this afternoon when I went out to lunch. \ Was it yours?
No, that's what makes it so gross.  Must have been a workers. \ Eww. Im sorry about that. That would have ruined my lunch quickly
I have been with my car insurance company for 30 years. \ They must be a very good insurance company to be able to keep your business for that lnog!
They are alright, but I really like my agent.  We're good friends from the way back. \ Well that's always a plus. Having a good relationship with the company or someone at the company can go a long way.
A friend of mine entered a pie eating contest with no prior experience and won second place! I was so surprised he was able to do so good. \ That is amazing.  Most of those guys have been training for years for that level of eating.  What kind of pies were they?
It was a strawberry pie. And yeah, I think he may have a natural talent for this! I told him that he should start taking it seriously and training for it. \ He really should.  Some of those folks make really good money just to eat a lot.  Pretty sweet gig! hahaha.
Do you ever feel afraid? \ A lot of the time. I'm quite an easily frightened person! Especially by large animals!
Yeah. I'm more scared of failing I guess \ Have you always had a fear of falling?
In the middle of the station, on my new suit, a seagull threw up on me! \ That sounds horrible. You must've been mad.
I was! I had to travel all the way home with a huge mess on me! \ Where was this?
My radiator broke down in my car that I rely heavily on.  \ Oh no! Sorry to hear that. Can you get it fixed?
I can but they said it will cost at least 2000 dollars for it to be replaced.  Might have to buy a new used car! \ Wow that's expensive! I hope you can find a reasonable used car.
I just started this new book about the American Revolution. It's not something I usually read about, so I hope it's good. \ That's cool, I'm not too familiar with it myself.  Is it pretty interesting so far?
So far it is. I really think it's going to be a great book. \ It's always nice to get lost in a good book.  One of my favorite hobbies.
My computer's motherboard wasn't running properly so I did a little quick fix. I'd really like it to keep running for another month or two until I can afford a new one. \ Oh no!  That is always terrible when technology stops working well.  What did you do to fix it?
I had to solder it in a few different spaces. So far so good! I'm keeping my fingers crossed that it'll run a bit longer. \ That's awesome!  You are talented! Maybe it'll go for another year so you can save.
I am having my first baby; a boy. I hear all these different labor stories that aren't exactly reassuring!  \ Congratulations! If it helps at all, my wife and I have two young boys and both of her deliveries with very smooth! She said it wasn't as bad as she expected.
Aw, that's so neat. I would love two boys!  I am having a boy!  Oh good, that's another good story for me to hold onto.  I'm not expecting it to be amazing or anything but wow, so many people say they almost died and things.  \ I think those types of situations are rather rare! The medical field has come a very long way. I'm sure you'll be fine and it'll all be worth it in the end.
I work with a commercial bank,the place was burgled my criminals ,i was the one on duty that fateful day \ im glad you were not harmed
but i really dont know what could happen next as i was being accused since i was the one on duty .Im the  security officer in charge \ im sorry, im sure it wasnt your fault
i was shocked at how bright and sunny it is today \ where exactly are you cos it rained all through in my area?
midwest \ ok im at the south east
I am disgusted that my food didn't come out the way I wanted it \ that is not good, what was wrong with your food?
It was burnt and not appealing \ did you ask for a refund when you realized the problem?
when i was young i hit a car on the parking lot and did not say anything' \ Why didn't you say anything?
i did not see any marks on the other car and was running late \ Well then I dont blame you. I would have done the same thing
My website that I designed is turning out great. I'm pretty content with my design. \ That's great! I love to design websites
I just started learning last month and I love it as well.  \ That's neat! I learned in college so I've had time to delve into it quite a bit and it is very fun. You choose great!
My dog went to the bathroom all over my new carpet and now I have to get it cleaned! \ That's no good!  Sorry about the rug. is she still a puppy?
Yes she is. And very, very un-potty trained. I have some major work to do with her \ I'm sure she'll learn quickly, and she'll be a good dog then!
Last week in the middle of the night, someone drove off the road and took out a large section of my fence around my yard. \ ohh wow! That's not cool
They didn't stick around or anything and it's going to be pretty expensive to have it all replaced. \ I wish people would take responsibilities for their own actions
My sister is so caring, she took care of me when I was sick \ That's very nice of her, family is one of the best things we have in this world.
That is so true. I am so very thankful \ As you should be, some people don't have anyone to lean on in their lives.
i dropped my grocery bag in the parking lot and it spilled everywhere \ Oh man! Hopefully nothing broke! 
nope but i did have to chase down a few cans that rolled away lol \ At least it sounds like you recovered everything! 
I heard this god awful howling the other night at like 2am right outside my window  \ that sounds spooky
It was! I was so scared to be honest with you! The worst part is that I don't own a dog either \ oh no i hope you stay safe
i had a lot of good time at disneyland ,never worry about what to eat or drink \ Disneyland is awesome, I went there twice as a kid!  What did you have to eat?
well, it was not about the eating but the fun i enjoyed as a kid. \ That's true, it's like a whole different world when you are inside the park! Very magical.
I'm looking forward to going on my vacation next week to the Bahamas. \ so do you hope to do there?
Just relax and take my mind off work.  We will be staying at an all-inclusive beach resort! \ can i join you?
I was surprised when my mom bought me a car \ Nice! That's a very nice surprise.  What kind of car?
Its a ford mustang \ Wow, she went all out, hope you drive safely and have fun with it!
Really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since I've been on a plane! \ Where are you headed?
To the bahamas for vacation, so it's not all that bad.  Just the plane ride! \ Wow! Well I hope you enjoy yourself and pray before you go on the plane
My wife passed away about a year ago, now I have no family in my life. \ Im sorry to hear that. How did she die?
She was in a car accident. \ Oh wow! That stinks. How are you holding up?
I am very ashamed in my family \ I am really sorry to hear that.  Why are you ashamed?
Because they never invite me to go places, and they never call me \ That is really too bad.  Did you all have a fight?
I can't believe someone half my age got promoted instead of me! \ Well,it can happen like that atimes
Have you ever missed out on a promotion? \ Yes,it really hurts
Like getting my report ready  \ What's your report on?
On financial analysis \ Where subject are you studying?
My sister just lost her baby at 18 weeks along. We are all grieving and I'm trying to support her in any way I can. Being a mother myself, I feel so depressed and sad for her. \ I'm so sorry to hear that! My sister went through something similar last year and I can tell you that it will help a lot to spend time with her as often as you can.
It seems to be happening a lot because my best friend had a miscarriage too about a month ago.  I will definitely keep trying to be with her and bring her meals and clean.  I cannot shake the sadness either so I have to force myself to be positive around her. \ Stay strong! Hopefully in the future she can have a healthy baby and be able to move on from this tragedy.
My wife went on a business trip for two weeks. At first I thought it'd be awesome to have the house to myself, but I'm starting to miss her now. \ Aw, that's never fun.  My husband used to travel all the time for work and it was so lonely.  I'm glad she won't be gone too long.  I took advantage of the times he was gone to clean and organize and fix things to surprise him when he returned.
Yeah, this first week was pretty productive, actually. I fixed a few things around the house and then just relaxed. But now the fun is over and my emotions are getting to me. But hey, not long left to wait! \ Wow, you're on top of things! Being apart does make the heart grow fonder. :) Make (or carry out) her a romantic dinner when she gets back. Go out with a friend while she's gone!
I'm pretty bummed how my cake turned out, I had high hopes for it \ Did you do everything right?
I thought I followed the instructions correctly, but turned out a lot different what it was suppose to.  Oh well \ Well that stinks. That happens though. Sometimes you do something right and it doesn't show the same result as its supposed to 
I am disgusted because of my friends pulling pranks on me \ That's not nice of them, are they meaning to be rude?
I dont know. They have been my friends for so long but these pranks are just making me mad \ You should let them know you aren't ok with them doing that.  If they are real friends, they will stop.
I was afraid when I got out of the movie theater \ How come? what happened?
I was watching a horror film and then I had to walk home alone in the dark \ Ohhhh.  Yea I would be scared too then.  That sounds terrifying.
I hardly got any sleep last night and it was no fun at all. \ Why didn't you sleep well?
My wife had a nightmare and woke me up screaming.  After that I couldnt go back to sleep and she scared me pretty good \ I am sorry. You should get some sleep now then
I was really looking forward to going away this weekend with my boyfriend, but we had to cancel the trip. \ Oh no, why'd you have to cancel?
Work stuff. It's just so disappointing. I was really looking forward to it.  \ Maybe you can plan for another time?
Someone paid off my student loans for me? I'm shocked! \ Holy cow! That's amazing! Congrats!
Yes, it's going to help me out so much! \ That's really amazing. How generous.
Almost every night, something keeps dumping over my big trash can outdoors. I keep watching for animals but the way its propped up on a board, I don't see how an animal can do it. \ I HATE when that happens. In my case it was a dog, I caught him on camera! Maybe you should invest in a security cam?
I was thinking of that because having to clean up the mess every time is ridiculous! I've already tried repellents but only natural ones since I don't like spraying chemicals.  I will have to price out some cameras. \ I hear if you sprinkle red pepper all over your trash area it can help ward off some animals.
My son knew that he wasn't suppose to bring drinks near my computer, and he didn't listen! Now he spilled water all over my gaming computer and it won't turn on. \ Oh no!  That would've made me so mad.  I let my kids use my computer too but always say, no drinks by it and wash your hands.  Kids always seem to forget that. 
I'm not so sure if it's forgetting or just wanting to be contrary, honestly! Maybe I'm just being a little negative because of how mad I am. People do make mistakes, but that computer cost me and arm and leg to build! \ It is a hard balance because they need to learn and it should make you mad, but people do make mistakes.  So hard to know how to act really but things are too expensive to not treat them well.  I hope you're able to find an easier way to fix it.
I am very faithful that my family will make it home in time \ That's good, where are they?
They are in Cuba \ Wow, did they go there on vacation?
I was supposed to go to Busch Gardens last weekend. \ Did you not go?
It was raining and we had to cancel. \ That stinks. You should go this weekend?
I totally forgot my brother's wife name the other night at dinner, I was pretty embarrassed. \ Oh no! I'm really bad about that, too. Did you ask someone or try to play it off?
I just waited until someone said her name, so I succeeded!  \ Nice. That's a good way to do it.
I really wanted to take a weekend trip with my husband and my mom offered to watch my daughter. So grateful! \ Mom of the year award! That's awesome, where are you going?
We're going on a quick road trip, but yeah. My mom is the best. I appreciate her so much. \ That sounds fun, hope you guys drive safe and have fun!
I am terrified that my wife is going to leave me \ Why would she leave you?
Because she is talking to other men behind my back \ oh no, i'm so sorry to hear that. I know your heart is broken. Did you try to talk to her about it?
I don't really like the thrillers and action movies but equalizer 2 was really great! I just watched it \ I haven't seen it yet! How good was it?
It was REALLY good! I didn't expect it to be that deep. I don't wanna spoil it :) \ I dont blame you. I am looking forward to seeing it now
I am sad that I won't get to see the movie I want to see \ What movie did you want to see?
I wanted to see the First Purge \ Why won't you be able to watch it?
My work team is the best! \ Why do you say that?
We worked hard on a project. Once we finished and showed it to the boss they all loved it! \ Great job! I bet the boss was really proud of you
I get to go home in 30 minutes! \ Yay!  I love the end of the work day!  What are you going to do when you get home?
I'm going to sit on the couch and drink a beer. \ What a perfect way to end the day!  I'm going to make a big chinese stir fry and watch tv.  Have a great night!
I planned a vacation with a friend who got severely sick right beforehand so I had to go without her. Its been fun so far but quiet and there's no one to have fun with. \ That sucks but, i'm glad you're enjoying your self still.
yeah, guess I'm getting to relax more and I did decide to go out tomorrow night to meet some people. We'll see how it goes. \ I think thats a good idea. Look at it as an opportunity to make new friends.
I was not happy when the car pissed on my new rug. \ Oh no. can you wash it?
Yes but I can never get the smell out. \ That is worrying, you might have to throw it out?
I have just won the lottery! \ Congratulations. How much did you win?
about 10 billion dollars, I cant wait to tell everyone and the internet and the world! \ That's a lot of money. Can I have some of that?
Pretty laid back day at my house, got all my errands ran and now I'm just chilling. \ That's good, are you going out later?
Yeah, my wife and I might be going out to dinner and a movie, so it's going to turn out to be a good day! \ That's awesome, hope you both have fun.
My last relationship, I never cheated on my partner. \ That is good, did they cheat  on you?
Yea they did actually 😒 \ Ouch, that always hurts.  I've been through that, and know that sting.  Hope you find a better partner who cares for you!
I paid off my car, it's a momentous occasion! \ I look forward to the day where I can say the same! That must feel liberating!
It really is, I did it early too! \ Wow, you must be very financially responsible! I'm sure that'll help you do well in life. I'm practicing myself.
My family keeps saying I should buy a new vehicle, but I'm just fine with my old 1995 pickup truck! \ I wouldn't want another car payment
Exactly! And as long as my good old truck keeps running, I'm not buying another vehicle. He gets me where I need to go. \ That's all you need.
I just loaned a close friend 400 dollars, I trust that'll he'll pay me back next week. \ what if he doesn't pay?
That thought hasn't crossed my mind, we've been friends for over 20 years. \ well ,you need to consider the option of him not repaying too
i met my closest pal of my childhood days\ \ That awesome! Did you guys have a good time and catch up?
sure we truly did.This was like 25 years ago \ Thats good to hear, always nice to see friends from your past!
I'm jealous of my friend's new house. For his age, it's really nice! \ how old is he or she?
He's 25, and the house is at least 250k! \ he must be a great achiever
I worked so hard for my forthcoming exams \ Good job, you should do well on them if you're prepared!
yes , i hope for the best and forget about the wworst! \ That's the mindset you need, good luck, I'm sure you will get A's!
I have a performance evaluation at work coming up soon, but I'm not very worried at all. \ Good luck, are you pretty confident you're going to do well?
Yup, I bust my butt at work and make sure I always do my work right! I'm expecting a raise soon. \ Yay! That's what makes all the hard work worth it. Congratulations! 
I'm really pumped to get my new treadmill and get to exercising \ Treadmills are great! I find that they're better your knees than running outside.
Yeah, and I'm not quite ready for running outside.  I'm really motivated though to get back in shape! \ That's awesome to hear! We only get one body, we need to take care of it. Good luck!
I'm so happy to have my son in my life, he has taught me a lot about life in general. \ That's so amazing. It's an incredible thing to be a parent!
Right, so many hidden appreciations you learn! \ I wouldn't change it for the world
I can't get my money under control and I am so angry with myself. \ Do you have a lot of debt?  I'm sure you will figure it out and get back on your feet.
I do and it's weighing on me so much. \ I have a lot of student loan debt as well, I just focus on making sure I pay monthly.  I try not to think of how much I owe
I have a big presentation tomorrow at work. I have prepared a lot for it and feel more than ready to hit it out of the park! \ well,i wish you sucess
Thanks, but I really don't need well wishes!  I know I will ace it! \ you need my friend,its just like a success spell
She jilted me! \ Who did?  What happened? Are you OK?
my ex girl friend left me for a rich dude.She said i was still a struggling man \ Wow!  That's horrible!  Don't feel bad though.  She is obviously just a gold digger.  You most likely just dodged a bullet!
I hate when I let my emotions get the best of me.  Even when I have no reason to \ Did something specific happen?
I was out at a bar this weekend and I saw my ex girlfriend with another guy.  It was still weird seeing her with someone else even though we arent toghether anymore and I shouldnt care \ I think that can affect even the best of us, I wouldn't let it get you down.
I love being able to help my mom out when she isn't feeling well. \ Thats really sweet of you to help her out.
Yeah, it's the least I can do. She literally wiped my butt once upon a time. \ haha, yea thats a good way to look at it.  I never thought of it like that
i'm feeling mixed emotions about not having children \ Are you scared you may want to in the future and it would be too late?
i feellike it's already too late \ It is never too late!  You can always adopt!
I will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! I have never felt more ready for a job than I do right now! \ my cousin and my aunt are both teachers and they love it
I do as well, or at least I think I will!  Regardless, I will teach the mess out of those kids! \ haha. it's alot of work but it's rewarding
Wow, my friend just reminded me of such a bad childhood memory.   \ oh no. what was it?
When i was younger I had a sleepover party and when I was asleep I wet the bed.  When I woke up everyone was pointing and laughing at me.  It was such a bad experience for a kid. \ that can be so traumatizing. i'm so sorry.
i might be taking a trip to see my family within the month or within the next 4 months \ Its always so exciting to take a trip or vacation.  but its even more exciting to see family
sometimes. i look forward to seeing them. then when i get there i remember why i live 800 miles away. \ Haha, yea thats how I feel about my In laws.  Im glad they are a 4 hour plane ride away
I was thankful I went on mission trips in high school. \ Oh that sounds cool, where to?
Vermont, Denver, Baltimore, and Prince Edward Island. \ Sounds like a lot of fun, I kinda wish I got to do those too back in high school.
I was really confident one time that I was not the one that lost my mom's glasses to the point that we argued about it all day, but then I remembered that I knew exactly where they were... \ Where were they?
They were in my bedside cabinet for some reason haha. \ I'm glad you found them.
That sounds like a wonderful time at any point in life! \ what sounds like a wonderful time?
When playing a new fighting game it reminded me of my childhood and playing games with my brothers and friends from school. What a wonderful time of my life. \ That does sound like a lot of fun.  I miss hanging out with all of my firends
I am so mad right now! \ why are you so mad?
I dropped my phone and the whole screen shattered.  The phone cost a lot of money.  It shouldnt break like that.  Now i have to pay to get it fixed. Its ridiculous \ Yes my friend experienced the same thing recently. It is a terrible thing especially when they make you pay to repair it.
I was in a work meeting the other day and one of my coworkers was was able to recite from memory a whole lot of legal policy and verbiage. I was floored by how much he had retained from studying!  \ Oh wow yeah that is quite impressive! He should become a lawyer if he isn't one already!
I was thinking that he must have some kind of photographic memory!  I could never have remembered all that stuff! \ Yeah, I have heard some people have that! Sometimes after just reading a bunch of information just once can remember every single word!
I was with my uncle the other day and he wanted to watch a Discovery TV show I wasn't familiar with so I said okay. It was Dirty Jobs. It was so gross, you couldn't pay me enough to do those jobs! \ Haha!  I know exactly what you are talking about!  I love that show and yes, it is quite gross!  You must have felt quite disgusted!
I sure was! The images scroll through my head in like nightmares! Ahhhhh! \ Ooo!  Yuck!  I hope you don't get nightmares from it!
I dont think I can ever go back to that same store after what I witnessed the other day \ oh no. what happened?
I was shopping and had to use the bathroom, but when I went in, someone had had an accident.  It was a mess and smelled horrible.  It was so gross and i thought i was going to be sick \ oh goodness. where you able to make it out of there without getting sick or dirty?
i hope i can get things worked out and get pregnant by the end of the year \ That can be a lot of work.  We are trying to go through that now too, so i know how you are feeling
my husband and i have been trying for 6 years with no luck. i want us to be able to have a baby more than anything else in the world. \ My thoughts and prayers are with you guys.  I hope you succeed.  Make sure you keep practicing
i felt bad when i cut someone off in traffic this morning \ He accused me of stealing from him
who did \ Sorry, that was an error! Any way over to your conversation.Who did you cut off that made you feel bad?
He simply accused me of stealing from him,weve been friends for like 10 years now \ that is awful, why did he do that
dont know why \ did you tell him the truth?
I once went on a cruise excursion on Jet skis in the bahamas. I was unaware that we were going to go to a part of the area that sharks nest and frequent, and going to be close to so many sharks! The tour guide was helpful and knew what he was doing, but geez I felt like my life was in his hands! \ I can imagine that was very scary! I don't know if I would be that brave!
Well it was not like we knew before we headed that way, so we stopped and the guy was like okay now were going to have a look at some sharks, heres what to do and heres what not to do, and if you dont listen to me, you signed a waiver so... lol \ I guess it was a lifetime opportunity too. I'm sure it was an amazing experience!
We just got back from the beach two weeks ago. It was such a lovely vacation. We loved relaxing on the beach and just taking it easy. \ Oh yeah that sounds very relaxing! I hope it was good weather for you all! 
It was very nice. There was a day or two of rain, but mostly perfect weather! \ That's great! Im glad you had a good time, its always nice to have a refresher to get away from everything for a little bit!
Sometimes I just feel like I am living all by myself :( \ Why do you feel that way
My wife is an ICU nurse who works night shift.  So i am usually home alone  \ That does sound hard
I was worried driving home tonight. People were swerving all over \ Uhoh. be careful, there are some bad drivers out there.  Especially with people playing on their phones while driving
I tried, it was scary at times \ Ive actually called the police during a situation like that.  I was worried someone was going to get killed
I was shocked when my brother invited me for lunch. I had not seen him all week \ Do you guys not get together as much? 
No, he works a lot \ I know that feeling, I have a brother I don't see as much as I used to.
I had a dog who always made me feel better after a long day. She was very loving. \ Dogs are the best
My friend rescued from a shelter but had to giver her up. I offered to take her and I'm so glad I did. \ That was very nice of you
im envious of everyone who is outside enjoying the sun right now \ Yea I hear ya. Im stuck here at work for another day too.
same here, but the weekend will be fun \ I just hope it doesnt rain this weekend.
I was visiting my parents over the holiday. One night I decided to drive in front of our old home I grew up in. It still looked the same. It was nice to see it again. \ i love driving past old places from my childhood too! they always seem much smaller than i remember
Haha. I thought the same thing. Even the yard looked them same. The same garden and trees. I really liked that house. \ its great that you were able to go visit
Its storming really badly herer and there were branches blown onto the street when I was driving home. \ That doesnt sound very safe.  I hope you dont lose power
Me too.  Its a little crazy outside right now. \ well stay inside and stay dry
I feel so defeated right now and I need to figure out how to pay my bills \ That sucks. I know how you feel.  Do you have a day job?
Yea, I thought i was going to get a raise, and I just found out that Im not getting one.  I was really counting on it too. \ That sucks. I've also been through that. Among other benefit cuts.
My husband and I are going on our very first cruise in December. \ Oh boy! Where are you headed?
To the Caribbean Islands. We are going with another couple that we have been friends with for a very long time. \ Congratulations! I hope everything goes well! 
The other night I was just craving candy. I ate up all that we had!  \ Oh, wow. Its like that sometimes. You have to give into your sweet tooth.
Sometimes you just have to! It felt so great then but I hated it the next morning!  \ Ugh, I hate the regret that comes with giving into food cravings. Don't be too hard on yourself. It was just one time.
My mom travelled to china and has been there for five years now  \ You don't miss her?
I've missed her alot, have been calling her to come back home \ I would suggest you go to china and visit her.
I didn't like it,my team  lost during yesterdays match between England and Croatia \ I was supporting England too,  
So bad, let wait for the finals. \ Who do you think will win the cup
I found an old R/C car I had from when I was a kid. \ thats pretty neat.  I think that might be worth a lot of money
I don't think its worth anything but it brings back a lot of memories. \ well that might make it more valuable to you then.  Does it still work?
This attractive girl at the bar was trying to get me to go home with her the other night \ Well... did you?
No, im married and I couldnt do that to my wife \ Ah too bad you're married.    Pro's and con's
I was in traffic just the other day. \ Ugh. Those are the worst.
Yeah. Someone actually cut me off. \ I wish people could be more considerate on the road. Its so annoying.
So I just moved to a new city and havent really made any friends here yet. Im really missing my friends and family back home. \ Do you like your new city?
Yea it seems nice and my job pays well. I really wish I had my friends to check out the city with. \ How do your friends feel about the situation?
My husband recently spent a year studying for the different parts of the CPA exam. \ What is the CPA exam?
Certified Public Accountant - he passed all 4 exams with flying colors! \ I bet he must be extremely relieved and happy to have that exam behind him. Those exams can be extremely nerve wracking. Did he have longs periods of study time?
A dog in our neighborhood got loose earlier while the kids were playing in the front yard. He is very aggressive and I could just imagine being at the hospital later. \ Oh no, that is scary!  Did his owner get control of him quickly?
I was able to rush the kids inside the house before the dog approached them. The owner was closely following behind with his leash.  \ Goodness, it was a good thing you were right there and able to usher them inside so quickly.  I can't imagine the results had you not been able to get to them quick enough!
I remember this time in high school, I was really bad at Chemistry and the mid term exam determined the majority of our grade for the semester and I studied very hard. It was so hard waiting to get my score to see if it would lift my grade enough to pass the class! I hate uncertainty! \ the unknown gives me so much stress
Yes! It sure does! \ it get so bad i get severe anxiety
my brother is sick \ Im sorry to hear that, Is he going to the doctor for help?
he spent two months in the hospital and is almost a month in to his rehab \ Oh wow it sounds like he is doing great, I hope he feels better soon!
when i don't know what's going to happen it gives me so much stress \ I completely understand 
it's like the first day at a new job or in a doctor's office waiting room \ I feel for you and hope you have a way to manage it 
My husbands cancer free now!  \ how awesome. my husband is 7 years cancer free
Congrats! We are hoping right now that nothing comes back but It's so happy  \ it's amazing news. congrats to you both. enjoy your time together
I'm so frustrated with my husband. He dismantled the bathroom to do repairs and still hasn't completed them six months later! \ Six months!  I would be so mad!  What are you going to do about it?
He promised he would complete it within a month and since it's been so long, I called a contractor today! \ Good call!  I would have done the same thing!
My next door neighbor is currently having a pool installed. I am so envious! I want one very badly since it is so hot here in Florida! \ I bet! I would be so jealous, too! Maybe your neighbor will let you come over and swim?
Haha!  That's funny because I was thinking the same thing!  Maybe I will just save money to get my own pool. \ That's a great way to look at it- take advantage of their investment for now- and then later you can have your own pool!
im worried about an upcoming test \ What is the test on? Have you prepared for it? I bet you will do better than you think!
yes i have studied quite a bit, thank you! \ Good for you! I bet you will do amazing. Best of luck!
I've got a job interview set up for next week and I'm really nervous! \ i think you will nail it, are you prepared
I hope so! I bought a couple books on preparing for interviews and I've done a couple mock interviews with a friend.  \ good then you will do well!
i enjoy the life i have with my husband \ Wow! That is cool, do you spend a lot of time with him?
we do. after work and on the weekends i wish we had more time together \ I hope you many more years of happy marriage!
I have no friends. One time I went into a restaurant and ate by myself. Everyone laughed \ i feel the same one and lately it seems to be getting worse. i've never been brave enough to go eat alone.
Yes, that is why I am in front of my computer all day. \ i get that. i work all day then come home to the same routine everyday.
My parents always argue and it pisses me off! \ i bet, have you told them how u feel about it?
I have but they rarely listen. They act like children and it can get frustrating. What can you do? \ i guess just walk away is all
i envy everyone outside right now enjoying the weather \ Me too! I'm stuck inside at work and hearing about how great it is out there.
im looking out the window waiting to go out lol \ Haha, same! Just one more hour for me. Hope you can enjoy it soon!
I hunt out with a friend over the weekend to make sure they were okay. He was having trouble with his wife \ Did everything turn out alright?
They are talking things out now \ Hopefully they can work it out
I felt great when playing outside with my dogs earlier today. We had a lot of fun running around and throwing the ball. \ I bet that was fun
Indeed, it was a little hot outside though \ Its nice to get a good sweat
Sometimes it is good to be ready ahead of time, with that you won't leave any important thing behind \ Yea but id still manage to leave something behind anyway haha.
For where? I did not, I was fully ready \ Just anywhere like when leaving a friends place or taking stuff on a trip, i somehow manage to forget one small thing occasionally
The other day my cat vomited on my best shoes and it really made me mad. \ Wow, that cat must have loved that shoe, he wanted it
Yea they seem to know what you care about and try and ruin it. \ That is true, especially when you don't give them attention
I was angry at the pharmacy today. They were taking their time \ That's no fun!  How long did they have you waiting?
It was over 20 minutes \ Don't be too angry.  They might just have been swamped with prescriptions to fill.
I rented a big Uhaul truck to move to a new house. The truck is huge and I am quite nervous to drive it! \ It will be worth it though
I hope so!  I am nervous I'll hit something with the truck! \ I am sure you will be safe
Sometimes life just gives you lemons. At an old job of mine, I had what will probably remain the worst performance review of my life. \ Well you can get better
I'm not sure it was really about my performance at all. I was surprised by the presence of my only adversary there, and informed that a large part of my position would be dissolved, and I would be answering phones. \ You will do better next time, I promise
I was unsure going to the doctor today. It had been awhile \ Yeah, I don't think anyone likes going. How did it go?
I got some medicine so we will see \ I am glad you got the help you needed, and I hope you get better soon.
i was walking in to work and i slipped on some black ice \ Ouch, are you alright?
it was scary i couldn \ I bet.  Did your work cover your medical bills?
I'm picking up my new puppy on Saturday! \ oh yippeee! what kind of puppy?
A little yellow lab!  I think I'm looking forward to it more than my kids are. \ i bet. dogs are amazing. we have a big ole mutt who is 75 lbs of lap dog love
My friends father in law just gave him fifty thousand dollars to buy a house.  I never got any luxury like that. \ Oh wow, that would be nice
Yeah, I just have to remember that I can do just fine on my own though. \ It gives you something to work for
I felt bad when I saw a stray dog on the road. I almost had to stop \ Yeah that's sad, I hope it found it's owner somehow.
I do too, I hate seeing that \ Yeah, you can't always help everybody and everything though.
I was nervous going to the gym today. There were a lot of people there \ Try not to be.  Focus on yourself and your goals.  Use their judgmental looks to push you workout to the max!
That is great advice \ I hope it helps!
My boss can be so bothersome at times. He will give us a bunch of work to do, but want to sit there and talk to us at length while we are trying to concentrate on our tasks! \ Bosses are sometimes unaware it seems
He is totally oblivious to the fact that we are so busy.  It drives me insane! \ I would hate working there
I ran over a rabbit this morning. I felt bad \ i have a pet rabbit. that makes me sad
I know, it was a sad incident \ sometimes on my way to work i find deer, skunk, cats, misc other dead animals and it makes me so sad
i don't like the feeling of the unknown \ Why do you say that
it worries me not to know what to expect \ Well that is what makes life fun
I have been having a lot of money trouble and just yesterday an anonymous cashiers check came in the mail for $5000! \ Wow that's super lucky! So you have no idea where it came from?
I have no idea, but it came at just the right time.  I was about to get evicted and my power had already been shut off.  I think it was from someone in my church. \ That's a true blessing. I am very happy for you!
This might sound odd, but I am looking forward to getting back to work after my current vacation ends. \ That is so funny, but I know exactly how you feel.  Sometimes vacations can get too long.  Did you leave town?
Yes, I took a trip to Hong Kong and Macau. I spent a couple days in Seoul, but I think I'm ready to stop sitting at home and get back to it haha. \ That sounds like a heck of a trip!
That's must be a relief for you.  I am assuming you have children? \ I do not have those
So I guess that sending anyone off to school is not a big deal to you?  Do you attend school? \ I do not attend school
I felt good getting medicine today. I think it will make me feel better \ That is good to hear.  Have you been ill for a while.  I hope not.
Just over a week, its been rough \ That's really to bad.  I hope the medicine works well and you are back to normal very soon!
I was angry today in traffic. It just makes me mad everytime \ i used to sit in 2 hours of traffic daily. no longer is that my problem
That sounds nice to me \ i love my slow country life
the last person i talked to said they killed a rabbit. \ I believe that was me
ha. that makes 3 times we get linked together \ Ha, well I still feel bad about it, I promise
i know. i was just curious if we would be linked up again. \ nice talking to you for sure
I had to take an ethics course to retain my real estate license today, and I passed the test. It was much easier than I expected. \ You sound like you are going to do well then
Thank you! I was very happy that the test I was stressing over turned out to be easier than I thought. \ I am glad it was easy for you
I saw a picture of my mom today. It made me miss her \ Aw, yeah I've been missing my Mom lately as well.
I guess memories are always nice of them \ Hopefully your mom hasn't passed away, and you just haven't visited her in a while.
My wife cried quite a lot at her mothers funeral. They had a very close bond. \ am sorry to hear that. what happened to the mother
Unfortunately she passed away, hence the funeral. \ soryy, may she rest in peace, please try comfort your wife
we were arguing about her taking my car without my knowledge and i ended abusing her. i feel bad \ What steps have you taken to remedy the situation and make her feel safe?
i apologized to her but still she wount talk to me \ I think that's for the best. Abuse is never okay.
I got a friend request on facebook last week from this person that I knew I recognized but couldnt remember exactly where I had met them. After thinking and looking at older photos of the person on their page I realized it was a good friend I met on a cruise some 15 years ago that I enjoyed spending the short time with. I cant believe he remembered my name. \ That is so crazy.  I love how Facebook reconnects people from so long ago.  Do you have any plans to meet up some time?
No not yet, Im still trying to recall everything and get all caught up on his life! 15 years is a long time! Lol \ What has he been up to in the mean time?
I just had to move out of my house, but I think it is for the best. \ Oh no! What happened?
There was toxic mold in the place.  It was starting to make us sick.  It is always a pain to move, but I am really happy to land in a nice healthy place? \ That must be frustrating, but it really sounds like your trying to look at it in a positive light and that always makes things a little easier!
I bumped into my friends car this morning parking. It was a little shameful for me \ Uh oh. Was it bad?
It was just a slight hit so no \ Well at least it wasn't too bad...even if it was a little embarrassing.
I booked a cheap mystery hotel room on Hotels.com and was pretty happy to find out when I got in that it's a 4 star hotel! \ Its nice to find good deals
I agree, was pleasantly surprised at how nice it is! Really lucked out \ I hope you have fun
I got to relax over the weekend and do some reading. It was nice \ That sounds so nice I'm jealous.
You should find some time then \ I definitely need to. Hope you can also continue to enjoy relaxing time.
I studied really hard for my test last week. \ How did you do
I just found out today that I failed. \ I am sorry
I saw some pictures of back home from old. It made me miss it \ Aww, it's nice to relive those old memories sometimes.
Memories are always nice \ Pictures are nice to have to be able to look back on life.
I arrived at my hotel that I'm staying in for a work trip. I'm peeved that my room is on the first floor directly next to the pool. Lots of screaming kids all day/night. \ Kids can be annoying
Yeah I mean, I'm glad they're having fun but the constant screaming...like why are they even screaming? \ Screaming is never good
I lied to a friend this weekend. It made me feel like a rat \ What did you lie about?
Where I was the night before \ Why did you lie about it?
I am so ready for football season, the Eagles are playing their first game in a few minutes! \ I am a saints fan, so I am excited too ha
Did you read what Kamara said? I am not sure about that \ I read it today, he is a different kind of guy for sure
Although I'm not doing very well financially, and I'm not where I want to be right now... At least I have a roof over my head and food to eat. \ That is a great attitude to have.  I know it is hard to go through periods of struggle.  Do you have hope that things will get better soon?
Yes, I am a faithful person. I also believe in God, and I'm a Christian. So, I do believe that things will get better for me soon.  \ That is phenomenal!  In hard times it is easy to distace ourselves from God, but I believe it is important to press in and cast our cares on Him.
My wife's grandmother just moved in with us. \ Oh really? Actually I think that is a good thing. How's is going?
It is going great.  Her health has been really bad recently, so we brought her home to see if we can't bring her back to health. \ I think that's a good decision by your and your wife. And I think your wife's grandmother is going to recover well.
I hope the Eagles are a great team this year, they were awesome last year \ They will be good again
I sure hope so! \ I am a saints fan though ha
I saw an old game on tv today. It made me think of the past \ What game was that?
It was an old college football game \ Which teams played?
I have faith the Eagles will be good this year, I hope it goes well! \ Well I hope they play well for you :)
Thank you, I get a bit too invested sometimes \ It happens sometimes...I get fired up watching the Lakers play lol.
I got surprised by winning a trip to disneyland this weekend! I am overjoyed! \ Is it all expenses paid?
Yes, everything is covered including some money for food!  \ Well, congrats on winning that?
I loved playing Pokemon as a kid, what a great series, I played for so many hours \ My son really liked Pokemon too! He liked playing the card game and watching the show.
I enjoyed that as well, it was so fun! \ Yes, and I know there are still some fans around now too. Of course, they are more popular ones.
My father passed away about 2 1/2 years ago. It was totally unexpected and really was very traumatic and hurtful to me. He was still quite young and my family and I had no idea he had a life threatening health issue. \ I am sorry to hear that, I hope you had some time together before hand
I was pretty close to my father and always lived close by. But, you always wish you had more time. But, the last words I said to him was that I loved him, and I'm grateful for that. \ That is good at least, you had some closure at the worst
I am getting frustrated with my job recently, they are overworking us \ What kind of work is it
it is phone support, so not fun at all \ That does not sound fun at all
The rain got me down today. I could not get going \ I know what you mean, hope it gets better!
I do too, I miss the sun \ I get that, here is to hoping it shows up soon!
Getting this new job should be easy. I am easily the best person that applied. \ Damn, very confident huh? What job did you apply for?
CEO of Apple. I figured they need a Steve 2.0 to take them forward!  \ Oh wow, that outta pay very well.
I really didn't have much faith in my friend when he wanted to get a better ACT score, especially since he started out with a 22. \ Has he put in a lot of effort in studying and trying to improve?
He did before, and he really surprised me since he ended up getting a 28 on it. \ Show's working hard is really important with ACT. How did you do in yours?
So they just posted online about how they are not making a sequel to Hot Fuzz. \ Oh no. Did they say why?
I guess it just did not get enough funding. It just sucks because it is my favorite movie. \ Hopefully it might be reconsidered later on.
I was able to save a blind lady from falling down an escalator. \ Is she ok? Im glad you were close by!
She was very alarmed and rightfully so. I'm usually not a nice person, but I'm glad I did the right thing that time! \ That is really cool of you to do, Did anyone else see it happen?
I was supposed to go on a trip over the weekend, but I didn't go. \ Oh no, what happened?
I missed my plane. \ That's unfortunate. I have missed them before too and I hate when that happens.
Last month I was running a bit short on cash, but I got a bonus from work out of the blue. \ Oh wow! How lucky! Perfect timing.
I know, right? It really saved my hide. I was very glad. \ I bet that was a huge relief.
I am jealous of my coworker, he is very smart and athletic \ Don't be jealous, instead, brush on your studying and start going to the gym.
I am trying, some people are just gifted \ Yeah, I do agree. Sometimes it seems like people are just plain blessed.
Although my life isn't going very well right now, at least I have a roof over my head and food to eat. Many people in the world don't even have those two things. \ I get that, but things are still better for those around you, so it feels bad still
Yeah, you're right. It's hard to stay humble and be patient in the hard times when it seems like other people around you never have hard times. \ I get that, but things are still better for those around you, so it feels bad still
Once when I was younger I went to a friends 16th birthday and had a crazy experiene happen \ What happened?
we were walking in the front door and it had a glass door apparently but I didn't see it.  It was a very clean door.  LOL.  Later on that night I won a door prize.  which was pretty funny] \ What did you win?
I was shocked that the Eagles won the superbowl last year, really caught me off guard \ I don't follow football much.  Were they not the favored to win?
Not at all, they  were 7-9 the year prior \ Oh wow.  Were you hoping the other team would win?
I cannot wait for the weekend. I am going kayaking \ Oh, really? Kayaking is awesome! What a fun and adventurous person you must be. 
We are going hiking too so yeah I think so \ Hiking and kayaking? Wow! Better pack some trail mix.
I'm 30 years old and living with my dad still. I am broke. I've been single for years. I feel like I have nothing going for me while my peers are out kayaking. \ I am sure it will get better
I hope it does because I've been getting the end of the stick with the poo on it for a long time. \ You just need to make a plan for yourself
I planted sod in my backyard a couple weeks ago and it looked great until my dog got a hold of it. \ oh, well that sucks! It can be very aggravating to spend time working on something, and then have it destroyed!
Yeah I had it fenced up for a couple weeks till I thought it was good, the first day I take it down... wasted. \ Yes, not only a waste of your time, but the money. No doubt, very frustrating, and I'm sure you wanted to teach the dog a lesson 
My daughter caught me in a bad mood the other day and was being a bit argumentative. I lost my temper, yelled and really hurt her feelings. I felt bad that it happened. \ Oh that sucks.  Those are the types of situations where you can't help it, but you know you did wrong the second after it's over.
Yes, I was already not in a good mood, and then it seemed like she just pushed the right button. But, I knew I shouldn't have done it as soon as I saw the look in her eyes, I felt very bad. \ Well, there aren't any rules against apologizing to your kids?
I know my friend is going to come through this weekend. I trust his word \ That's great that you have such trust in him. 
He is my best friend so its nice \ That is a true friend that's worth having for a lifetime if possible. I am happy for you.
I'm feeling a little down right now. I was supposed to meet friends for a little trip this weekend, but I got stuck working late at work. \ I bet they will miss you not being there
Yes, I think so. Almost as much as I miss not being there lol. \ You will have time again
I recently applied for a new job and am waiting to hear if I got it. \ I bet that is nerve-wracking! I hope you get it.
Thank you, I'm sure things will turn out ok either way \ Good luck!
5 \ 5?
Sorry. I hit a wrong key and sent too soon. I was going to tell you about how I ordered McDonalds with the new delivery service. \ ah it happens lol
I feel something when I think back to where I came from. It makes me feel a bit nostalgic \ Feeling nostalgic can be great. Where are you from?
I am from Louisiana, I do kind of miss it \ I can see why you miss it, as I actually live in New Orleans currently.
You never know what someone else is going through, and looks can be deceiving. Like this old man that seemed like any other drunk. \ Yeah you can judge someone like that
It was hard to tell honestly, but it turned out the guy was lost and diabetic. He had lost track of his friends and had no way to get home, so I hailed him a cab and paid the driver $20. \ Thats a nice gesture from you
Although things in my life haven't been going well for the last year or two, I am faithful that I've been a good person to others, so it will come back to me. \ Being positive is all you can do
Well, I guess it's not ALL that I could do, I am trying to be proactive in getting some things moving. But mostly, I actually need a blessing! \ Being busy always helps things
I got to relax today and sleep. I was off of work \ Oh nice. I'm happy that you got some rest. What do you do for work?
I work in marketing \ Sounds pretty interesting. I hope everything goes well for you.
I saw someone on tv today that was pretty good. He was talking about saving money \ Oh yeah? Did you get any good tips from him?
It just made me want to do better \ That's inspirational at least. I'm sure we can all do better at saving.
A close friend/co-worker recently got a promotion at work. I feel so proud of them. \ What kind of work is it
It's a faculty position at a college. \ Oh that sounds pretty nice
I built a sandcastle which looked just like the Parthenon and it took me less than 20 minutes \ No way that sounds pretty extreme, did you really?
Yes. I patted myself on the back for that for sure. \ Haha well that's cool, did it last long?
Me and my spouse agreed that we're gonna move back home to Texas next year. I am so excited. \ Wow, that is a big decision. Are you well prepared for the move?
I think so, I think it will be fun. \ Moving can be both adventurous and a big headache. You have to make big decisions about discarding many old possessions and selling your house if you have one.
I did not go to the gym this morning. I felt bad about it \ Well, I guess if you're a pretty regular gym-goer, you shouldn't feel bad about missing a day every once in a while.
I guess so, thanks for that \ Hey, no problem. Just gotta lift heavier next time haha
I still think about a specific ex-girlfriend imparticular. She's always on my mind. \ I think that is normal, are you still friends
No, not really. We had a really hot and fast relationship. One of those relationships where it was really passionate and the break-up was bad. \ Oh well, you will find someone else
I had a good feeling work was going to be good today. I went to bed with that feeling last night \ That is a nice way to wake up. Was it a good day?
It was a really good day, turned out well \ That is really good. I am happy to hear that.
I am going back to work next week. My baby is almost 6 weeks old. \ Are you excited to go back
Yes and I will be leaving my baby with a neighbor that I feel will be good with her. \ Its nice to have help
I was pretty irritated in traffic this morning. \ Was traffic particulary bad this morning?
It was real bad \ Ugh, I hate when traffic is like that!  We live near Atlanta and it's always so bad.
I have a senior and a sophmore in high school this year. \ Are they doing well in school?
They are both amazing students, but after seeing some new little girls going to their first ballet class this week, well the years just go by so fast. \ They do, just make sure to cherish it
I'm pretty upset that my real estate career in Florida did not go as I had planned. \ Did you try hard?
To be honest with you... No, I didn't put the effort into it that I should have. \ Well you can with the next job
I was sad last weekend. All of my friends were off being busy it seemed \ Why didn't you make any plans before the weekend started?
I was a little sick and busy I guess \ Well, I hope you feel better and get some rest. Maybe next weekend will be better for you.
I qualified to shoot on the 1000yard range today \ Oh wow, that is impressive indeed
Thanks, I can't wait to get out and try the 1000 yard range now.  The shots today were at 700 yards. \ I hope you do well
My brother offered to drive me to the doctor today. I had faith in him  \ I assume he got you there ok?
He did and it was nice of him \ Sounds like you've got a good brother.
I am not currently employed, but I am happy that I can at least make some income. \ Income is very important always
I guess we're lucky to have this opportunity.  \ Luck has nothing to do with usually
I was nervous this morning driving. It was raining hard \ Sometimes if the storm is severe enough, it's best to just pull over.
I thought about that for sure \ I guess nowadays with how everything is going, it just feels like rush, rush, rush. Gotta sink or swim
I saw an old photo of my mom this morning. It made me miss the old times \ That's always fun to look at pictures.
It brings back memories for sure \ That's good to have.
My cat died the other day. \ I am sorry, that is always sad
She was 24 years old. \ Oh wow, it had a good life I am sure
The alarm at my work was going off while I was closing up. And the cops came by. \ That sounds scary
It was the most scared I have ever been.  There was a storm outside and some stuff was blowing around so I opened the door to grab it and there was a gun pointed at my head and someone screaming at me to get on the ground. \ Oh my lord, I am glad you are okay
I was nervous going on a first date last weekend. I thought about not going \ That is understandable.  Did you end up going?
I did and it was fine, nothing to be nervous about \ Are you going out again?
I don't know if you're a religious person or not, but have you ever just had the feeling that you've got a blessing on the way? \ I have felt that for sure in the past
How did it turn out for you? Any memorable experiences? \ It just gave me a positive feeling really
I felt pretty cocky over the weekend hiking a new trail. I was not going to quit \ What made you feel that way?
I just knew I had to do it, just to prove it to myself \ I guess just make sure not to push it, there is a fine line between confidence and pride.
I felt happy and cherished the moment this weekend with old friends. It had been awhile \ That is really nice.  What did you all do?
We went to a craft beer bar and a few different breweries \ I love craft beer.  How many of you were ther?
Someone sneezed on me at the bus stop. \ That is so gross and rude
I know!  I was wondering if anyone had ever taught them to cover their mouth...I guess not. \ I guess that is a no
I just wanted to face anyone to a fight Cox they were just so annoying  \ Im sorry im not sure i follow.
My neighbors were really annoying to an extent, so I was ready to face anyone that will be annoying again \ Oh I see, i can imagine that can get really frustrating
I went to a 4th of july music festival and a mother had her 6 year old daughter dressed in a leotard and paraded her around, it was horrible behavior for a parent \ Hahahaha, what was she thinking? 
A lot of those people are trashy or druggies, really sickening to be around \ It's really annoying right
I'm pretty depressed that I've been single for years now. \ That's nothing to be depressed about. 
I don't know, it feels pretty bad. \ Start hanging out with friends and enjoy life.
I cannot find my mailbox key anywhere. \ Did you check the last place you had it?
yes. I am pretty sure I left it in my boyfriend's car, but he says it's probably not in there and he won't look. \ Oh, that's lame. He should have checked for you.
I took my kids candy from halloween this last year. \ I am sure you deserved some candy
I always do, but I should have bought my own.  But it was just sitting there taunting me.  I instantly felt bad about it. \ You shouldnt, its nice to have some candy every once and awhile
I saw a man who had a gun in his car last weekend. It scared me \ I know what you mean.  My dad carries a gun in his car, so I won't let him drive my kids anywhere.  What did you do?
I went the other way \ Good choice.
My brother got a promotion at work. I was surprised in a good way at his paycheck \ That's great, good for him! It's always makes you feel good when your hard work is appreciated.
He did deserve it \ Well, it's nice that you are happy for him as well. I'm sure he can find many uses for the extra money.
We hadn't been to the beach and years and really wanting to go back for vacation. We were able to a few weeks ago and it was awesome. I was thrilled! \ Oh man, the beach always sounds nice
It's was great. The weather was perfect most of the time, and we were able to relax and enjoy it so much. We were really hyped to go! \ That sounds like it was lovely
I was nervous going to meet a girl. It was a blind date \ How'd it go?
It was a nice and peaceful \ Are you going to see her again? 
A good co-worker of mine lost his job \ That is not good, what happened
His boss felt he was under-performing.  It's a shame because he was fun to work with \ That is never a good thing, I hope they land on their feet
I was angry this past weekend. My paycheck did not go through \ Oh that's terrible. Did you get it resolved?
It came through on Monday, oh well \ Maybe the bank's fault? Oh well, at least it came in! Better late than never.
I have a date planned for this weekend. \ Are you excited about it
Yeah, absolutely. Nervous of course, but happy. \ I hope it goes well
I had to have an MRI done on my head due to some medical symptoms, and I was really nervous about the results. \ That kind of stuff is always scary.  Do you have the results yet?
Yes, luckily the doctors said that MRI showed no serious signs of symptoms such as tumors, or anything like that. \ I am so glad to hear it!  Are you feeling better, though?
I feel a little bit better. I've been trying to regain some energy. Thank you for asking. \ Do they have any idea what is going on?
I don't really know what's been causing the strange symptoms I've been having. I pray that my health is restored. \ I do too.  My wife has been very sick for the last 13 years and she just switched to a diet called Nutritarian and after three months is almost back to her old self.
Last week we had a fire start in our bathroom. \ Oh no! Is everything okay? What happened?
I don't know how it started, but luckily I had just bought a fire extinguisher for the first time in my life, and had changed the fire alarm batteries.  Very fortunate. \ Wow, that first-time fire extinguisher purchase and replacement of the fire alarm batteries was definitely a blessing.
I am pretty happy with how my life is going these days, there is not too much to complain about \ Its always nice to have that perspective
I suppose so, it is better than getting down about stupid things \ That is very true
I took my cat to the vet this morning. I wanted to make sure he was okay \ What was wrong?
He was throwing up all morning \ Oh, did they find out why?
I was shocked in a good way this weekend. My brother got us football tickets \ Well, that's good. Sounds like you guys will be having some fun watching the game. Much better than TV!
Yeah I am excited about it \ Well, I hope you guys have a good time
The last time I went to the fair, I tripped over a big cord. This led to me having one of those running falls, that seem to last forever! I wanted to disappear at that moment! \ I am sure not many people noticed
Oh no, there were tons of people that noticed lol. I can laugh now, but not at that moment. \ I can imagine, sorry
It was a real bad weekend. My girlfriend broke up with me \ How come?
I guess I was being distant \ Oh, how long were you dating?
I was upset as a kid when the Eagles lost the superbowl, I cried a lot \ Well they made up for it last year
That is for sure, it was awesome, to do it against the team that made me cry as a kid, priceless \ Oh yeah, I forgot about that ha
A co-worker of mine was able to complete a complicated project quickly \ How did they do that?
He was more skilled than I thought \ Oh, well that is a nice surprise though!
I was really shocked when the Eagles won the superbowl, but also so happy \ Why were you so surprised?
They have let me down every year of my life so far haha \ Do you have any other favorite teams?
Can you believe that my friend who joined the firm I work for got a promotion that I was competing for. She get's a very big bonus and a company car. \ She may have done something else to "earn" that promotion, if you know what I mean ;)
Hahaha that is what I was thinking too. She does not work half as hard as I do, that car and that bonus should be mine \ well perhaps you can brush up on some sabotage skills lol :) get her out, get yourself back in the game. Good luck!
I like you! Yes I do feel vengeance in the air. \ good guys finish last. You have to be like Trump LOL aggressive
Hahaha indeed! \ think of it this way: It's not revenge, it's punishment
ok, so after 5 years and the baby, there was disconnect. Things like not sleeping at the same times, not even hardly talking. Just avoiding each other really \ Oh boy that is the worst, so frustrating! Has there been any change since?
plenty lol. kicked them out long time ago. now with new wife of 5 years haha. but point is, i never cheated even during those 8 months of feeling alone, heck, BEING alone \ Hahaha you put the hammer down good for you bro. How are things with the new wife going?
as bill & ted would say: Excellent! {guitar} \ You remember that show hahaha totally my twin. I'm glad for you bro. Good luck to you!
I was pretty mad last week. My ac broke and it was so hot \ Oh that's terrible. It's been so hot lately. I bet you struggled.
It was bad all week \ Well I hope you can get it fixed soon! Still more hot days to come yet.
I'm really excited about this coming weekend. It's my last free weekend before school starts back. \ Any fun plans?
Just going to meet some friends and hang out. Anything to distract us from the coming Monday. \ That does sound fun
I thought I would have a good day today but someone ruined it.  \ How did they do that?
They like to be emotionally and mentally exhuasting and mean \ Who is that?
I am afraid of how the Nintendo Switch has been doing recently, a lot of games have been delayed or cancelled \ Oh, is that the newest? I haven't played on one since super nintendo!
It is, a cool console, but the delays are killer \ What is it like playing it, is it virtual reality/?
I felt pretty alone last week. All of my friends were busy \ Thats never fun. Hope you can make time with them next week.
I am going to try for sure \ Good, friends are worth trying repeatedly for.
I lost a puppy recently and I'm still broken up about it. \ I am so sorry I have been there so many times
it's never going to be ok, but it will be a little less painful in time. \ I am sorry you had to go through that
My son has 10 years old and he is very good musician. \ A prodigy, huh?  What instrument does he play?
He is playing piano. He is very good at it. I am very impressed. \ That is awesome!  Does he have any recitals coming up?
My brother just bought a new watch and I want it so bad. \ My brother just bought a new watch and I want it so bad.
Why you don't buy it? \ I can't afford it, but maybe he'll give it to me for Christmas.
I was nervous going to my job interview. I had no idea what to expect \ I hope you get it! What type of job did you apply for
It was a marketing job \ What traits do you have that make you think you're qualified for the job
On the first date date I expect nothing more than interesting conversation, good laughs, and a delicious meal at a high-end restaurant. But I always bring mouthwash and some condoms just in case  \ Its nice to be prepared
Absolutely.  Never fails \ I will have to start doing that
My cat recently passed away and my coworkers got me flowers. They can be so thoughtful at times. It makes me feel nice. \ Its nice to have friends like that
It really is. It helps to know they were thinking of my feelings. \ Its nice to have people there for you always
I was a little scared over the weekend. All it did was rain and storm \ I hate that. Especially at nighttime. It can be pretty scary.
It was definitelty that \ Might have to sleep with the lights on next time it happens. Haha
It's not fun when a 4 year old does something he shouldnt. \ What did they do
Took a small toy, put it in his pocket. took it back to the store and made him return it. \ Oh well, he will learn
I was a little down over the weekend. A girl canceled our date \ Never a good thing, did she have a good reason or ask to reschedule?
No, not reallt \ That's not fun, but maybe it was for the best.
I was happy this morning. A friend made me a nice breakfast \ That must have been nice.  What did they make you?
A omelet and bacon \ Very nice.  Did you enjoy it?
I crashed my favorite classic car.  I've had it since I was 16. \ Oh no, is it able to be saved
Unfortunately, no.  I am so sad.  I will probably not even be able to buy another one because it is so rare. \ I am sorry that happened to you
When the Eagles finally won the superbowl, I was so so happy, I cried even \ Oh lord! I am glad you have something that is a healthy hobby
Me too, it is a big part of my time, watching games and tape \ That's cool! It's always good to have a hobby
I'm sad that people have to make others days crappy. \ Do you have an example?
When you're having a decent day finally and someone you know see's that and has to be mean to you. \ That is never fun, I always return the favor
I used to be super scared of horror movies, but once I started watching them with other people, I got okay with it \ I don't like gory movies but scary ones I do. I used to be the same way as you, though.
Yeah I will never like gory movies at all \ I won't either haha just not my thing! 
As a mom I sometimes sneak a sweet treat when I make it out alone. \ You do what you want, you earn it!
Still feel bad when I got an ice cream the other day \ Why?
Oh yeah, I kept it to iron it, for me to come out and see her on my beautiful dress \ How did that make you feel?
I felt so annoyed and devastated, because I was already late for the date \ Oh no,trust me if it were me,she would hear me good!
The thought of having a third child in our family is overwhelming \ Wow, but to have children in the house is good
Every time we add another child it feels great. \ Oh yes...children are blessings, I love them being around me
It was a gloomy weekend. A girl didnt call me like she said she would \ Ah, maybe it will look up for you. She could still call?
I guess so, I am not positive about it though \ Well, even if she doesn't you could always be straight-forward with her and just ask her if she's not into you then let you know so you can move on.
I'm feeling pretty nervous to return to Florida. I don't know if I have many options if I go back, or if it will turn out well or not. \ Just thinking positive thoughts
Yeah, hopefully that type of positive thoughts stuff works. I am more faith-based... \ Its good to have faith
I am working from home and sometime I find it boring to not see other people. \ Ok, if that's what you decide to do I believe you have had time to think it through 
I don't have a choice. It is the only job that I found. \ Ok, the most important thing is that you have a source that pays for the bills
I am so happy to rekindle my relationship with my parents \ Connecting with the people that mattered the most makes me super excited
I cant wait for this weekend. Me and some friend are going camping for my birthday. Its going to be so much fun. \ Oh, I bet that is going to be fun
Yea I cant wait. I have really been looking forward to it. \ I hope you have fun then
I am looking forward to this weekend. We are going to a baseball game \ Very nice. The weather should be perfect.
I hope it is \ Drink a few beers and have a hotdog for me. Should be fun.
I am disgusted when I watch the way the Cowboys run their team, they let so many bad people play and make decisions \ Hey well at least they didn't do too bad last year
They were mediocre at best, i hope they do even more poorly this year \ I'm a Patriots fan 
I give up on trying to figure out most women! I compliment her and give her my undivided attention and she pulls away. But the minute I start being unattached and talking to another lady she clings on desperately for my attention it drives me nuts hahaha \ Is this your girlfriend?
It's multiple girls lol \ Oh, that might be the issue
The other day after work, I walked out to my car and saw that someone had destroyed my sideview mirror! They left a note that said "I had no choice" on the windshield. I'm so mad.  \ Oh no, what a jerk thing to do
I know, right. No cameras in our parking garage either, so I can't even catch the guy somehow.  \ That doesnt make sense, oh well
I was sad when I had to give my dog away. She was a good dog \ Aww I'm sorry to hear that. I hope she went to a good home. 
She did for sure \ That's good to hear. I'm sure you miss her a lot.
i am alwys in awe watching my favorite band play \ What band is it
the band prolyphia \ Thats a cool name
When my dog died last year I was so sad. It happened randomly \ im sorry to hear that.
Yeah, it was not a good time \ i belive it.did you get a new pup?
I've had a rough week! The house has been a mess from my dogs and toddler. My husband hasn't been helping out much, its fustrating! \ Why is he not helping?
I'm not sure! He has been busy with work but also has been going out with friends a lot :( \ Oh, well work can be tough too sometimes
I am anxious about this upcoming season for the Eagles, who knows what will happen \ Oh Football! Dosen't preason start this week? My husband likes the Los Angles Chargers but they arent very good!
It does, the Eagles are playing right now! \ Nice! I hope they do well!
I trust my family with my life, they are the first people I go to \ It is really nice to have a great family.  Do they live close by?
They do, we all live together \ That is great.  Having a great family network makes life so much better.
I just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary. \ Wow, holy cow, how old were you when you got married?
I was 18 and she was 20.  Things were a lot different back then, but I love my wife more with each passing year. \ Good, I am glad there is still true love out there!
I was annoyed at the grocery store. The checkout line was so slow \ THat's terrible, did they not have enough open?
They did not \ Never good, makes them look bad to the customers
My niece made me proud today, graduated from her nursing school. \ I bet you are proud
YEa, she's over come a lot for it. \ I am sure she did
I went to the town hall to renew driving license. The agent gave wrong information. Because of him, I wasted three months. \ I hate government officials like that
Me too. Some of them are just getting paid for doing nothing. \ Too much as well
My brother got me a nice gift. I was shocked in a good way \ That is nice. What was the gift?
It was football tickets \ Cool. What were the teams playing?
I had this girlfriend only a few months ago and she was always so honest and kind, it really made me trust her and care about her. Things didn't work out but that's okay. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. At least you enjoyed your time with her in the moment?
Yeah it was a lot of fun, I'm glad it happened even though it made me sad. \ Well, hey. At least there's plenty more fish in the sea. Maybe the next one will be the one.
My son is such a rascal! He took my car for a joy ride! \ Oh my god! How old is he?
He's only 13! I didn't even think he had that in him! \ You really need to let him know not to do that again, he could've really gotten himself and others hurt!
I am so ready for the weekend. \ Why is that?
I am going to my best friends beach house. \ That should be a fun time, hope you stay safe!
I am proud of the Eagles for their season last year, they really played well! \ They won it all if I recall.
They sure did, what a fantastic game! \ Do you think they win it all again this year
I am scared Carson Wentz will never be the same after his injury, it was brutal \ Who is Carson Wentz? I believe he is a football player correct? What happened to him :O
He is the Eagles QB, he tore his ACL last year \ Oh man thats crazy, ACL injuries are hard to recover from! Hope the Eagles win tonight!
Since it was my birthday today, when I came home there was a big pink cake and flowers waiting for me :) \ that is sweet, who from?
My husband! I did not see it coming at all, thought we were going to wait till the weekend to celebrate. \ Wow, how sweet of him, you are both lucky!
I am so pumped for the new Super Smash Bros game, it looks amazing \ I saw that, I can't wait to play!
Me neither, they are doing this game right for the fans, I am pumped \ Yes! I was astounded how good it looks, didn't expect it to be like that!
We had to clean out our storage building because of roof damage. I found an old box of pictures! \ What of?
My family and all kinds of old memories, birthdays, festivals, swimming, and other stuff \ Oh, that is awesome, I love those trips down the old memory lane
My brother got a new car. I am a little envious of what he got \ What kind of car did he get?
It was a bmw \ I love BMW. What model car did he get?
I wish mt surgery for my back was today not in a month. \ I am sorry you have a bad back
I have had a bad back since I was a baby. It is a genetic disease. \ I have had one too, its not a good thing
It's so hot and our AC just broke. We had to open the windows to be able to sleep!  \ Oh wow, talk about bad timing
The icing on the sweaty cake was that a giant horse fly kept buzzing around the room and the moment you got comfy would land on you \ Oh no, I hate flies
I was sick when I saw a dead animal on the sidewalk. It made me feel bad \ I always hate seeing any kind of animal on the side of the road
Yeah me too \ The worst is seeing something that looks like one of your pets too. Always fear for a break out at home 
My friend cleaned out my car for me. It was so nice of him \ How dirty was it?
Real dirt ha \ Oh, why did they clean it for you?
I cannot wait for the newest Pokemon game, it looks amazing to me! \ Those games do seem fun
I cannot wait for the newest Pokemon game, it looks amazing to me! \ Those games do seem fun
I did well at work this week. I was happy with myself \ Are you gonna get a bonus for it?
I am hoping so \ Good, best of luck with that, you deserve it!
Before I met my girlfriend and friends, I was very alone, it was a dark time \ I am glad you got out of it
Me too, thank you, things always get better \ That is very true
I am so scared of horror movies, it is my most hated genre by far \ I understand. Some people doesn't like those kind of movies. I am not a fan also.
Yeah they are not fun to watch in my opinion, like at all \ I understand
I am saving money to be able to buy a new car. My current car is having too many car failures. I think one day it will stop working. \ What car do you want? I am in the same boat!
I want to buy a honda civic 2018. And you? \ I am looking at Ford Fiesta, it is a bit cheaper and runs smoothly
I am looking forward to this weekend. We are going to play videogames \ Nice! i just picked up the new madden so i will be gaming all weekend as well
Oh man, I want to play that too \ it is really good, they fixed alot of things from last year to make it awesome
i was sitting in traffic today and let a person out, didnt wave or anything, that junk makes me so mad \ At least you tried to be nice
yeah i guess i shouldnt had at this time though lol \ Well now you know
I have solve many problems today at work. My manager was happy. \ Oh wow, you must be proud! I hope he praised you for your work and gave you a reward?
I want a promotion. We will see how it will go. \ Yes, Sounds like you deserve one! Keep working hard and show them you earned it.
I'm so excited! My family and I are moving to a new state at the end of this year! \ I'm ready for a new start for my family and a better paying job!
That is nice. Having a better paying job is always good. \ Yes! and new opportunties for my family. We need the fresh start on life. I don't like living in Texas.
The past few months have been going quite well, im happy with how things have gone \ good to hear that, what is interesting
Things have just been going how i planned and im pretty stress free so its been nice for once \ thats great. i hope they do on my side too
i am so excited i will be a masters student starting next month \ Oh wow thats a big accomplishment, congrats.
i cant wait to start my classes \ I feel the same, college is stressful but its a nice environment.
I've got back in to running this week, I missed it! It's a great stress reliever! \ Wow, I don't know how you runners do it. I can't stand running. How many miles do you run per day on average?
I love to run, did Track and Field in High School! Right now I'm only running 3 miles till I build my stamina back up! What do you do for excersise?  \ I usually jog in the backyard, but not really running. I'm too fat to run.
I'm not sure how my future is going to turn out. I have been worried about that a lot lately.  \ What have you been worried about? 
Pretty much everything. I'm not where I want to be. Financially speaking: i'm a poor person. My health has really gone downhill this year. Pretty much everything isn't good. \ Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that! I hope things start looking better for you. Can you file for disability or social security? 
Traffic was hard tonight. It was so irritating \ I completely understand.  I get pretty aggravated myself driving home from work everynight.
Yeah I try not to, but its hard \ It takes me almost an hour to get home through traffic.
I was teaching my daughter to drive today when I got pulled over by the cops. \ Oh no, was the cop understanding
not really.  He gave me a ticket for speeding and running a stop sign, in front of my daughter! \ Oh no, that is a mean thing to do
I am pretty happy with my life right now, there is not much to really complain about \ Its nice to have that feeling
Yeah, I have been chasing it for awhile, pretty happy with it \ I do hope it stays that way for you
I skipped the gym this morning. I feel bad about it \ Why did you skip it?
I felt a little sick \ Oh, well your body comes first, health over improvement
I am appreciative of my girlfriend, she is very sweet and tries her best \ thats very nice to hear, how long have yall be together?
almost 3 years now! \ nice! my wife and i have have been together 9!
i wanted to play madden so bad and had to wait until today, all my friends got it tuesday \ Why did you need to wait?
i forgot to pre order it! \ Oh, you couldn't download it anyways?
I feel pretty confident about asking for a raise, I think I deserve it a lot \ I feel like you should to if you know you work hard go for it.
I am planning on it, I hope my boss is receptive \ Maybe go to HR I had to do that for my raise and they spoke to my supervisor and he agreed.
I get so mad when workers don't wash their hands in restaurants I had this happen to me recent I left the place immediately. \ That is nasty, how do they get away with that?
Right I was so sicken I said yes this will be the last time I go to this Pizza Hut it's like would you want someone to do you and your food that way. \ Exactly, I would report them, so nasty
I feel pretty confident about asking for a raise, I think I deserve it a lot \ Why's that?
I do a lot of work and out perform my coworkers \ Sounds like you deserve it then
My car has been acting strange lately \ How so?
Strange noises and grinding, I hope it doesn't break down \ I hope so too, get it checked out!
You won't believe the day I've had! I got to sleep in this morning, I haven't done that in months! \ Its always nice to get some sleep
Yes, my husband even cooked dinner for me today, and helped clean the house! He has been very helpful today. \ Oh wow, that was nice of him
I felt bad when I saw a homeless man on the street. I wanted to help \ I understand, I feel the same way sometimes. It's hard because sometimes you can't help or know they have problems that made them homeless like drinking.
Yeah, that is a good point too \ Yes, sometimes they won't accept when I offer them food. They just want money to buy beer. It is very sad!
Last week I got very much frightened \ Why were you feeling that way
When I was going to the office, I stopped by a cafe to get a small coffee. There I saw a young man watching at me angrily. He even has a gun in his hands. \ That is very scary
I went to a friends house tonight. Nothing special but it was nice \ Ohh, what's that for? a party?
Just to relax really \ oh cool. It always feels nice and relaxing, being with your friends.
At a shop, a seller was lying about the prices of the items that he was selling. \ I hate when they do that
Me too. I notice the price tags. I left and I not coming back there again. \ That is probably best
The rainy weather makes me nervous. I hate driving in it \ Me too, I hate driving in it. It is sometime to difficult to see the road.
Yeah I hate that too \ Anyway, now, it is summer. There is less rainy days.
I always have a nice time driving my old truck. \ What truck is it?
It's a 1968 chevrolet. \ Oh wow that is old, glad it still runs!
I am proud of the Eagles for winning the superbowl, they made me so happy \ Did you have any money bet on the game ?
I did not, my state does not really have betting like that \ Well, I meant privately.
Atimes they do it on purpose \ do what?
Some people dont have any reason of ignoring calls \ Yeah they give up.
I had maggots on my counter about a month ago after leaving trash out for a couple days. \ Why dont u throw the trash awy?
I should have. \ Yea,as soon as possible
I've been stuck on work travel away from home for the past few weeks. Last weekend was my birthday which I wasn't looking forward to spending alone. But to my amazement my girlfriend drove through the night to spend it with me! \ Wow! Did you do anything special while she was there?
Not really we just hung out together. We saw a movie too. \ Nice! I hope you feel better!
I bought a scratch lottery ticket for $20 and didn't win anything \ Sorry to hear that. It would really upset me to be in that situation!
Thanks, I will buy another one! \ I hope you win that one! Good luck!
This has been a great week! Well actually a great year for my family. \ I am glad for you. I hope it continues
Thank you, my husband got two great job offers! \ Oh nice, its good to have options
I miss being a kid. I saw a tv show today that made me think about that \ Yes, I understand! Life is easier as a kid.
It really was, I miss it \ Same sometimes, But I enjoy the freedom and indepence of being an adult.
My granddad means so much to me I still wear his necklace even though he passed. \ I am sorry for your loss, at least you got some time together
Yes and thank you I know he is close in spirit I get emotional sometimes but the memories we had was great. \ I feel that way about my grandma, it is sad that by the time we are born they are so old
I am upset with Nintendo recently, they have not had a direct in awhile \ I use to love those I didn't know they stop selling can you buy something else like different game system?
What do you mean? \ You said they didn't have a direct in a while do you mean like a direct game come out im no game wiz for the new age lol.
What do you mean? \ You said they didn't have a direct in a while do you mean like a direct game come out im no game wiz for the new age lol.
In the park, I was attacked by a group of young teenagers. I am still shocked. \ Like actually assaulted or robbed?
I was assaulted and robbed. I didn't want to give my wallet and my phone. \ Oh, I am very sorry to hear that, I hope you feel okay now
I am super pumped for the new super smash bros, it looks amazing! \ It is amazing. For how long have you been playing this game?
Since Brawl, played a bit of Melee as a kid too \ I played a lot of video games when I was kid. I liked that so much.
You know, I feel like God is actually being really good to me, even though sometimes I complain or feel as though I don't deserve it. \ Being humble is the way to be
Yeah, I've been realizing lately the difference between "real humbleness" and "fake humbleness". \ That is very wise thinking
I got to sit on my patio all weekend and read comics. It was calming \ Oh, that does sound nice. What comics were you reading?
They batman and justice league \ Oh cool. I like comics, but I'm not really a fan of Batman or Justice League.
I am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and athletic \ Everyone has their strengths and weaknesses. Have you even been interested in athletics?
I am , he is just more gifted than me \ I am sure there are some things you are more gifted at as well.
I was watching my niece the other day, and seeing her playing made me miss my days of youth as well. \ Yeah I know what you mean, those days were the best
I wish I had a time machine sometimes. Was a lot easier back then without all the responsibility of course. \ Yeah exactly, I think back on those days very fondly
My daughter is growing up so fast!  \ How old is she?
She is 4 and in Pre-school! She is doing so well learning how to share and also knows her colors! \ Wow, they do grow up fast, appreciate the time you get!
I am so happy with the way the new super smash bros looks, it seems awesome to me \ Nice, when does the new game come out? Or is it already out haha
It comes out in December, they are showing stuff about it, like yesterday \ I don't know much about video games but remember playing Mario and games on a Nintendo 64.
Yesterday I was very worried \ I'm sorry to hear that. What were you worried about?
My mom came home late. I prayed until she came! \ Was she ok?
I had to give a big presentation at work today. I prepared really hard for it. Unfortunatley when it became time for me to present I got really nervous and just froze up. \ Ohh, I feel sorry for you. It happens.
