Yeah about 10 years ago I had a horrifying experience. It was 100% their fault but they hit the water barrels and survived. They had no injuries but they almost ran me off the road. \ Did you suffer any injuries?
No I wasn't hit. It turned out they were drunk. I felt guilty but realized it was his fault. \ Why did you feel guilty? People really shouldn't drive drunk.
I remember going to see the fireworks with my best friend. It was the first time we ever spent time alone together. Although there was a lot of people, we felt like the only people in the world. \ Was this a friend you were in love with, or just a best friend?
This was a best friend. I miss her. \ Where has she gone?
We no longer talk. \ Oh was this something that happened because of an argument?
My girlfriend got me a pet toad today! \ Do you like toads?
I do! I was so happy when I opened the box and that fat mofo jumped out! \ That was nice of your girlfriend, do you love her?
I really like the new paint job on my house. \ That's nice. What color did you paint it?
I went with blue and yellow. \ Those are swell colors! I am sure they will bring any guests much joy and merriment.
I went to the skating rink all by myself today because my friends ditched me. \ That's disappointing. I'm glad that you didn't let that stop you, and that you still went out and had a good time!
Oh, it was a dreadful time. I never felt so alone as they played Smash Mouth's "All Star". \ Why weren't your friends able to come?
My upstairs neighbors make a ton of noise at all hours of the night. It makes it difficult for me to sleep.  \ That really sucks. Maybe you should try egging their door? Or just break in and pretend you're bigfoot while they're trying to sleep.
I'm not trying to get arrested! I think I'll just wait things out until I move in two months. \ I would go with the bigfoot option. You can get a costume on the cheap on ebay nowadays. I've used that tactic countless times and it has never failed!
I was walking on the road. I saw a beggar and i didn't help him. \ Wow, that's kinda mean
yeah i know. i was in a hurry and i am ashamed of myself!! \ You think he will be there next time so you can help him?
I ate my co-worker's cake, which was in the fridge \ haha, was that intentional to get revenge on him/her. or just that you were hungry?
I was hungry, I didn't' know it was his, and when he came back, there wasn't any cake remaining \ haha. Did you tell him about it?
I was able to pull up on the internet pictures from where I lived as a kid. I felt like I was right back there. \ Very nice. I bet you were full of joy to see them.
It brought back so many memories. \ I bet they are very sentimental to you. Being able to remember those days must feel good
Im expecting a good bonus to be on this check coming up. I can finally go buy a new car! \ That is some exciting news. Do you already know what kind of vehicle you want?
Yes! Very exciting! Yes I had my eye on one all year. I cant wait \ Christmas is coming early. You will have to take me for a ride.
My little cousin gifted me for my birthday \ Very sweet of him. Did he surprise you?
Yeah definitely. it was very pleasant one at that. he earned that money while doing chores at home \ Nice! Hes a sweet kid. I bet that brought you joy as well.
I studied so hard and prepared for this exam tomorrow. I bet I will make no less than an A \ I am sure you will. Good luck for you!!
Thanks! It will be a breeze.  \ Whats kind of exam is that?
I am happy with my current employer. even though am getting a new jon offers \ That is good, maybe you can get a raise.
Yeah feel like it. I very content with the current one as well \ Will you work there forever?
I am so mad my flight got canceled. \ Ah that sucks, you were going for any business meeting?
Yes and it was an important one. \ i hope you didn't lose that client
I am not able to pay for my mortgage. I think i will lose my home \ Oh wow, that's not good at all
I know. i lost my job due to automation in the company. \ Yeah, that sounds no good, what will you do now?
Last week my daughter was born \ wow, you must have been out of this world
I was, I still feel happy, specially because of the hardships of the pregnancy \ Only woman knows the hardship and endurance of pregnancy. I am happy for you
I found my old diary in the basement. It brought lot of memories \ How nostalgic! Was there anything in there that surprised you?
my first love letter which i received. I have read that 5 times again lol \ That's so cute. How old were you?
I've got a big test coming up and I'm so worried! \ Don't be. i think you will ace it.
I hope so. I usually do better than I expect to, but that still doesn't make it any less scary. \ exam's are always scary. we just need to take the mind out of it
Boy this weekend is going to be hell \ What is going on this weekend?
I have a long drive planned.  About 9 hours.  I hate long drives :/ \ Are you driving with anyone?
I am so mad that I forgot my money at home. \ Uh oh.  Better go back and get it!
Yes but its a long drive. \ Oh dang.  Thats awful.  Maybe someone will let you borrow some?
I am really mad at my brother. \ Oh yeah? Why is that?
He stole some money from me. \ That's awful. Did you confront him?
I have a hot date this weekend. \ Is it your first date with her?
Yes it will be \ Where are you taking her?
A female coworker came onto me at work the other day, but I refused her advances because I love my wife. \ I am glad you love her, it must be a nice feeling
Yes, I just can't see myself being with another woman. \ That is a good thing then
I get nostalgic when I think about times with my parents in the past. A lot of different get togethers make me feel that way \ I feel the same way. The times you spend with family should be cherished forever.
Yeah, its times like that make me who I am today I feel like \ I agree, be grateful for those in your life because they help you become a better person.
My bank has called me three times a day ever since I applied for a mortgage. It's been a week and they show no signs of slowing down.  \ Why not block the calls?
I want them to be able to get in touch with me if something important comes up. \ Have you asked them to stop calling about this topic?
I know I will get my bonus this quarter. \ That's exciting! What do you plan to do with it?
I plan to go on a vacation. \ Wonderful! Where are you going to go?
I am so ready for Thursday. \ Are you looking forward to an event happening then?
Yes, it is a big party. \ Awesome! That should be a lot of fun!
I really love my wife so much! \ That is great, how long have you been married?
For about ten years now! I know I can depend on her for anything, so I appreciate that so much. \ That must be a good feeling.
I am ok with coming in third in my race. \ Third is very good! What kind of race?
It was a marathon. \ Oh wow! Do you do a lot of marathons?
My upstairs neighbors make a ton of noise at all hours of the night. It makes it difficult for me to sleep. \ Have you spoken to him?
No, I don't like to be confrontational. I'm moving in two months anyway, so I'm just going to wait it out. \ Maybe you should buy some earplugs.
I was the one who stole the camera from the studio. \ Hey you should give that back
Yes but I sold it already. \ Hey you should give the money back
Something weird just happened \ What happened?
I was sitting here playing games and heard a loud crash in my backyard.  I went out to look and it was the aliens!!! Did not expect that! \ Did you take a photo of them?
I had three interviews in the past month for a job. Unfortunately, none has called me back. Very disappointed in myself for being so clumsy and incapable \ Keep trying, never give up.
I don't know. I am trying to cope with these challenges. I am not sure how far i can go on like this \ Maybe you should go to a temp agency.
My pet toad died, I am so sad. \ I am so sorry to hear that. How long have you had him?
I have had him for five years. \ You must have developed strong attachments to him over all these years. To be honest, I am not an animal lover individual
I watched Wimbledon on TV over the summer for the first time. Those tennis players are so good! \ I love tennis. Will you watch the US Open?
Maybe. I hadn't considered it yet. \ It is a great tournament, you should watch.
I won the lottery, I never have to work again. \ Congratulations?  How much did you win?
5 million dollars, yahooo. \ Wow.  Now you can spoil yourself
Lebron needs to stay in Cleveland \ He already left for the Lakers.
But his home is in Cleveland \ He technically is from Akron not Cleveland.
I got something nice the other day, chocolates from my husband \ Wow that must have been a surprise for you
It was, and he does that type of thing a lot. \ you got a great husband
My bank has called me three times a day ever since I applied for a mortgage. It's been a week and they show no signs of slowing down. \ So are they telling you good news?
Not yet. I just filled out the prequalification online. I haven't officially applied yet. \ Oh okay. Well hopefully they give you a chance to breathe and decide what you want to do.
My husband hasn't planned a date for the two of us since we were married. Usually he looks for my input. I just found out that he is taking me somewhere special for the weekend. I can't wait! \ That is sweet of him, marriage can be tough at first, so at least he is trying
It can be, I also think life gets in the way sometimes. Things aren't always picture perfect as we hope. \ That is true, marriage is great in a vaccuum, but life pops the bag sometimes
I was confident when I won honor society preisdent in high school, I beat a really popular girl \ Was it a long campaign?
A few days, but it felt like forever at the time \ I bet it did
My mom said she was going to make me a mystery dinner. I believe in her! \ Ooh how nice! Do you have any guesses as to what she may be making you?
Nope! She was going to make something completely different from what she usually makes! \ Well I hope it's good! Your mom sounds like a great person to have a fun surprise for you like that.
I have problems with the city and their constant tax increase on my property. \ I know how you feel, it's terrible. I actually moved to a completely different state due to hi taxes.
Maybe A move out of my state would be the answer and a blessing to the high taxes.  \ It's worth it to consider. I pay less than half in property tax than I used to.
I met my wife online 7 years ago and can't see myself with anyone else, ever. \ You are so lucky to find someone special online. That can turn out so badly sometimes for some people. 
Oh I know. I got lucky, we found out we lived really close to each other so we met up and it has been great ever since. \ That sounds like fate? Being that both of you lived close to each other.
I always do the same, it's not had when they are perfect. \ Always do the same what? What is perfect?
My girlfriend, How about you? do you have a partner? \ I have been married for 19 years and we have been together 21.
 It felt good when Lebron left the Cavs for the Lakers \ Why is that?
Cause the cavs owner is an awful owner.  The way he threw Lebron under the bus and talks trash about him. \ Lebron isnt a saint though
I felt confident when I was able to study all night for a science test. I just knew I was going to do well \ how did you do?
I did well, not perfect but good enough \ were you able to retake it?
I close on my new house Monday, I didn't think I was going to be able to purchase it but I believed in my mortgage adviser \ I've been through that process before and it was not easy. Good thing you had a good adviser.
Surprisingly it's been a painless process. I'm very thankful. \ You have been very lucky. You should keep their business card in case you ever decide to buy another house.
I gave my friend some money that she said she would pay back but she hasn't yet.  \ I hate when that happens!
I really thought  I could count on her, but now I haven't even heard a word from her. Lesson learned I guess. \ That's how it goes. I usually consider the money as a lost cause when lending to friends.
I actually did this, i'm terrible. \ Did what?
I stole my mother's card details to pay for a subscription. \ I have too... to pay for food though. She told me that she would have paid if I asked but I am too proud.
My daughter has worked very hard to keep her school work finished, her room clean, and the dishes washed. I bought her a cell phone for her birthday this year. She is becoming a responsible young preteen \ Wow, watching kids grow up is hard. How has she been with the cell phone?
She has been good so far. We are trying to limit her access to it to just a few hours per day. She also had to "turn it in" at night before she goes to bed. \ That's great parenting! You have to trust that your children will make the right choices.
Yes, you do! Hopefully she keeps doing the right thing with it \ I am sure with your guidance she will!
We are going to Six Flags this weekend and my kids want me to ride the roller coaster with them. \ Sounds like found!   Are you scared of roller coasters?  I love them!
I'm really hesitant to get on. It's been a long time since I've ridden one and I don't think I'm going to like it at all \ I hope you do have fun!
When i lost my dog of 12 years i was devastated... \ I know how you feel! Our dog of 8 years past away last week spring. It can be so hard 
It is a horrible experience and i hope that i never have to go through it again, how did yours die? \ Same here. We don't know. He was perfectly fine the night before. We woke up to find him passed away at the foot of our bed. Do you know how yours passed?
I have been having some anxiety lately and made an appointment with a psychiatrist. I kept going back and forth about if I wanted to actually go \ You should go, Otherwise the condition could get worse.
I ended up going. I'm really glad I did. She has been a HUGE help for me. \ That is great news! fortunately doctors are there to help us and i'm glad they have helped you!
I got my paycheck and there was more money than I was expecting \ That is great, did you spend it on anything cool?
No, I decided to save it. \ That is smart as well, future you will appreciate that!
Before I met my girlfriend I felt lonely very often, I am glad that is better now \ I am happy that you have someone to share your life with.
Thank you, I appreciate it, I am glad things are going well for a change \ Keep the faith that it will continue.
I think that in the past i have spent time caring about things that aren't important. \ What kind of thing?  You could always change that in the future.
Money mostly. I just wish i could have enough of it to be set for life. \ Of course, but that is certainly not the most important thing in life, I hope you realize now.
I love thinking back to when I was growing up and the neighborhood we lived in. So many great memories. \ That's such a great feeling.
It really is. All the neighbors were so close, we even spent holidays together. It was like a really huge family all living together. \ That sounds really nice. I don't know my neighbors at all
Do you watch any YouTube at all? \ I watch everyday. love youtube!
What type of content do you like watching? \ I like self help, motivation, healthy living, and a little bit of conspiracy.
The other night I wanted cake when I woke up in the middle of the night  \ Oh I get those midnight cravings all the time!
The worst part was that there was a cake to be eaten! SO I DID! Lmao \ You want cake? Cake is there? Obviously you have to eat it! Lol
I had a septic tank issue and called a guy that I found a business card from and had him come out. He didn't have hardly any equipment with him and sounded like he didn't know what to do. \ Oh my goodness that sounds so bad! Did they charge you for the visit?
No. I just asked what it would cost to fix then told him I couldn't afford it to get him to leave.  \ You made the right move. They at least have to show up with that giant truck that sucks the tank dry.
I bought a big bag of M&Ms and I could not resist it \ If I had a bag of M&M's right now I would eat them for sure!
well that is what I just did, so far I have eaten half of it \ maybe save the other half for later. lol.
I do not think I can and feel ashamed that I cannot resist it \ That's ok, it happens to us all. Tomorrow is a new day.
My husband was teaching me how to make a steak. The flame was so warm! \ That sounds like a fun thing to do as a couple.
It was but I was so sad that I was so scared  \ Why were you so scared?
I will be starting Law School in January. \ That's seriously impressive. Sounds like a lot of work, though. Hope it all works out. Are you nervous?
I am.  It is a goal I have had but have never made the jump until now. \ Well, you sound confident. And applying and getting in is one of the toughest steps, so I'm sure you'll do fine.
I got all As in my first college semester, and it made me feel really good about myself \ Wow. That is great.  Not everyone can say that.
No, but I do think they made it a little easy to get As in some classes, especially the general education courses. I got an A in biology and definitely don't remember much from it \ Most struggle in their first year.  That is amazing that you did so well.
I appreciate it. I'm a little bit of an older student, so I didn't have much to worry about in the way of feeling overwhelmed \ I am an older student too so I hope things go well for me in school.
I've been feeling a bit nervous about my next decisions in life. How do I know what the right thing to do is? \ I know exactly what you mean. It's really tough but when I make decisions I try to stand on them and be willing to pivot if necessary.
I think the right thing to do is, if people around you know what you should be doing or where you should be going, they should tell you plainly. To not do that is providing them plausible deniability if you screw up. \ That sounds right to me. I actually have a few people around me that give me straight forward advice like that.
Sometimes I feel that I have more people around me that want to drive me like a horse rather than love me as a son. But, I guess that's not true. It's just my feelings. \ Sometimes it can be true. Don't be taken for a run 
In many circumstances, I feel as though I'm confused by situations in my life. I hope that everything turns out for the best. \ I hope that everything turns out the best for you too! 
I looked at my childhood photos the other day. I remember alled the fun I used to ahve  \ Oh really, that sounds nice. I miss childhood.
I do to. It was much easier then for me  \ Sometimes I feel as though our generation (assuming you're a few years around 30) really got a bad deal as far as the economy, politics, and the overall love in the country is concerned.
Oh man I can't wait to give my mother in law her house back. I just got a new place but have to wait a week to move in. \ Congratulations, that sounds like things are moving along at a nice pace.
A little slower than I want but at least it's going to happen. I'm getting very antsy though haha. \ That's understandable, I'm sure it will be exciting to customize and furnish your space.
I miss my old dog, I was thinking about getting another one but I'm not sure. \ How long has it been since you had your old dog?
It's been 2 years, so I'm out of the habit of walking, cleaning, etc. \ It might take a bit of time to get back into the swing of owning a dog. I'm sure you'll be ready soon if you still think it over.
I recently quit a really bad job, but I didn't have another job lined up \ I lost my job, so I know how you feel. It is tough not have a source of income. 
It definitely is. It took a huge leap of faith \ Sometimes you got to just do it and hope and pray all comes out like it should, and it usually does. 
I have to rely on my prayers and my belief in a high power to get me through not having a job and no money. \ Things work out. It doesn't seem like it but they do.
I remind myself all the time that it will work out and all will be good again. \ It will. I am sure of it.
In the past, I was given a loving home with parents that helped me and a career path I could have succeeded on, and I blew it. \ It's never to late to continue on that path or find a new one. Same happened here.
Maybe you're right. I just need help in so many different areas of my life... \ I always try to remind myself. Tomorrow is a new day. What do you want to do with yours?
My storage unit got robbed while I was moving to a new home. They took all my family antiques and precious items. \ That's terrible. I don't know what's up with this world anymore, it seems like things are always getting worse.
I know, thought about selling those things. wish I had done that. at least got money for them. \ Well if they were family heirloom or photographs, I don't really think the money would have been important. The family passes down antiques and precious items for keeping.
I know it's very petty of me but it is starting to bug me. My family has been very generous towards my adult sister as of late but have not really paid much attention to me. \ Have you tried talking to them about this? 
This has happened on and off for years, and I always try to talk to them. I usually get no response. It's led me to be self-sufficient fortunately. \ That's really frustrating, they'll realize only when you start distancing yourself from them
I remember a time where I was asked to help out with a kids camp as a volunteer and it was about 2 months ahead of time, so I completely forgot about it and ended up not going \ Did you hear anything about what happened at that camp in your absence? I hope there were no hard feelings!
no idea, I was too embarrassed to respond \ Sorry for the delay. I had a technical difficulty. Either way, I'm sure there were no hard feelings. A lot of people sign up to work those camps every year.
I was very sad when I found out that my neighbors houses were going to be demolished because the city ordered it.. \ Is the city going to build them new ones at least?
Nope. They bought them out at city valued tax prices and they have 60 days to find another place to live.  \ Well at least they bought them out and they won't be homeless. Still sucks though.
I told my girlfriend about my self harm habits a little while ago. \ How did she reacted to the admission to self harm? 
She was really sad, but she appreciated the fact that I told her.  \ Now that your girlfriend knows the problem,  the both of you can work on solutions and support together.
My friends wanted to bring me to laser quest for my birthday. \ Is that like a laser tag place? That sounds like a lot of fun! What do you think?
Yeah exactly. I wasn't sure if I'd like it or not and I was a little unwilling to try it out.  \ I've played laser tag a few times. I think you will have a great time! It's very high paced and noisy but that's half the fun.
My wife's out of town right now on business. She has to go on these trips a few times a year. I miss her a lot. \ That's completely understandable. Have you tried distracting yourself with hobbies or productive chores?
Yeah I do. I usually go out and catch up with friends a lot. Plus I know she's working hard to help provide for us, so I greatly appreciate it. \ That's the best thing you can do really. I hope she comes back soon for your sake!
I spent all of summer doing everything but studying for my final exam \ Oh that sounds worrisome, do you think you will pass?
I'm fairly certain I'm going to fail and I feel awful about myself, but I just can't get myself to do it. \ I'm sad to hear that but human nature is hard to fight. Honestly, if you have any alternative options or plans you may have to fall back on them.
I was able to find some Blue Bell ice cream on sale the other day. \ Any ice cream on sale sounds like a good time to me. I've never heard of Blue Bell though, is it any good?
Yea I love the brand it has almost a home churned style taste in my opinion. \ I'll need to find some and give it a taste myself! That sounds awesome.
Asked a relative to care for our pet while we were gone and the dog ended up missing. \ Oh no, did the relative say what happened? That sounds fishy.
That he got out and he was unable to find him.  Things are known to go missing when my brother in law is around.  We should have known better. \ It's an easy mistake to make, we're supposed to trust family, you know?
In a few weeks I'm going on my first ever trip to Disney World! It's taken me 30 years to get there and I can't wait. \ Thats great.  I love taking the kids to Disneyworld.  What do you want to see most?
The castle! That's what I've always dreamt about, walking down Main Street and getting the first glimpse of that castle. \ Yea you wont be disappointed.  Its wonderful there.
Oh boy I am livid! I just got this new couch from my family and my cats have already shredded an entire side of it. \ Oh no, that's such an awful thing for them to do. Do your cats often ruin things in the household?
No, that's what's very shocking about this! They're decent cats. I know they're animals who don't know better but I really liked this couch. \ Oh odd. That's a good way to look at it though; too many people get too angry with their pets over these type of things.
My friends and I had spent all day troubleshooting a new PC build that we had just completed. \ That sounds intensive! How did it go?
It went awful. It turned out that the motherboard or processor were defective and we had to deconstruct it to return both pieces. So much wasted time! \ I bet that was so defeating! I'm sorry to hear that. I wish there was better quality control with some of these companies that deal in parts.
It really was. At least my friend learned a lot about computers as we built it together! \ That's a good bright side to look at.
I found an injured spider with a leg missing in my bathroom a few days ago. \ Did you save it or kill it?
I saved it. I brought it outside and hoped for the best. \ It's missing a leg so its probably dead unfortunately.
I feel off my bike the other day. it hurt. \ Oh no! How badly did you hurt yourself?
A few scraps to my elbows but nothing major, i was just embarrassed. \ That doesn't sound too bad, it could have been much worse! 
I let my boyfriend make all or most of our decisions. \ And is he okay with that?
He would much rather it be that way. he is more calculated and experienced in life than I am. \ I suppose that makes sense. As long as both of you are happy with your relationship dynamic, that's all that counts!
I passed two trials that a company put me through and I only have three left. \ ooh, I bet you can't wait to finish!
You got that right! I'm feeling pretty happy about my performance and I think I'll get the job! \ I hope you get it! Good luck!
Hey, Any interest in video games? \ Yes I do play some video games.
great, I'm anticipating the release of Fallout:76 how about you? \ I've heard some very good things about it. It doesn't come out until November right?
I got really down this morning. I saw a treehouse on the side of the road and it made me remember mine. \ What happened to yours?
I outgrew it. It was a long long time ago back in my childhood. \ That is a real shame, at least you can hold on to your memories.
I spent hours studying for a final exam. \ How did they go? Did you pass?
It went amazing! I expected to pass but I didn't think I'd get a 91! \ Wow! congrats, you should totally be proud of yourself.
Isn't it annoying when your friends earn more money then you but you work just as hard. \ Sometimes life isn't very fair. I like to think of it as motivation to get a better job.
Very true. I suppose i just get a bit jealous sometimes. \ It happens, I think it's part of human nature. Just try and focus on your own well-being and you'll be alright!
It's been a rough day! My water heater is busted. Fortunately I got a plumber coming in that can fix it over the weekend. \ Dang that's a definite mood killer. At least you've got a fix on the way.
Yeah, it's rare in my area to get work done over the weekend. I'm thinking it could be done by monday, fingers crossed! \ One can only hope!
I found an old stamp booklet my girlfriend and I filled out before we started dating. \ That's very sweet! I bet it brought up a lot of feelings inside you.
 Definitely. I felt so warm and fuzzy on the inside, and so did she when I sent her a snapchat of it. \ You guys sound like you have a solid relationship. It's always great to find those little pieces from the early days.
I exams went really well this year, How has your year gone? \ Good for you!.  My year have been ok too so far.
Thanks, I am feeling a lot more confident in myself. Remember the year can only get better. \ You seem to be very hopeful!  That is great.
I don't know what will happen in the future if Global Warming is not stopped. \ Well from what i have read we will all be drowning which isn't good.
And the fires too, there have been a lot of those lately, seems that worse than ever. \ Yeah forest fires are getting really bad.
I'm pretty sure a girl at the convention was hitting on me. \ Did you get her number?
Nah. I have a loving girlfriend and I would never cheat on her. \ Good man, I have a lot of respect for that.
Had a good day today, i think i was prepared for everything. how has your day been? \ I'm so glad to hear that! Did anything in particular make it a good day? Mine's been awesome too!
Well i had a meeting with my boss who gave me a promotion today so i'm over the moon!. \ Sick, congratulations! Time to celebrate right?
For my camping trip, I brought with me my tent, camping chairs, mattress, sleeping bag, pillows, med-kit, bug spray, food and beer. \ That sounds like quite the checklist. I'm glad you brought the beer you might need it haha!
Oh yeah definitely. Never have I ever felt so ready for anything in my life. \ Well I bet you're going to have a great time. With that haul I don't see how you couldn't!
I really screwed up today! I was working on a big pot of pit beef, followed the old family recipe, and it tastes like garbage! \ Odd! Any idea where you went wrong?
Could've been a seasoning issue, I'm not too sure. I was so determined to make a good batch of this stuff! Oh well, I can always try again. \ Practice definitely makes perfect!
Kids grow up so fast, It seem like yesterday when mine were babies. \ How old are they now?
The oldest is 14 and is beginning high school next week. \ Soon they will be leaving the nest, hey?
I got attacked by a swarm of bees a few months back. Needless to say it hurt. \ How awful, besides painful, it must have been scary!
It was, they we're absolutely furious with me for some reason. \ Were you messing with them, maybe? or taking their honey?
My last year of high school I worked really hard and got A's all year long \ I am sure you were happy
It wasn't easy. I was working too but I did it. \ All that hard work was worth it I am sure
I was not sure I wanted to accept a new job offer. I did not know anyone at this job \ Making a change can be hard. Did you take the offer?
I did not, I was not sure enough \ It's always best to do nothing if your not sure.
I saw a man slap his dog on the sidewalk a few times while I was on the bus. \ Holy cow! Did you call him in?
I should have, but last time my girlfriend did that the police ignored it. I was so angry. \ Oh man!  Do you have a dog?
I just had to replace one of the window panes in my house. \ How come? And was it a pain to replace it?
I'm not sure what happened.  I had to have a guy come out to replace it, and couldn't meet him, so my wife had to. \ I hope he did a good job!
My said he did!  I had quite a bit of confidence in him, based on others' feedback. \ Awesome, I'm glad to hear that. Sometimes it's hard to find contractors with good reputation.
When I was a kid, all my friends had Yu-Gi-Oh cards but me. \ How come you didn't collect them? i loved them myself.
I think my parents found them expensive, otherwise I can't think of any other good reason. To be honest, I kind of envied my friends. \ Well, they are expensive and you didn't really miss much.
Do you remember the old video games you used to play? \ I do, as if it were yesterday. I remember most of my childhood through video games.
The nostalgic moments when you play them again is brilliant. You should try it. \ I really want to, but unfortunately my GameCube and N64 no longer function. Also a few of my favorite games are scratched to heck.
Oooo I was not feeling that good earlier in the week. I made some egg salad and I guess I didn't cook it right because I got very ill. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  Are you better now?
I'm almost there. It's a lot better today than earlier in the week. I think "ill" would be an understatement. \ I hope it is nor Samonella, just a temporarily bug.
I remember when my grandma was sick and we the grandchildren took turns keeping her company and helping her with whatever she needed. \ You guys sound like great grand kids, I bet she wholeheartedly appreciated it.
I believe so and it was a very sweet experience for us. \ I bet you guys were close and this certainly brought you all closer together. I'm so happy that you had these connections with your family.
Life seems to be going perfect right now, how about you? \ I'm glad to hear that! Things are really going great for me too!
Well that's even better news! i'm feeling hopeful for the both of us. \ Same here. Let's hope these good times stick around real long!
I took up running and I started seeing a huge improvement in my cardiovascular endurance. \ Nice, Was it hard to start?
Unimaginably hard. But once I got into it I couldn't stop. I'm feeling pretty certain that I'll hit my 5km goal in no time. \ Wish i could run close to 5km, i'd struggle with 100 meters.
My younger brother was playing an old Gamecube game that I loved to play back when I was a kid. \ That's cool. Man, those tiny disks were easy to lose. what game?
He was playing Paper Mario and the Thousand Year Door. What an awesome game! It brought back so many great memories. \ That's awesome. I get nostalgic about old games as well. 
A girl i went on two dates with wanted a copy of my house key, yikes! \ You barely even know her, what was she thinking?
I don't know, she said she needed a place to hang out between jobs. Stupid me actually gave it to her. \ I really hope she doesn't do anything bad to you. You seem like a nice dude.
Hi, I went on a road trip this summer. \ Sounds like fun!  Did you enjoyed it? How far did you go?
It was great! It was a long drive, but my husband didn't get lost. \ Great! love road trips!  I hope to take one soon.
It was a very busy week for me, but now that the weekend is here I'm looking forward to relaxing at home. \ Why has your week been so busy?
With work the kids and everything else, but I feel relieved that the weekday is over and plan to watch some good movies over the weekend and do nothing much. \ Do you know what movie you plan on watching?
My girlfriend forgot to order the Chinese food yesterday... \ So what happened? Did you end up ordering some once you both remembered?
Was annoyed and disappointed so i ended up having a sandwich instead. bad times. \ People make mistakes, it happens. 
My buddy drank way too much at a party and puked all over my favorite jacket. \ That sounds horrible, Did you wash it or throw it away?
I washed it and it came out surprisingly. But at that time, I felt so sick seeing what was happening to my jacket that I thought I was going to puke next. \ That is a really rough story, You should make him pay for another one.
A few months ago, a good friend of mine that I look up to attempted suicide. \ damn, is he ok now?
Thankfully he is. He's doing much better, but the thought still shakes me scared to this day. \ Did he go to the doctors for help? anyway i'm glad he is OK.
My dog puked all over the carpet a few weeks back. \ Oh nasty! That must have been a heck of a pain to clean.
Was absolutely disgusting but luckily it did come out easy. \ I wouldn't have thought it would be so easy, that's good!
The other night I found my cat laying dead in the side of the road  \ I'm so sorry for your loss, it isn't easy losing a pet. How are you doing?
It's tough. I was crying so hard that I had to call my husband to come pick us up \ Understandably so. I hope you feel better soon.
I drank too much and passed out a few months ago.  \ Oh no! Was it a fun night? 
It was, but it got scary at some point. Apparently people were trying to wake me up by shaking me and I would not get up. \ Oh heck! That had to be really scary for them! glad you're okay though! 
Yesterday I went to the supermarket with some old clothes I wear around the house not expecting to meet anyone I know, but I met my boss and his wife. \ yikes! That must have caught you off guard.
Yes, but it was to be expected after all, it is what happen when you dress like you expect to meet no one, I guess. \ Murphy's law i suppose. I'm sure it wasn't so bad though in the end.
My family dragged me along to visit an underground cave recently, I was pretty nervous.  \ Sounds pretty interesting.  How was it? Did you like it?
It was nice, after i got over the fear from being 23 stories underground.  \ Wow, That much!   Were you afraid to be trapped like those poor boys in Thailand?
I procrastinated on turning in a paper for a college class, and she ended up giving me a D for the course overall \ were you able to do any extra credit to bring up the grade?
I had some that I did, yeah, during the year. And she counted it towards the overall grade, but I don't feel like it counted for as much as it should have. \ That stinks. There's always next time!
I was disgusted the way the cavs owner treated Lebron during his two stints with the team \ Oh, very interesting. I'm not a fan of the owner either. Why do you feel that way, though?
I think owners should be professional because everyone is watching.  You treat your star like that? how do you treat the little average joe on the team. \ That's a fair point. But Lebron James is different, and probably seeks to try to really control the team he is on, so that can be difficult too
Last week I ate my husband's leftovers, even though I knew he was looking forward to it. \ Oh no! Did he take it okay?
I kind of pretended I forgot it was was his, and he believed me.  Or acted like it lol. \ That's sweet that you guys are able to let the small things go. It sounds like you have a great relationship.
I was packing up my house to move, and found my old yearbooks! It's so weird to look back and see how far everyone I knew in high school has come. \ Aww, that sounds interesting!  Are you in touch with many people from high school?
A couple people. Fewer as the years go by, unfortunately.  \ I get that.  It's weird when I forget the name of someone I knew for years.
My brother went on a low-calorie diet and began shaking everyday. \ Poor thing!  Is he felling better now?  I hope he quit that diet.
He quit the diet a while ago as recommended by his doctor. I was a little scared but I knew it was just side effects of a bad diet. \ Thank god he is ok.  There are very dangerous diets around, better be guided by his doctor.
I had a job interview yesterday and it went great, so I'm expecting for them to call soon. \ I'm in the same boat. I'm so happy to hear that and I hope you get the job!
Thank you!  I look forward to working for that company because it seems really nice and they pay good salaries. \ Companies that pay their workers well equals happy workers!
I let my brother drive my car for the first time yesterday. \ Were you nervous?
No, he's such a good driver. I knew I had nothing to worry about. \ That's awesome.  I'm glad he did so well.
In two weeks I'll be back teaching with a brand new group of kids. \ Are you excited for the new group?
I am, but slightly nervous too. \ Well, I hope it goes well!
Had a job interview the other day. \ How did that go?
I think it went alright, i was incredibly anxious about it. \ Those always make me nervous too. I hope it goes well for you!
I just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. I had to watch a lot of videos to make sure I knew how to do it. \ Must be hard when you can't physically see what you are doing.
It was, I did the back last. A youtuber gave a good tip to treat it like shampooing your hair. That really helped \ Yeah YouTube is a good source of information.
Last week I woke up to a really cute text from my girlfriend and a funny message from my brother. \ That's lovely! I love waking up to awesome texts.
Yeah! I had a moment of realizing how lucky I am to be in the position I find myself in, and felt really thankful for my life and the people a part of it. \ That's so wonderful to hear.
My cat tore apart my favorite book this morning \ Oh no that sucks! What book?
It a copy of the shining. \ Ah I've never read it before, I was hoping it would have been one I'm familiar with.
Ate my flatmates last chocolate bar earlier. \ Well, I hope they said you could have it.
Nope, i do feel a bit guilty about it but they should have hid it better. \ You could always replace it for them since you know you shouldn't have taken it.
I went bungie jumping with some friends but I was reluctant to jump. \ Are you scared of heights?
Yes, I don't like heights at all. I did eventually muster the courage to jump, however. \ I bet that was the ride of your life.
I recently rewatched on of my favorite childhood movies. \ Oh the nostalgia of watching old movies. What movie?
Mystery Men \ Unfortunately I've never heard of it!
My girlfriend spent a few days in the woods with no cellular service with her parents. \ How did that make you feel?
Really lonesome. I missed her so much. \ I bet. I'm not great at being away from my boyfriend.
Ever since I've been on these anti anxiety and depression medication, I've been able to socialize a lot more. \ That's great! What have you been doing to socialize?
Just talking to more people in general. For example, at a convention I was volunteering at.  \ What kind of convention?
I volunteer at a dog shelter every weekend. \ That's such a sweet thing to do.
Thank you, they're so cute! \ Dogs are probably my favorite pet. Maybe I should take up volunteering for a dog shelter one day.
I always try to tell my kids they need to be kind and understanding to others, no matter what. \ I think those are very important lessons. Do they always listen?
They try but it's hard when there are so many bullies at school. I wish other parents would try to do the same. \ I'm a parent and I wish the exact same thing.
I went skydiving a few weeks ago. It was certainly an exercise in trust. \ I used to want to do that so bad when I was younger. Was it amazing?
It was! And my tandem partner was great. I'm still alive, which is a testament. :) \ That's so awesome. I don't think I would have the courage now. Will you do it again?
Do you know how much work goes into video games? \ Not entirely, but I do know depending on the game it can take hundreds of people.
I was really impressed as some games it can take over 10 years. \ As a gamer, I'd love to know more about the games that take that long to make. Which ones?
I'm still upset over Lil Peep's death. \ Lil Peep died? when.
November of 2017. Almost a year ago.  \ damn, him and XXXtentacion we're really good.
My best friend for years and I got into a fight, I said some things I regret out of anger, she won't forgive me. This is awful. \ how long have you two known eachother?
15 years, it's so very bad. \ I think you just need to give it time. Hopefully she will come around.
I was hoping to get a new pet this year! \ What were you thinking? Have you been thinking it over for a long time?
No, we gave one of our bearded dragons away to a relative who is a teacher, however its too much for her and she wants to give him back \ Was she keeping him in her classroom? I can see how that can be a lot of work.
I miss my family members as they all pretty much gone now... \ Sorry to hear that.
Yeah, as you get older you have to face the fact of loved ones not being around forever. \ Yes. I have lost my grandma.
I almost died last year. \ That is a terrible thing to happen, I'm sure...
Yes I was very lucky. \ I'm happy that you are still here as well! Think of the alternative :(
I got a lot of hours at work for next month. I hope I can use it to move to a new apartment \ That's a great goal to set for yourself. Where do you work if I may ask?
I work for a company that releases standardized tests in the US \ Sounds important. I hope you're able to meet your goal!
My dog sheds so much I have to vacuum my room practically every 4 days if I don't want little tufts of fur everywhere. \ I love puppies! But they definitely are a lot of work in terms of their hair.
You're right. I'm just so irritated, even if it isn't his fault and I love the big goof. \ I understand. Our puppy sheds a ton too and he isnt even that hairy of a dog
The first time I went on a motorcycle, I was scared. But I knew my husband wouldn't do anything to hurt me. I trusted him with my life. \ It must be nice to have that kind of trust for someone, and motorcycles can be fun!
Yes, It was so much fun. I didn't want it to end. \ Awesome. I've only rode dirt bikes personally, but i definitely see the appeal. 
An old girlfriend contacted me looking for a one night stand, I had to decline.  \ Oh man! I hate one night stands!!
Hah, they can be fun. Though my partner would not have appreciated it!  \ Oh. Yeah. Probably not haha.
I start a new job in a few weeks and I'm nervous, I hope I'll like it.  \ Aw, I've been there, I bet you like it!  Especially after you get used to it.
Thanks! Change is always hard. But I am looking forward to new challenges.  \ That is such a great attitude!
When I was a kid, I watched Psycho at a sleepover on Halloween. \ That's terrifying! I bet you didn't sleep that night!
I actually avoided the shower for days!  lol \ HA! Are you a fan of horror movies now, or do you still find them scary?
I'll watch them now because my husband loves them, but they're not my favorite \ Yeah, me either, although there have been some good ones lately. Better stories, more plot. 
I had to borrow money from my parents to pay the mortgage. I am having trouble making ends meet. \ I am sorry to hear that,  I hope it is only a temporarily situation and you will be on your feet in no time.
Thanks I hope so too. I recently took on a second part time job so that should help. These are tough times for a lot of people.  \ Yes I know.  It hasn't been easy for me either, but I believe think will go our way pretty soon.
A friend of mine recently met George Clooney at a restaurant and posted a picture with him on Instagram! \ Wow that's so exciting! I bet he's a nice guy in real life. 
Yes she even spoke to him for while!  I wish it was me, I love the guy! \ Cool! That's so neat. 
We are really wanting wanting to buy a newer and bigger vehicle, but we're not sure if we can afford it. \ Oh no. Maybe you can find one that is used, or even rebuilt. I got my car for 75% less than what I would've paid from a car dealer!
Problem is we don't have a car payment now and going back to having one would be a struggle. We are trying to figure out and pay off bills now. \ Well, stick through it! I wish you luck :) 
I ate a whole gallon of ice cream by myself in one sitting and now I'm not feeling too happy. \ Oh, I could do that if I didn't have bad teeth and can't handle the cold. I would regret it if I did though because I really need to lose some weight.
Yeah, I'm telling myself that its okay since it was just a one time thing. I'll walk it off tomorrow!  \ Lol, burn those calories. Hope you have a high metabolism.
I can't believe I was so stupid to believe this... \ What happened?
My boyfriend.  I knew he cheated on me but he said he wouldn't do it again.  \ Well, you gave him the benefit of the doubt. It was his decision to cheat. 
True. Makes me feel so dumb though! \ Now you have more information to base your next decision on. You live you learn.
My uncle volunteered to fix my car. I was going to take it to the dealership. \ That's kind of him! Is he good at that sort of thing?
I thought so. Though I wondered, should I risk not going to the dealership. \ Yes you'd have more warranty kind of things with work from a dealership
I'm glad I let him fix it though. Car works great. \ That's awesome! I wish someone in my family was so handy!
Yeah. I saved $300. \ Wow! Maybe you should take uncle out for dinner! LOL
I love looking at old photos. Makes me miss the good old days. \ Me too. Old photos bring about such nostalgia.
Yeah, even ones from 5 or 6 years ago! Especially ones of the kids.  \ I can only imagine! When my parents open old photo albums of my siblings and I, they get teary-eyed.
My brother and a bunch of our friends planned to go to a 15-person cottage in July. \ Oh my, that sounds like an absolute blast!
It was. At that time, I couldn't wait for all the fun and games we would experience! \ Did you stay for long? That would be a great vacation. 
We stayed for only 4 days because it cost us about $200 each for four days and nights, but I hope we can book it for a whole week or two next summer. \ What a great time! Is the cottage on a lake?
It's very close to a lake, it probably takes a two minute hike down through a patch of trees and tall grass to get there. \ Sounds like heaven!
I'm in a wedding party tomorrow, and I've been called upon to give a big toast during the reception. \ Wow, that's such an honor.  How do you feel about it?
I am deeply touched and I've got everything laid out, but it's in front of a large amount of people and I'm sweating bullets over it. \ I'd be very nervous too.  I get stage fright.
I was thinking about a friend of mine who passed away a few years ago.  Then I found some letters that he had written me. \ I bet that whipped up a lot of feelings inside of you. I'm sorry for your loss.
It did, but it made me smile while reading them. \ That's great. It's just as good to remember the great times you spent together as it is to grieve.
I can't believe I thought I'd get away with this... \ Get away with what?
I'm doing awful in math class. We had an assignment and I found some of the answers in the back of the book.  \ Did you get caught using them?!
I did! It was awful. I got called out in front of everyone, too. \ Wow! That's terrible! Maybe next time just get a tutor instead of cheating!
You got that right. \ Sorry this happened!
So, I went to a bachelorette weekend with my girl friends. All of them were doing things their husbands would NOT be happy with, but I stayed far away from anything like that. \ Oh dear! What happened!?
They were kissing and dancing on other men. My husband would have been so upset if I was doing it, too! \ Oh my goodness! Good for you for getting away from that trouble!
I know! Some have them have told me how guilty they felt. I am just happy I didn't take part in any of it. \ Next day guilt when the fun is done. How awful. I wonder if they'll fess up.
Doubt it! \ Yikes. I'm glad you're not mixed up in that!
I was at work assigned to a project on a team. \ How did that go? Do you like that? 
Well. I ended up taking someone's work and passing it off as my own. \ Oh no! Really? Were they upset?
My spouse had a brief affair last year. It ended and we are still together. \ Who was it with?
A co-worker.  \ Were you more mad at them or your spouse?
I have always been faithful to my girlfriend of 2.5 years \ That's nice. Hard to find nowadays.
That is for sure, you see so many bad stories around the enws and people \ I know. I wish things were better!
I miss being a kid. \ I do too honestly, I used to play all these fun games with our neighbors late summer nights, it was amazing, but I took it for granted
I am tired of paying bills lol. \ I hear you there, that is the worst part!
Oh I was so shaking in my boots. I was sitting outside on my patio and saw a shadowy figure inside my house! \ What was it?  Did everything turn out alright?
At first, I jumped and ran in because I certainly wasn't expecting visitors. But it was my wife! She was home from work early! \ Phew! I'm glad that's all it was.
My son got in big trouble at school.  He was very mean to his best friend, and I had to call his mom and explain what had happened. \ That's terrible when friends fight. What was it over?
He wasn't even upset with his friend, he was upset with someone else.  I felt so bad having to explain it to his friends mom. \ That's got to be a tough phone call to make. Did you two make amends or is she very upset?
She was fine with it.  She knew he was in big trouble at home. \ Uh oh don't want to be that kid that's for sure!
New neighbors moved in this week, and they have a dog that looks almost exactly like my childhood dog. \ How interesting.  How does that make you feel?
When I first saw it I felt like I had time traveled for a second.  So weird. \ Yes, I think that would be a little surreal, and I might feel ambivalent about it.
I went to a family reunion at my grandparents' house. \ That sounds like fun, how was it?
It was enjoyable for sure, and poignant too.  It brought up lots of memories of my childhood. \ I bet!  When I got to family reunions there's always so much reminiscing
Oh I wish I could clear my closet out but I just can't part with these things. \ I felt the same way as you, but what's the point of keeping things you don't use and having it take up space? Do you use everything in your closet? 
I don't use it but I've collected so many little things in memory boxes. It's really grown to a few boxes now.  \ So the items are sentimental to you? I know how hard it is to part with items that have memories behind them, but at the end of the day, they are just items! :)
My father sent me a photo of a letter I wrote for his birthday when I was a kid. \ Oh how sweet! What did it say?
I wrote about how much I appreciated him picking me up from school everyday and helping me with my homework. So adorable to read it! \ I love finding treasures like that! 
Yeah, I'm glad he kept them because it's always amazing to find it later in life. \ I hope that I am able to share such nice things with my own kids one day.
Me too. I will keep every little drawing and letter they make me. It's worth it. \ I really enjoy that too!
I signed up to do a lot of food for a family reunion next weekend. I have to start getting supplies now for sure! \ That is a lot of work! But I bet the reunion will be fun. 
My family's reunions are incredibly memorable. I volunteered for a lot of desserts so I think it's fair to get started this weekend. I want to be ready. \ Yum, I love making and also eating desserts! Do you have a specialty?
I'm glad you asked! I make a mean german chocolate cake everyone raves about. It makes me feel good to help out. \ Oh that's one of my faves. My go to is cheesecake. 
I love cheesecake, I should do that as well. \ It's a crowd pleaser. I love the dips and apps at get togethers like that. 
I am a nurse and I take care of people in the last stage of their lives. \ Is that like hospice care? How do you deal with seeing loss so frequently?
Yes it is. It's really tough. I never stop caring about the loss. It's hard.  \ I'm sure you do a great job of making these people feel cared for and loved in their final times.
That's the best part. Some people are in so much pain it's a relief for them to go. Hard on the families though.  \ I bet it is. Thank you for giving your time to this type of work.
It's rewarding but also pretty high burn out. I take two really good vacations a year! \ You deserve them! That's excellent to hear.
I went to make a patty melt today and my bread was moldy. \ Oh no! I hate when I'm hungry for something and it goes wrong like that!
I know! It was a super specific craving I was having too. \ The worst! Did you find something else to eat?
I just had a salad. \ Better than nothing but still no patty melt!
So, my mom invited me and my kids on a road trip.  \ That's exciting. Is that something you want to do?
Kind of. I was worried because my husband wouldn't be coming along and my kids are very young, 3 years and 6 months. \ That could definitely be tough. Especially with a baby.
I was totally comfortable last night watching a movie with my boyfriend and eating popcorn. \ Really, did you get to pick the movie?
We both agreed on Fight Club. \ Oh wow thats always nice when everyone can agree on the same movie.
I had a chance to sell my stake in ice juice for a nice little profit. \ Ooh, did you go ahead and go through with it?
No, I want to keep it because I have faith in the company doing really well longterm. \ Nice, that's a good idea. Good luck!
Man I had a really cute girl hit on me \ That's always nice, how did you respond?
I told her I had a girlfriend but was flattered  \ That's cool, nothing wrong with being faithful. 
My daughter started kindergarten recently, i walked her in and met her teacher. \ Was she nice?
Very nice, I just cant believe how grown up my little girl is getting.  \ How old is she?
This has been such a great summer so far. I just got a new job in June and I bought a new set of wheels this week! \ Nice, jobs are ok, but a new ride is really fun. What did you get
I put money down on a Toyota Tacoma. It wasn't my first choice but it gets the job done for sure. \ Toyota's usually last a long time so it might be a good decision.
I lent my brother 200 dollars so he could buy cryptokitties. \ May I ask what a cryptokitty is? I am unfamiliar.
I really couldn't tell you some kind of digital cat, he says he will pay me back, so hopefully it all works out. \ Does he ask for money a lot or is this a first?
One time when I was in Kindergarten, I needed to go to the restroom. The teacher did not let me, so I peed myself \ Oh no! Did you get in trouble?
Yes, they called my parents and I was sent home. I got spanked \ Aww, I'm sorry. Hope that teacher learned a lesson 
I was talking to my boss and used a word that I didn't know the real meaning of. made a total fool of myself. lol \ Wow, was it embarrassing?
Totally. at least I know what the word means now so I can use it in the future. \ Dang! Well at least you got a good story to tell now!
Everyone wanted to go skydiving for my birthday. \ Do you like skydiving?  I would be terrified!
I'm pretty sure that my greatest fear is my chute not releasing and plunging through the sky into the ground. Oh well you only live once. \ haha, that's true but you can also live with your feet on the ground!
We've moved a lot of the past decade for my husband's job. \ oh really, hopefully its a pretty nice job cause moving is not fun.
yeah, change is so hard for me!  but it's been worth it \ Well at least you get to be with the man you love...hopefully
I get nostalgic thinking about all the games I used to lpay with my friends on our street \ I remember those games too. What kinds did you play? My favorite was flashlight tag.
Ball tag, ghost in the graveyard, kick the can, all the best games haha \ Ghost in the graveyard was a blast! I can't believe I forgot that one. It sounds like we both had great childhoods.
All of my friends have these great jobs and they get to travel to awesome places so often. It's not fair, having to watch them jetset and have a blast while I'm stuck working all the time. \ I get that, I am not sure how some of these people can afford the places they go!
It's ridiculous, everyone has to be so showy.  \ Yeah, that is not me at all, I barely post anything to people online
I just put some snow tires up for sale on the internet. I stopped using Craigslist awhile ago because of some bad experiences so I hope it goes okay. \ As long as you're safe about it. You can meet up at police stations too! 
That was my mistake in the past. I always went to weird locations to exchange things. I have to be smart about it nowadays. \ More people are open and into it so yo ucan always talk to your police about it
I didn't notice but I was walking around all day with a sock on my shirt!  \ Haha that's hilarious! Where was it at on your shirt?
On my back! I went to work like this!  \ Oh no! I hope your coworkers went easy on you about it. You must've had a lot of static electricity.
I've been married to the same person for over 34 years \ Wow. That's a long time. Longer than I've been alive! Congrats on your successful marriage. Got any tips?
Yeah, be fully committed, communicate about everything & let petty things roll right off. \ Thanks for the advice. I have trouble letting the petty things go but I think I'll learn to be better as time goes by. I wish you a happy marriage! 
My heart sank when I heard about my favorite teacher from elementary school passing away. \ Ohhhh, that's so sad. I remember (long ago) when that happened to me. Did he/she live a good long life?
I hope so. I heard it was cancer. He was always such a happy man. It's a shame. \ Yeah, that is a shame. I'm so sorry to hear about your loss. I know how important a great teacher can be your life.
Someone decided to slash my car tires, key my car, and bash in my windshield.  \ How awful!  Do you know who did it?
Probably a spurned former lover. Glad I had insurance. \ Yes at least there is that.  But it must be really scary to deal with someone willing to go that far.
I need to past a test next week but since I am well prepared I believe I will have no trouble doing it. \ Are you nervous? Or do you have amazing confidence in your ability?
I am feeling pretty good about it since I think I am very well prepared. \ Do make sure to get a good nights sleep before hand. That is just as important.
My husband and I decided we wanted a night to ourselves, but we've never let our son stay the night anywhere. I was pretty nervous.  \ How old is your son?
He's 3 now, but at the time he was about one and a half. We decided to let him stay with his grandparents that night. \ I can understand why you felt so nervous. A mothers attachment is rather strong to a newborn. You should get him a gaurd dog when he's a bit older if you still feel that way.
I've spent at least an hour a day on overwatch for the past 3 months. Altogether I have roughly 90 hours this season \ Wow! I enjoy watching Overwatch on Twitch occasionally. Would you say that's your favorite game?
I would say it's my favorite fps now by a mile. Cod became fecal matter 5 or 6 years ago. I'm hoping I can finally stop being a pleb and hit diamond next season \ I never got into COD and I tried Overwatch when it first came out but I wasn't very good. Fortnite on the other hand I'm alright at. 
I recently renovated my home and it's so nice to be done with all the work! \ That's awesome! What did you have done?
We painted, bought new furniture and installed new tile and light fixtures. It's so relaxing to be able to sit back and enjoy the new space we worked so hard to create! \ I can imagine. Things like are always so stressful, but so nice once they are completed.
Last month I went on vacation and had to find someone to cat sit. It was a relief to find someone that I could trust to come by each day and not forget. \ It's wonderful peace of mind to find someone you can trust with your fur babies! Did you have a nice trip?
Yes, I was able to go visit my stepdaughter on the other side of the country. The sitter sent pictures occasionally, so I didn't spend my trip worrying. \ Aw, that was so nice! I'd love to find a cat sitter like that!
I have to give a speech at my fathers funeral. I drew the short straw. \ It must have been a very difficult  speech, specially since I imagine you were really sad and moved.
Not really, I just needed to make sure that It goes off without a hitch. I don't want to embarrass my Mother. \ Of course,  do you feel prepared to do it then?
We are going camping next weekend and I have all the equipment to do it right, \ Make sure to bring smores and bug spray. I hate bug bites. and love chocolate 
Yes I have all of that plus everything else we will be needing. \ Make sure you bring something to drink as well. can get quite thirsty ya know.
I just moved back near family, and I'm feeling overwhelmed with how close knit everything is again. \ Oh I feel you! Every time I go back to stay with my family it feels... claustrophobic almost.
I'm very lucky to be back and around them though. They are truly generous people. \ I'm sure they are! Itll feel more normal soon, I am sure
I have to go get my tooth pulled soon. I hate the dentist \ What's wrong with your tooth? I hope it's not too painful of an experience.
It's an impacted wisdom tooth, it is stuck under my gum line \ Yikes! I've had that before. My thoughts are with you. I'm sure the dentist will take care of it though.
I've been working at my same job for 12 years. \ Wow. That's quite the feat nowadays. Do you still enjoy it?
Yes I do.  Its a fun job. \ Is it a "never worked a day in your life" situation?
Yes I am a skydiving instructor so it is fun \ Oh wow, yes I would imagine that is fun. I am jealous.
On a recent trip there was some bad weather that caused my flight to be delayed several hours. It was already late so i was afraid they would cancel the flight altogether. \ That is no good!  Did you manage to get on it?
Yes! Thank goodness. They didn't cancel. I just got home much later than I had hoped. \ That is lucky.  At least you made it home the same day.
My son had his 4th birthday a couple of weeks ago. \ How did it go? What'd you get him for a gift?
He got a remote control excavator, and had a lot of fun at his party.  It's crazy how fast he's growing up, though. \ It seems like all those years just flew by, huh. At least now he's getting old enough to start remembering all these great times!
I have a distant relative that's been abusing their dog, and I have to rescue it from their property. \ That's awful.  What are you going to do?
I'm bringing some backup with me to start off. I'm going to just be direct and take the dog. If that doesn't work I'll have to get animal control involved. \ What type of dog is it?
I literally ate all you could eat at a chinese buffet \ LOL, I bet you couldn't move after that.
I had to go home and lie down for the greatest nap of my life. \ I bet, although with chinese you can eat it again in an hour or so.
My brother told me that he won a 75" TV from work. He says it looks good with his new Xbox! \ Interest are you going to try and get him to sell it?
No, I have no where to put it but I'm going to his house to watch football for sure. \ That will be fun, maybe he will even let you play his xbox on it.
i was surprised when my parents gave me a car as my graduation present from college \ How exciting for you. What kind of car is it?
It was a ford focus, it was actually a car I had and was in the process of paying off, and they just gave it to me! \ That was so generous of them.
I told something to someone that I had promised to keep a secret. \ That is not nice! People do that all the time as long as the person they tell is closer to them
I felt bad afterwards for what had happened. I am a very nice person. \ Everyone believes that of course, but I believe you, people make mistakes
Recently went on a family vacation to an old spot we used to go when we were all younger. It was nice to see old stuff and talk about old times. \ Sounds very nice, you must have felt nostalgic for the old times, right?
Oh for sure. I'm always a sucker for nostalgia. \ Yes me too, it is for that reason I avoid looking and old pictures when I don't want to go that way.
I am old enough to remember the times before internet and social media when people you spoke over the phone or in person. \ Same. When you had one phone in the middle of the house with the SUPER long phone cord so you could at least get around the corner to talk.
That's it!  I guess I miss having what I believe where much more  meaningful contacts with people on a daily basis. \ I agree. The convenience is nice now, but the quality is much lower.
My wife's grandmother passed on a couple weeks ago. It's still eating at me to think about it. \ Were you close to your wife's grandmother?
I had become close to her as of late. She was a very strong and respected woman. \ That is very heartbreaking. Im sure she had a very positive opinion of you as well.
I think she did. We got along very well and she was always happy to see me. \ Im sure your wife also appreciates you getting along with her family.
My daily life consists of getting up, going to work or going to college. I miss being young and spending my day playing videogames and playing outside \ Those times seemed much simpler didn't they? Do you ever break out of the routine?
If im not studying or working I usually go out for a run, practice piano or do surveys online to make some extra cash \ I see. How do you like playing the piano?
Its hard at first, but with practice comes perfection. \ That's the spirit. I bet you're a wonderful pianist.
One night during college I got a phone call in the middle of the night that one of my best friends had been killed in a car wreck. \ That sounds terrible! you must have been devastated!
Absolutely. It was really the first time I had lost someone close to me, family or friend. \ It was a terrible way to comes to term with dead, I'm so sorry you have to go through that.  I hope time have healed you.
Even when it has been a rough year, I am now feeling that things are beginning to go my way and I can expect good thing for the future. \ Awesome! Anything exciting on the horizon to treat yourself?
Sure, there are a few things... \ What's the one you are most excited about?
My birthday was a few days ago, I can't believe my wife had the wait staff sing to me. \ I love when I'm at a restaurant and that happens. Happy Birthday, by the way!!
Hah, its good entertainment, but i don't exactly enjoy being in the spotlight. Thanks! \ Everyone always looks so happy and it makes people around you happy, but I understand not wanting to be in the spotlight
I recently got married and I'm so lucky to have found someone who enjoys doing the same things that I do. \ Congrats! It is nice to find someone with things in common. Shared interests can be fun.
Thank you. It is nice. This is a second marriage for us both and I like that we are both happy with things just the way they are, no high expectations \ I'm on my 2nd as well. I like to think that we will do things more wisely the second time around. best of luck to you both!
I haven't slept well this week at all. The county has been drilling outside my house for 12 hours a day. \ Well that stinks.  What are they drilling for?
They're ripping up the road to just re-do. I'm not saying it's unnecessary but it's sure driving me nutty! \ Are they almost done with it?
It's really hard to get motivated on Fridays. \ Are you feeling zapped from the week?
Yeah, there's a lot going on.  I ended up heading to work anyway. \ I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you don't have to work through the weekend!
No, I don't have to.  But there's plenty of work to do on our house! \ It never ends does it? I hope you keep your head above water though, it's all you got sometimes!
I really though I was going to be accepted in med school, but I wasn't. \ Oh no what happened?
I don't know and now I don't know what I am going to do with my life either. \ That is sad.  I am sure you can come up with a good career.  What do you like to do?
I lost my wallet last week \ Oh that is the worse.  Dis you find it at any point?
My friend freaked out but I was pretty sure I left it at a restaurant and I trusted in my fellow humans to turn it in \ And who was right in this case?  Dis anyone turned it in?
I'm waiting to hear back from the nursing program I applied to for my degree \ That's exciting and nerve wracking at the same time I bet. How do you feel about it?
I think I will get in since my board exam score is good, and my GPA is high. I don't want to be too confident though! I heard the program is competitive. \ For sure. Well good luck! Nurses are very under-appreciated. I hope you get.
I recently had the opportunity to help out at my local Second Harvest food bank. \ That is so sweet of you! How was your experience?
It was great. I was with a good group of people too. We made it fun. \ I bet it feels good to know that you're helping those in need, too!
I'm happily married and employed, life is in a pretty good spot right now. \ That is awesome, having a significant other and a good job can make a huge difference! 
For sure. I've had some unstable times in my life. I'm thankful to be where I am now. \ Those times can help shape you and make you appreciate the good times even more!
Absolutely!  \ It is always awesome when work and married life get along, without getting in the way of each other. 
Yesterday my car ran out of oil and broke down. I could not believe I would let such a thing happen! \ Oh no! Did it do any meaningful damage?
The engine is totally shot, its not designed to run without any. So now I have to go shopping for a new car.  \ OUCH. New car is cheaper than replacing the engine?
The new car is more expensive than a new engine. But I can't justify such a costly repair on my car.  \ Yeah I get that. Plus I guess the value goes way down doing something like that.
I was in a big party city and the street was crowded with people. As I was walking my foot got tangled up on something and I went face first into a huge flower bed. \ Ouch! That must have hurt.
It hurt my pride more than it hurt my face. \ Don't worry, people won't remember within a few months.
That is true. Plus it was a big party area so Im sure a lot of them drunk anyway. \ That's what I was thinking.
I bought a bunch of dumbbells, and a workout bench but I've barely used them. \ I feel that pain. Do you not have the motivation or just dont know what to do?
I don't have the motivation. I know the workouts I should be doing but also struggle with proper form a bit. \ I get that. Well if I could give any advice it would be make sure you have proper form over anything. Dont worry about heavy weight if your form is garbage.
Thanks for the advice! \ Sure. I love working out. 
I'm much better off now but I just got out of a time of my life where I was isolated out in a rural area away from a lot of people. \ that can be tough but it also can be great to have time for yourself
At first I felt that way, but over a period of time it can get very overwhelming. \ i can see where isolation can be overwhelming and the need for social contact is desirable and needed
i have a impacted wisdom tooth. I need to go to the dentist but I am apprehensive about it. \ How much pain are you on a scale of 1-10?
on bad days it is about a 6 \ Dang that sounds bad! I know you might be frightened of going but I think you should go. You'll be better off for it.
School is about to start. We are ready. \ Ugh I remember those days! All the shopping, making sure to look good for the first day! good times
Yep. My daughter is so excited. I am glad summer is over. \ Me too, I am looking forward to winter and christmas, much better in my opinion!
I have always been faithful to my girlfriend of 2.5 years \ congratulations. marry her
I am thinking about it, we are still young \ then maybe you should cheat.
Literally anytime I order something online and I get the tracking I immediately start checking it. I am so impatient waiting on stuff to come. \ Yes I know I am like that too, I can't wait for my new stuff to arrive, I feel like a child on Christmas waiting for Santa's gifts.
Yes. Every single time. I know better. But I just cant help myself but to check over and over \ I guess it is kind of fun anticipating the arrival of the packages.
My boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife.  \ Oh that's exciting. Are you nervous to have them over?
Yes I am. Many things could go wrong I hope they don't or I probably won't be getting a raise and worse still I will be to embarrassed to ask for it. \ I bet it's all in your head. I am sure it will all good smooth.
A few years ago, I was invited to Rockfest by my older brother and his friends. \ That was nice of them! I bet you felt really cool hanging with them. How did it go?
Yeah it was awesome! I was a little scared at first but within a few hours of arriving there it turned into a total blast! \ That is awesome! I love festivals, they're always great to unwind and even just walk around talking to people.
We just got a new puppy, a real water dog. We have been trying to get it to swim and today he did for the first time! \ Aww that's so cute! Was it tough trying to get it to swim?
At first, he was curious about the water but had a scared look in his eyes. But he did it! \ Proud of the little pup!
Last night I was running in the road in a very lonely place and a car began to follow me slowly. \ That's so creepy and scary. What happened next?
Yes, thank god I just took a picture of the car and pretend to be sending it and the car just went away quickly. \ Why are there so many weirdos in this world? I'm glad you made it out safe.
My daughter snuk out the window last night. \ What for? I hope it wasn't for anything dangerous.
Cops brought her home this morning. She was still drunk from the party she went to. \ That's a little dangerous. I'd definitely talk to her about why you didn't allow her to go to that party, and maybe she'll realize that what you're doing is for her own good.
I want to lose wait and I'm trying to eat less, but just a few minutes ago a had some sugar cravings and ate a whole package of cookies. \ Yes I understand!  It is so hard to lose weight!
Yes, and now I feel awful about eating those cookies. \ Yes.  Chocolate is my nemesis.  I think it is more addicting than cocaine
My dog died of old age last year and I miss her \ How sad to lose a dog you love! Ta least she/he died of old age, she must be in doggy heaven.
Yes.  She was the most wonderful dog ever \ I know how you feel, there must be two of them though, because my dog is the most wonderful dog ever too!
Last year I was about to run my first 50 mile race.  I had broken my toes a few weeks before and wasn't sure I was going to make it. \ Ouch, that's unfortunate. Hopefully it turned out okay though?
It did, thankfully I had listened to my doctor's recommendations and it healed up just enough.  It was still a pretty nerve wracking start though. \ I can imagine, talk about bad timing injuring your toes!
I'm gonna take the family out to the lake this weekend, we might rent a boat.  \ That sounds like a great way to spend the weekend.  What type of boat are you thinking about renting?
Maybe a pontoon boat, depends on what they have. Should be a nice way to unwind. \ Absolutely, nothing like unwinding after the work week.  I hope you'
When I was a kid I threw a rock at a boy. It hit him on the forehead and made a big gash. I felt so bad about doing it. \ Oh no! Did you get in trouble?
It's hard to believe but I didn't. I honestly didn't think it would hit him. He had been fighting with my little brother and I was just trying to scare him off. \ Good for you for standing up for your little brother. hope the kid is ok though.
I was looking through my old family album and realized I had a really good childhood. \ Sometimes when you are looking back at a situation you get a whole new perspective now that you're away from it. I'm happy that you have that realization.
Me too. Makes me really miss my family. \ Are they gone now or is a reunion possible?
I was at the store and some old guy bought my groceries for me. It helped restore my faith in humanity \ God's Plan! Do you know why he did it?
No, he just said he felt like doing something good! \ Dang, I wish I could have it happen to me someday!
I studied endlessly for my biology final, and while I was taking the test, I felt good about my responses \ That's great!  Such a satisfying feeling!  Did you get a good grade?
Yes! I got an A. It was definitely satisfying to see that my hard work paid off. \ I hope you were really proud of yourself :-)
My family is finally settled down in one place after moving around a lot. \ That's really good news. It must be frustrating to move from place to place constantly. Is your family happy with the place?
Very happy!  It's so nice to be able to put down roots, to finally feel at home. \ I hope you and your family enjoy the new home.
I have a friend with loaded parents. She doesn't work but has anything she wants anytime she wants. \ Wow, must be nice. My parents were really poor- still are. 
Mine aren't poor but they aren't loaded. They struggle. Same for me. I work my butt of for what I have. \ Yeah me too. I like that though, I like earning my way. 
Same. I do wish I had a little bit more money to do a few more things though. \ I often dream about winning the lottery!
I love walking my dogs on these late summer mornings. It's still cool, the sun is shining, and I still have two more weeks off. \ Amen. What kind of dogs do yo have?
A boston terrier and a chihuhua cross.  \ Aw little guys. Do they walk well on the leash?
Most of the time, until we see another dog.  \ That's about how mine is. He is a bit bigger so he pulls a little harder. I found using a harness has helped.
Yeah, I use that too! What breed do you have? \ He is a mix breed. We don't really know.
Lately, my neighbors want to sit around and gossip about the family across the street. They love to talk bad about them even though it's clear this family is struggling. I'm sick of it \ I am sure you are, that sounds bad
It's awful! How are people okay with being so cruel? \ There are just bad people out there
I really went into care mode when my dad got sick. I just made sure he was going to be okay \ That takes a lot of strength to be able to do that. A lot of people would just break down instead of trying to help however they can.
I just knew what I needed to do to help \ Good for you, I'm sure your dad is so very thankful for you.
The new school semester starts in a few days and I have all of my supplies ready! \ That sounds great! Are you excited?
I'm very excited. This year is crucial for my degree's program and I want to make sure I raise my GPA. \ I hope you accomplish everything!
I saw a dog on the side of the road that had been hit by a car, it was so sad \ Oh my goodness. That must have been traumatic to see. Do you know what happened to the dog?
No \ Well, I'm sorry you had to see that!
I had to do a lot of learning to knock out a big project at work. Finally finished and ready for another. \ Hey, good for you! That takes stamina. What was the project?
For sure. It was a software coding project for a client. A lot of which I did not understand at the start. \ Well done! That was a challenge. 
Thank you. But now I have it ready for the next one. \ It always feels good to wrap up a big project. 
I believe that most people are good people, deep down. \ I agree with that. I always try to give the benefit of the doubt at first.
I am a high school teacher and it's hard to keep that in mind sometimes \ Oh man. Bless your soul! I bet that can test your patience.
On the best of days, yes! I love it though.  \ Im sure it can be highly rewarding too.
A bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, I was so scared \ I'm glad it's over and nothing happened. do you have an underground shelter?
No, I live in an apartment \ Oh, I would be scared too. apartments seem safe unless the roof gets ripped of of coarse.
I am saving up my money to buy a home next year sometime. I think it can happen. \ Are you excited?
I am so excited. I'm thinking of all the things I want to do to it and I don't even know what it looks like yet. \ I hope you do it!
I return to work in September to a new role. I'm excited but anxious.  \ congratulations! that is exciting. How long have you been waiting for this.
I got the new role in June, so not too long. It's within my organization.  \ Very cool. I wish you all the best.
Thanks! I'm sure I'll love it. What do you do? \ I'm a freelancer
Oh cool. That must be quite liberating.  \ started out slow but now it is!
I woke up this morning to find that my dog pooped on my brand new rug! \ Oh no! Not the old pop on the rug trick. Did you yell?
It was too late. He did know I was mad at him. I could tell he knew he did wrong. \ What kind of dog? I have a boston terrier. She's the cutest. 
Aww I like those. He is a little shitzu.  \ Oh cute! What a devil. 
yep, spoiled little brat he is. \ Mine too. Can't help it, those eyes!
I was at the fair, and I spilled my drink all over myself \ Oh no! Did you have to go home and change?
Yeah \ What a bummer! Sorry to hear that. 
I am a very committed spouse. I have been married 15 years. \ That is so cool! Im not married yet
DO you think you'll ever want to get married? Marriage can be hard.  \ Maybe, im not sure yet
I felt so badly today because my son overheard me yelling and cursing out his dad because he was late picking up our son.  I didn't mean for him to overhear that but I was really angry.  \ Aw that's tough!  Have you talked to him about it?
I haven't had a chance yet since he's still with his dad.  I hope to call him later tonight.  \ It might have upset him but I'm sure he'll understand!  Everyone loses their temper sometimes and it's not like you didn't have a legit reason
We're waiting to see what size my husband's bonus will be.  This is the first year he's eligible for anything bigger than a Starbucks gift card lol \ I hope it's a lot more than just a gift card but at least Starbucks should be a lot of money because it's so expensive there!
haha true, prices are insane there!  We're hoping to be able to afford a new roof this year \ oh yes then you need much more than a starbucks gift card!  good luck!!
When I was younger, my best friend and I worked together.  She ended up getting the promotion that we both wanted. \ I am sorry that must have been tough.  She probably felt bad for you.
I'd been working there longer so it really stung.  Our friendship survived though! \ That is great because friendships are very important
I have many health problems that require me to see many different speccialist \ That's awful!  Will you be feeling better any time soon?
I am working towards that..I have been lucky to find some great doctors which I am able to put faith in because my life is essentially in their hands \ I am so glad you have doctors that you can trust!
My neighbours just bought a new car and put in a pool. I feel like I just can't get ahead- I can barely pay the bills. \ Ok,thats lovely
For them it is, I guess.  \ Its shows a lot of care
I had to walk bare footed to a point \ A point of what? Like, of land?
I was looking for a shoe mender \ Oh boy. I'm not sure where you'd find one. That's pretty old fashioned. Did you find one?
Someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested I withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time \ Oh no! That must have put you in a bad position. How did you handle it?
I did my best to speak around the subject to anyone that may have otherwise brought it up, Luckily no one ended up being at all the wiser \ Sounds like a great way of handling a potentially sticky situation - good job!
I had a super stressful week and ended up cheating on my diet last night by eating pizza and cake. \ Uhoh. Hopefully you were able to stick to your diet throughout the week, though. One off day ain't so bad. 
Yes, otherwise I had stuck to it - but my weekly weigh in was this morning and I was up two pounds. I felt so irritated!!!! \ That sounds it. As long as you keep with it though, results have to happen. The hardest part of dieting has got to be the hiccups, anyway. 
They are too good to me \ hi friend who is too good to you?
My frisds \ that's good though! I bet you're grateful.
I had the chance to look through my girlfriend's phone while I was in the shower, I decided not to because I felt I could respect her privacy \ Thats so cool of you
i hope so i hope i did the right thing \ Yea,thats the right thing to do
MY electriv bill is through the roof this month. \ Yikes, did anything out of the ordinary happen?
We went on two vacations so I thought it would have been lower. \ That is weird, sorry to hear that, paying more money is never fun at all
I was impressed when my friend was our valedictorian in high school \ Wow that's awesome.
Yeah, I was proud of them, I was surprised when i heard the enws \ Why so surprised>
We have to make an expensive repair to our car. \ I know! That must be frustrating. Do you have enough money to cover it?
We do technically, but it's really frustrating because we also have to replace our roof :-/ \ Oh wow... it seems like bad things always hit at once like that. Hang in there - I hope it will get better for you!
I'm a bit nervous- I have an upcoming certification exam to take for my teaching license and it's a big deal. \ That's an amazing accomplishment!  I'm sure you'll do great!  Have you been studying a lot?
I've been studying a WHOLE lot - so I think I'll do okay, but it's still making me feel nervous. \ I hope you can stay calm, you seem really well prepared!
I wanted to go out but I couldn't take my small kids. I hadn't ever had a babysitter but I knew my sister would take good care of them.  \ I'm sure it was scary to leave your kids for the time but at least it was their aunt and not a stranger! 
They did great. I knew I was worried for nothing! \ Oh that's so great - and now you can feel comfortable leaving them with her more often!
All my friends signed up for horse back riding lessons but I'd never been before and was scared.  They convinced me to sign up and take them! \ It does sound like fun, though. Did you have a good time?
I wouldn't say it was a good time but I'm glad I tried it! \ Are you ever going to do it again or are you done? I went when I was a child. 
If we can believe and trust in each other,the world will be a better place \ True. Easier said than done though. How can we be?
Is not an easy task but we can try \ Definetly! it starts with a single person right
There was a group project due and we had a meeting, but i missed it because it was my 21st birthday. wasnt my best day \ Oh no,that did not go welll,so sorry about that
yeah, but i learnt from it and also had a good birthday! \ Thats good dear,congratulations
I had a c-section scheduled to have my baby. I was very excited about seeing her but very nervous about the surgery.  \ Did  you layer had the surgery?
I had the surgery and everything went great. I was glad it was over!  \ Oh,congrats dear
Some of my collegues wete sacked by the management \ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that! That must have been upsetting.
Honestly,i was just lucky not to be among \ Then you must have felt relief.
I had an okay job, not a great job but it paid well, working as a commercial truck and trailer repair technician. After a few weeks on the job I fell into a deep depression after getting injured at work. \ oh I am so sorry, I am assuming the injury was serious?
No, it was minor. I had a previous injury to my arm, not sure what is messed up in it really... Doctor said it was just a sprained wrist but it was obivously more serious, the doctor didn't really care. \ oh man I hope you got a second opinion? I would be so worried about your injury. I am so sorry.
i farted in a barnes and noble once and someone smelled it. \ Hasn't everyone done so at some point?
haha I guess so. But they knew it was me... \ Atleast it wasn't in class at a college or something, right?
yeah you're right I shouldn't feel so bad then. \ I wouldn't sweat it, chances are you won't see any of those people again right? Even if you do, it's unlikely they'll remember you let alone your smelly fart.
I was looking through pictures of when my kids were young. I can't believe how tiny they were. It made me remember the times when they were tiny.  \ oh my gosh that's so cute! I bet they were the cutest.
They were so sweet and little. Time passes so quickly.  \ I'm sure it does, I don't have any of my own but I would be really sentimental.
I am worried about going back to school, I don't know if I should do it. It can be hard. \ Yes, but think of all the opportunities it can open up. Don't let fear stop you!
you're right! I guess I am just very cautious you know. \ I know, but I'm sure you'll do great! I went to school for many years through a Master's degree, and although it was hard, it was worth it. 
I spent 2 hours helping my daughter with her homework. I found out today she never turned it in. \ Did she forget it at home or did she just not bother turning it in?
She just didn't bother. She won't even get credit for turning it in late. What a waste of time. \ Be happy that you were able to spend some time with her and sharing personal time with her by helping her with her homework. Not many parents do that for their children
I had just went on my break after a long morning at work, so I got chipotle. As soon as I stepped out of my car with my food, I dropped my bowl on the floor \ oh no! I bet you were so mad! were you able to find something else to snack on?
It was pretty heartbreaking honestly, I really looked forward to my steak bowl. I just ended up getting some chips from the vending machine to fill my stomach at least a bit \ That is heartbreaking. That sounds really good. Never purchased one of those.
I have many health problems but I feel so lucky to have a great support system in my family \ It is very important to have a good support system with health issues, especially if there are many. It helps to know that you have people that are there if you need them.
It really is!  It is wonderful to know how much they love me! \ Health problems can have a devastating effect on a person if they are alone, so it is wonderful that you have love and support.
It is good to remain faithful if you are married. Faith and trust are important in a healthy relationship. \ I am completely agree.  How long have you been married?
I have been married for 14 years now. We've had our ups and downs, but a good relationship takes work. \ Constant work and attention is key to a great relationship!
