Dealing with the passing of my mother-in-law was hard. My wife really struggled, I hope I did enough for her. \ I'm really sorry to hear that. When did she pass away?
Thank you. It was just a couple of weeks ago. Still hurting here. \ I'm sure with time the pain will pass. Try to stay positive!
During the day today, I was in an Uber when it crashed. I'm just thankful no one was hurt! \ Oh my! That is so scary. Thank goodness you are ok. Was it the Uber driver's fault?
It was both drivers faults. They should have both paid attention. It could have been worse though. \ Absolutely. Knock on wood, I've still never been in a car crash. Make sure you go to the doctor if you have any pain over the next couple of days.
My grandfather invited me over and made us an awesome dinner today. I was so hungry.  \ What did he cook that is such an exciting way to spend your day with your papa.
He made us a pot roast with carrots and potatoes. It's melt in your mouth good. \ That sounds so delicious I would have loved a plate of that food any deserts 
Someone buggy was in the way at Publix and I tripped and fell in the aisle.  \ That sounds painful, I hope you were okay after your fall. 
I was ok just the look on m face let you know I was ashamed lol I turned red instantly.  \ Yeah i bet that was really embarrassing, but I'm glad you're okay. 
I walked in on my buddy and my girlfriend in each others arms \ Thats sucks
I was just hurt really.  How could I fall in love so easy. \ If you did it that time, you can do it again. Just be careful
I took my 13 year old shopping for schoo clothes today. \ Did they grow out of last years?
Yes, but she didn't like anything in the store. We didn't even buy anything I was so upset. \ oh my lord.  Kids,  they can never make up their mind.
I got a new job that pays a lot more than my previous one. I should be able to pay off my home sooner now \ Financial stability is such an amazing thing.
Yes, it is. I was at my old job for over 4 years and never got a raise. \ Its hard to feel under appreciated at work.
Once I accidentally farted very loud in school. \ Oh no, were you in class?
Yes!! and I was yawning so I didnt really hear it.  But everyone else did. \ That's actually quite hilarious.
When I heard my brothers name called for graduation i could believe the emotion i felt. \ That's so sweet! What a proud moment!
watching him struggle all that time,  It was nice to see him win. \ That's great. What is he going to do now?
I have some friends over for dinner today \ How was the dinner.  Did they like the food?
I chicken parm, but I burned all of the garlic bread. It was a disaster. \ Oh no! was it atleast fun to have everyone there?
I asked my coworker out. She said yes. I never thought she'd agree. \ YEAH I am happy for you, I hope things go well.
Thanks a lot. She's a really nice person. Even if things don't work out, I hope we'll be great friends. \ Exactly, It doesn't have to end romantically, as long as its a relationship.
I couldn't wait to give my speech,  I was positive it was going to be well received. \ I'm glad it went well. What was it about?
I was trying to convince the convenience of laptop over desktop computers. \ They have their different pros and cons.
I applied for a job one time where I was one of 4 people being considered for it and had to wait a week to find out if I got it. \ Oh boy!  That's always a nail biter waiting to hear back and it seems like they love to take the full amount of time before they let you know. Did you get it?!!
I did get it! If I was a praying kind of guy I would have done so every day. I was o nervous. \ Amazing! Congratulation! Prayer is always a good thing to do! That is so incredible.  Are you enjoying the job?
Someone asked me for some money to donate to their charity and I told them no. I feel so terrible but I have such a low income that I have to think about my family. \ I totally understand that. Sometimes the most important charity is your own.
I just feel awful and can't shake the feeling.  I work two jobs though and I have tons of medical bills but I always want to help others.   \ I like to think that if you get yourself right financially now, you'll be more able to help more in the future. 
I told my mom that I didin't want to be in compsci anymore, because I was really miserable. She said that I should do what makes me happy. \ That's good advice.  If you're not happy doing something you should spend time thinking about what you'd really like to be doing.
Thanks. My mom is usually very strict, and I thought she would be really upset. \ Even if she's strict she's probably doing because she wants what's best for you.  And she'll probably support you no matter what you decide.
I remember being younger and waiting on Christmas Day to unwrap presents.  There were a lot of things I wanted that year. \ I remember those times. Did you get what you wanted?
Well I was really looking forward to the Super Nintendo.  It had just come out that year and everyone my age wanted one. \ The super nintendo is a classic. What is your favorite game?
Just came back from the park. I saw so many dogs and oddly enough, cats \ Oh wow, were the cats on leashes?
they were, and it was really cute. \ That is adorable. Did they get along with the dogs?
I got a promotion in work. I am so excited for the raise and added responsibility.  \ Congratulations! Sounds like you're ready for the new position.
Thank you, I am so excited. It has taken 3 years of hard work to earn this promotion. \ What is your work area?
Moved to a new city with a lower cost of living. I kind of feel isolated here \ ohhh, I feel you. I also moved to a new town, last week.
Oh wow. What was your reason? \ work! my boss sent me here against my will
my big brother has always been better than me. \ Sibling rivalry is tough.
That's true. Yesterday I saw him with a pretty girl and I felt very envious \ What is your age difference?
I am so grateful me and my ex are still friends \ I've seen a lot of bad breakups. Glad you guys are adults about it.
I am surprised, but we are. I think he may be still wishing for a make up \ How do you feel about that?
I've been with my employer for 8 years. They're going through a tough time now, and I'm trying to do my best although the work has been really hectic \ Are they going to shut down?
Business has been really bad. I'm hoping for miracle, but it doesn't look good. \ I hope it works out. i don't want anyone to be out of work.
So my sister told us a couple weeks ago she was pregnant. Her and her husband are so excited. I hope they have an amazing 9 months and then an amazing time raising the baby. \ That is exciting news!  I bet you were so surprised!
I was very surprised. She didn't tell a single person they were trying for a baby. Just announced it on the 4th of July \ Ha!  What a neat day to announce it - did they do any special kind of announcement?  I see so many videos of interesting and neat ways to make that announcement.
I really really love the snow, but we never get it.  Well a few years ago, my wish was granted! \ Where do you live? I live in Missouri and the snows can be brutal. We had a couple days at 0F this year. I hate it
Georgia - it snowed alright, and no one expected it to stick - well, it did and so many people were stranded.  My husband went to pick up our daughter from school and it took him 6 hours to get there and back.  The school is 5 miles from our house. \ I heard about that on the news, how it was rare to see that. I LOVE Georgia. My favorite place to visit is Savannah. I will gladly trade spots with you.
I have applied to 5 different colleges this year. \ How is that going?
I havent gotten any letters back yet, but I am very confident \ It takes some time. I wish you the best!
I've been planning this vacation for a while. Think I've got everything covered for a good time. \ OHHHH where are you going?
Going to Las Vegas! \ YESSS sin city.  Gambling is my favorite thing in life.
I fell off my bike the other day in front of a bunch of people. It was kind of humiliating. \ Oh no! I'm so sorry!  I would feel the same way but you just have to think...who cares what others think!  If they can't have compassion for an accident then something is wrong with them.  Did you get hurt?
You're right, the other people probably hardly noticed. And no, thankfully I was OK! Unless you count the bruise on my ego. \ I bet they didn't.  I like to look at experiences as part of our journey and teaches us to have compassion for others in similar situations.  So glad you're alright! Hope you own a helmet!
I just found out that my entire family planned a beach vacation trip together and didn't include me. I am dumbfounded and irate! \ Oh man, that sucks. Were they trying to keep the trip a secret from you?
My mom called and told me because she felt bad.  My siblings are taking them for free so I'm not mad at them but I'm definitely mad at my brother and sister!  They didn't say a thing, even when i mentioned it. \ That sounds like it would be really disappointing. Are you close to your brother and sister?
I once put my shoe on only to realize that there was a dead animal in it. \ Oh yuck! What was it?
IT was a mouse!! so gross.  I was traumatized for a week. \ Wonder how it got there.
I'm going to volunteer at a local food bank. I hope I can make a positive difference. \ That is amazing.  I have had to use a food bank before.  I was so gracious.
How are you now? \ I am great back on my feet.  I just needed a little help.
I am trying a new diet and it not as hard as ones I have tried before. \ What does this diet consist of?
No bread, no soda, salads and wraps, and lots of water. I like all of those things so I'm fine with it \ Salad and wraps are delicious, so is water.  I need to try this diet!
When I was ten my favorite friend moved to a new state. \ Aw. That was probably devastating
I treid to keep in touch but we drifted away.  I hope he is happy in his life though. \ I hope so too!
A new amusement park is going to open near me. I won't have to drive an hour to the nearest one anymore. \ Do you like the amusement park? do you go often?
I love it! It's so much fun. I didn't go often because of the distance. \ Do you like the scary roller coasters? 
When the girl leaned in for a kiss all I could see was my beautiful wife whom I love. \ The girl is your wife, correct?
No she wasnt,  But I knew I could never kiss her. \ That's a relief! Your wife is a lucky lady.
i felt bad when i couldnt get a gift my daughter wanted \ I am sorry, what did she want
a horse \ Oh wow, that is a lot
I was not sure whether I should date this girl. She seemed too good to be true \ was she?
No, we are still dating \ ah thats good.. good luck
My new neighbor is pretty cute. Going to talk to her tomorrow. \ I wish you luck.  You have to meet the right one some day!
Thanks a lot! Even if it doesn't, I would get some practice in. \ Exactly, Practice makes perfect, especially with social situations.
When I see my wife I am so happy.  She is everything I could ever want in life. \ She is one lucky gal. How long have you two been together?
5 years,  And I hope for the rest on my life. \ I wish you two the best!
My friends went to an event without me, but I'm sure they have a good reason to. \ Hm... I don't know how I would feel about that. Do you have a good relationship with them?
Yea, we do. Does it sound like a bad thing? \ Well, if you did not have a good relationship then it would seem like maybe they didn't take you on purpose.
I was walking last night and someone started to follow me. \ Oh my god. What happened?
Well, I started walking much faster. It looked like they were carrying a weapon or something. \ Are you okay now?
I'm going to ask my girlfriend of 10 years to marry me next weekend. \ That is so exciting!! Do you have the ring picked out?
Yes, I do! And the receipt, in case, you know. \ Haha that's smart, you never know. Well good luck, here's to a wonderful life together for you two!
This one year right after I moved to the east coast we had this scary hurricane warning. I went ahead and stocked up on all the basics; batteries, canned goods, beer. I was set! \ How'd the hurricane go?
Wouldn't you know it totally missed my city. I was a little let down to be honest, though glad we were safe. \ Thank goodness. Hurricanes are no joke.
I was scared last weekend when it stormed. I hate thunder \ That's too bad. I bet it is hard to sleep during a loud storm.
It was that weekend for sure \ Hopefully it settled down long enough for you to catch a break.
I went to the grocery store the other day and filled two carts full, but left with nothing! \ That always is annoying
Yep it was. My debit card was declined and I still don't know why. \ Oh no that isnt good
How was work for you today?  It was long for me.  I got blamed for a report that had bad figures in it.  But I didn't provide those figures or type the report! \ My day was pretty good. I got to work from home and pack for my trip this weekend.
That sounds fun.  Where are you going? \ I am going to Cali to see all of the national parks.
Nice!  Which ones will you be going to?  I've been to Yosemite and Sequoia.  Both are awesome. \ I plan to go to both of those parks plus Lake Tahoe and Las Vegas. I have never been to Vegas.
Oh no, what did you do instead? Did you watch Netflix? \ I do watch Netflix sometimes.  Do you watch?
Yes, I do. I recently watched the series "Dark." It's the German one. \ I haven't heard of that one.  What genre does it fall in?
It's a supernatural mystery type. I won't spoil the twist. \ Sounds interesting!
I applied for a job that would allow me to work at home because I suffer from Lupus. I didn't end up getting it so its a bummer. \ That too bad. They are other work from home opportunities though.
I've been hunting and have gotten a lot of different ideas from people I asked but either there was nothing in my area or I needed a different qualification.  Its disheartening, but I'll keep searching. \ You will find something. Just don't give up
I know it's August, but Halloween is so close I can feel it. \ I'm right with you!  I love chillier fall weather and pumpkin harvest festivals! Not to mention pumpkin spice lattes! Is Halloween your favorite holiday?
Yes. Halloween is my favorite. I do themes with my kids. I don't know what we are doing this year but its time to start shopping. \ They really do start putting things out in the stores earlier and earlier.  Last year I saw Halloween stuff out now.  Sounds like you're in for a lot of family fun! 
My mom is finally coming to America after years of waiting for approval. \ That's really awesome. I think its great when families are finally reunited. 
Thank you. I really miss her and hope I can take care of her better now. \ You definitly will. Families are stronger together than apart. 
I work at a soup kitchen and there was this man who comes in every week. I think talking to me is the only contact he ever gets.  \ People who take the time to help others are truely angels on Earth. Thank you for doing what you do.
Thank you but it never seems like it's enough. I always want to do more! \ Every little bit counts!
 it upset me to see my brother with a brand new car \ Oh you must feel terrible. Has sibling rivalry always been a thing between you guys?
nah i have kids he doesnt so he can spend crazy and i gotta be a "parent" \ Yep. That comes with being a parent.
My friend said they wanted to talk to me and didn't sound like their usual on the phone. \ what did they want to talk about
I don't know. I'm kinda worried. \ ah i hope it turns out well for you
Feeling great since I have officially finished my Christmas shopping early! \ Wow! This is early. Maybe I should start, too.
I like to wrap it up early so everything goes smoothly \ When did you start shopping?
I didn't overeat like I usally do. I hope I can always do this \ Oh that is good are you dieting or doing portion control?
Neither. I just want to stop binge eating. \ Oh binge eating is once in a while eating a lot?
I was going on a trip and couldn't take my dog so I had to board him and I was so worried about it. \ Was he okay?
He was fine. I just didn't know how he was going to handle it, he is a very nervous dog. \ Well maybe if you do it a little more then he will be fine with it. I would be afraid just because he is afraid.
That's true. He was a rescue and sometimes I wonder if he was treated in a bad way and thats why he is like that. \ Maybe so. It's good he has a good home now.
I like to think he does. I just hope he is as happy as he makes me. \ I bet he is. Don't worry
On Sundays I like to make my granny old recipes for my family. \ That's really cool. Are they hard to find recipes? 
No. I just like to cook some things the way she did. It reminds me of the time we had together. \ I totally understand that. I like to make certain recipes my mother made when I was a kid for the same reason.
I wish my kids had more time with her. \ At least they have a little bit of home cooking to remember her by.
I was checking the paper this morning, and I found our that I won $200 on the lottery! \ Wow. Congratulations. What did you do with the $200?
I'm going to buy some new video games that I've been wanting to get for a long time! \ Nice. What are some titles you're wanting to get?
I'm so glad I'm able to pay my bills now. \ Yeah? That's awesome! Do you have a new job?
No, same job actually. They gave me a pay bump! \ Sweet! I'm happy for you! That must be nice.
I was cleaning out my fridge and found some meat that was over a month old. It was green and really gross.  \ That is disgusting.  Sounds like my dad though,  He keeps things for months
Yeah I was just lazy in cleaning stuff out, but I  won't make that mistake again! I don't like to throw up while I'm cleaning.  \ UGH thats bad.  I bet is smelled like crap too
I awoke to a hot plate of bacon and eggs this morning. \ Eggs? I can't stand that stuff. Too many scambled eggs in college!
Scrambled eggs are my favorite.  Especially because I ate them so much in college. \ I can't stand the taste now. They are nasty!
I lied to a friend last week and felt bad. I just did not feel like hanging out \ Sometimes that happens. Were you tired?
I was tired a bit \ Hopefully, you can make it up to your friend next time.
Driving to visit my mom yesterday reminded me so much of my childhood \ Memories like that are nice
They indeed are! I think of them when I'm having a hard time. \ They can be helpful for sure
i was saddened when i couldnt get out of work on time \ Oh, that's always tough and frustrating.  What kept you behind?  Does it happen often?
they just dont let you leave if there is too much work left to complete \ That's how my job works too.  Some days I find myself eating dinner very late because we got stuck behind at work.  I try to just stay thankful that I have a job though!  What do you do to decompress once you're home?
 I was cleaning out a big closet today and found some Christmas ornaments of my kids feet when they were babies. So small and precious! \ oh thats sweet.. put them up this yeqar
I definitely will! I can't wait because I love Christmas time.  I feel like a big kid during that season.  \ thats great.. i love christmas time as well
I've been having trouble financially, and my coworker brings me lunch everyday \ That's nice of them
It absolutely is, and the lunches are delicious. \ MAyabe you can do something nice for them when you get back on your feet.
I'm going to Ace every single class this semester. \ You sound determined. Go you!
I am. I am so ready to graduate. I am going to kiil it! \ Are you in college?
I was so happy when my parents got me a dog for Christmas! \ that's pretty cool.  what breed?
It was a chocolate lab. I didn't care what kind of dog I got. I had always wanted one! \ Well you picked a great one :) Love labs.  My friend's got a big one he just attacks me with love everytime I see him
I can't believe my friend ruined Sons of Anarchy for me...I was only on season 2 and she told me about how they all die at the end I was sad and horrified \ That really sucks. I hate it when people spoil shows!
Yeah tell me about...never gonna watch Netflix with her again haha \ Sometimes you just got to binge on your own, lol!
Came home to all my family here with a hot pot going! \ Really? You should be grateful that you have such a wonderful family. 
I definitely won the family lottery.  \ Yeah you should be really greatful!
My wife got into med school. She is really smart and definintly deserves to be a doctor! \ Congratulations to her! You must be so proud!
Yes I really am! \ What will she be specializing in?
I usually food prep for the week it is so much easier. \ That is a great idea
Yes it works out great saves me money and keeps my scheduled arranged and on track.  \ Saving money is important
I was shocked in a good way when my dad got my a laptop. It was for school \ That is so exciting you will definitely need it for school what kind did he get you? 
It was just for keeping notes and creative writing \ Make sure to save all the notes it will come in handy in the future never know. 
My wife came home to an entire table of food I cooked.  I like to show her that I love her. \ So many people don't take the time anymore. It's so nice to hear you did that for her!
I am the type of guy who wants you to know exactly how I feel about you. \ She's one lucky gal. How long have you two been married?
My son worked really hard on his project. He won second place in the science fair! \ that so cool! I am happy.  whats did he create?
He created a device that will help with renewable energy. \ That is amazing.  Maybe one day it will be more that just a science fair project.
I once saw a woman who could contort her body in all types of ways,  It was amazing. \ what types of things could she do
She could put her head between he knees and still jump up and down. \ oh wow .. talented
it was suprising to see my dog find his way home the other day \ He was probably hungry, and thought to himself, that place wasn't so bad huh.
nah we dropped him off about two miles away and he made it back \ HAHA, you wanted him gone? maybe he did it to spite you.
I sad with myself when I quit the basketball team. I thought I would do better \ Why did you quit?
I was just lazy and wanted to hang out with my friends instead \ Can you try out again? OR have you moved on?
I don't like seeing people with lots of money. \ Why is that
Because I don't have any. Its bad but I can't help it. \ I understand the feeling
There is a restaurant that has been around for a while. They're closing down after the wife passed away. \ That's terrible. It's a shame that they were not able to keep the place going in her memory. 
Yea, I think it would remind them too much of her. \ I can understand that. Sometimes one person's dream is another person's pain.
My daughter graduated high school as a straight A student last year \ That's amazing! You must be so proud.
Oh I am. It's nice to know that I raised a child with a good head on her shoulders. \ She's also a hard worker.
One of my friends wanted me to leave out my other good friend and not tell her about our beach trip we were planning. I told her that I wouldn't go unless we could all go together because I just don't leave people out. \ That's terrible. I'm glad you stood up for your friend.
I am fiercely loyal to my friends and don't think anyone should be excluded, especially among a group of friends that are all going but one person.  Not cool.   \ Why would your friend want to exclude your other friend? Definitely not cool.
I'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend! \ That's so cool!  DO you get to see her often?  Have you ever gotten to see her in person before or did you meet online?
We met online and are meeting in person for the first time! \ Soooooo exciting!  Are you nervous?  I bet it's going to go amazingly well and you'll have so much fun.  You think she might be the one or not there yet?
I am just now seeing Wonder Woman. As a woman I am ashamed \ Why do you feel ashamed about the movie?
I am ashamed that I am just now seeing it. It is such a good movie!  \ Oh I see! I guess I should watch it as well! I never seen it yet.
I want to ask someone out on a date, but I don't know if I should.  \ Why not?
Well, I  feel shy. Also I don't know if she likes me that way. \ Well that's the only way you can find out. If she says know there are other girls.
i liked taking care of of my sisters pet the other day \ Sounds like you had a good time. What pet is it?
a bearded dragon \ Oh I've never seen one of those. Was it difficult to care for?
My local store stopped carrying my favorite spring rolls. \ were you able to find them somewhere else
I think this other place carries it, but they're pretty far. \ time to find something else
Yesterday my Lyft driver offered to carry my groceries up to my apartment. I thought that was super nice, there were A LOT of bags. \ That was very sweet they don't have to actually do that.
It was sweet. And I told him not to worry about it, I didn't want to hold him up.  \ Good to know there is still kind people in the world.
I got some pink roses at work last week I was so happy. \ That's awesome! Who were they from?
My husband but I didn't expect it I was so surprised they was a just because gift. \ That was really sweet of him, maybe he just wanted you to know you're loved.
I went to a court hearing for unemployment with my former employer, and I felt great about it since I was so prepared with all of the documents and everything I needed to show the court I was in the right for quitting. \ Did it go your way?
Yes, I actually ended up winning it and they gave me 6 months of unemployment pay. \ That is great - have you found another job yet?
I was very sick one day and we had to go to the local ER. \ Oh no.. that sounds awful. What happened next?
Well, they are pretty inept at this local ER.  I was so nauseous and all I remember is the nurses talking about their divorces and no one doing anything to help me.  Even the dr. acted like I was a bother. \ That is ridiculous. No one should treat you like that when you're seeking medical help.
I was nervous my first day of college. I did not know anyone \ I was too, but then I realized everyone was too and I made a lot of friends!
Lots of friends will be nice \ I've found in life that all of the friends you need are right around you. 
I took a walk through my local park and it was great! I realized that my life was pretty great while I was walking! \ Going to the park is always nice
It really is. I always feel better after taking a walk.  \ I do too
I sent a 3k check to my cousin. I never sent that much money through the mail before. \ Did they receive it?
I hope they do! \ Well they will definitely let you know when they do. I would
I quit my job last week \ Oh what happened?
They didn't give me a raise and I had been there 4 years. I don't need to work for anyone like that. \ You did the right thing. I stayed loyal to my work also and when I changed jobs, 20k pay increase.
it was impressive to see the lakers get lebron a few weeks ago \ Yes I agree! Do you think he'll help them win some games?
i hope so.. or at least stop the warriors and let someone else win \ Yes, good point. It's probably best that way.
i got up to get cereal this morning, but my roommate drank all my milk.  \ did he get a beat down ?
Yeah, most definitely. I used my belt.  \ hah.. thats cool. 
I am about to leave on a 17 hour car trip with my husband, our four kids, and 2 dogs. I think I have everything ready to go though \ You can never be too prepared! I am sure you have got everything.
I hope so. I even portioned out each meal for our dogs in little plastic bags to make sure we have enough.  \ That was very smart thinking on your part. Have fun on your trip!
My boyfriend's best friend is a female.  \ Does that bother you?
Yes it really does. He talks to her everyday and tells her everything and even asks for her advice. \ I can see why that would bother you.
I'm going to try out the new Japanese restaurant that just opened up next weekend. \ I bet that will be fun
My coworkers rave about the place. I'm psyched to go. \ I do like that food a lot
I was confident I was going to pass my drivers test. I studied hard for it \ How'd it go?
I passed with flying colors \ congratulations. Now you'll have that freedom to go anywhere you want!
I tried a new restaurant in my neighborhood today \ How'd it go?
IT was amazing. I couldn't believe such a small place was so good. \ Sounds like a great place! What did you get?
There was a party at work today. Totally unannounced. \ Who was it for?
No one. Upper management just decided to throw a part for us! \ That's nice. My job has never done that
I was happy when I found out I was going on a trip next weekend. It is going to be fun \ Thats amazing, I love to travel.  Where are you going?
We are going back home to Louisiana to see friends \ Awesome,  People underestimate Louisiana,  I love baton rogue 
I once walked around school campus and found toilet paper on my shoe.  It had been hours since I was in the restroom last. \ Oh no, did anyone notice
I hope not! I went to classes and ate food all while having this paper tail. \ I am sure no one noticed
A girl hit on me at an event, but I've got a girlfriend. Not interested. \ Thats right,  You have to stay faithful to the one you love.
Yea, I don't understand people who stray when you've already got a good thing. \ Exactly,  People just want what they cant have.  such a bad human trait.
I once found money in the parking lot of a gas station. I needed it so bad I kept it. \ Sometimes when we're in a bad situation, we do things we wouldn't normally do.
Thats true,  I like to think I am a good person.  But I had to take the opportunity to get ahead. \ How much was it?
I was at the gym today and some guy pumped out like 50 pull ups. \ That is pretty impressive
Yeah, the guy was built like the Incredible Hulk.  \ I wish I could look like that
I knew I was going to pass my history final. I loved that class \ Sweet! Congratulations. Was it difficult? 
It was not, it was kind of easy \ That's great, you must have studied hard.
I was proud of my dad when he retired. He worked hard for a long time \ Aww that's sweet. Did you get to have a party for him or anything?
We all went out to eat at a nice restaurant \ That sounds lovely. I hope your dad is enjoying his well-earned retirement now.
I sent an email I shouldn't have sent. I'd been drinking and totally should have saved it rather than sending it when I did. \ We all do things we regret when drinking
True. The funny thing was I obsessed over it for days, worrying I made a mistake. And absolutely nothing happened! I worried for nothing. \ Thats usually how it goes
I was really scared when a tornado came down a few hundred feet from my house. \ Oh that is scary, that happened to us a couple months ago!
Yeah, there is really nothing you can do about it I guess. \ I suppose find the safest spot to bunker down, it's hard not to panic though
Today traffic was horrible and was so frustrating! \ I hate traffic too, it makes me angry
Yes! People were constantly cutting me off,not signalling and slamming on their brakes \ People are so rude when they drive these days
The other day when I was cleaning I came across an old keychain my dad gave me when I was younger, it was nice to see.  \ Thats good that you found the keychain
Yeah it meant a lot to me - almost like a sign!  \ that's very good! Always nice to find those old lost items.  
I wanted to let you know recently i saw a younger man helping an old lady who fell to the ground. Its nice to see people helping others \ That is really nice to see... I bet it made you feel good! So sweet. 
yeah it made me feel great :) \ Nice to still see that behavior in todays world. :)
When my pet died I felt liek I lost my family member,  My best friend. \ Im sorry to hear that. What happened?
I went away on a trip and my mother forgot to feed her.  I was crying so much. \ Oh no. 
MY sister always borrows money from me. \ OH my,  does she ever give it back.  Is it alot of money?
Sometimes it is a lot and she never pays on time. I eep saying I am going to stop loaning to her but she is my sister. \ Its hard to refuse family,  But sometimes that can be taken advantage of.
I once woke up from sleeping to feel paralyzed,  like someone was standing on my chest. \ oh ive heard of that before.. scary stuff
I started to see dark figuers and people fly toward me,  I tried to yell.  then I just blinked and everything was normal and I was awake. \ has it happened more than once?
i went into that interview knowing i was going to get the job \ Do you feel like you interview well regularly? were you qualified?
yea i prepare for every possible question they can throw at me.. i was the most qualified  \ Then its a no brainer,  I hope that you make alot of money there.
I moved away from my family and friends to start a new job next week. I'm looking forward to it but its so isolating not knowing a single person. \ Have you gone out to try to meet people yet?  are you happy about our job?
Yes, I went to a local coffee shop where they were showing a band and tried to mingle but people were very closed off.  I know it takes time so I guess I'll have to be happy with just me myself and I. ha ha.  I haven't started it yet so I hope so! \ Yes i understand its rough,  some people just take time to warm up.  But im willing to bet you will meet someone really cool soon enough.
I once finished a whole bag of candy, just after startinf my new diet. \ Oh no!  I don't doubt it.  Diets make you so hungry and gives you crazy cravings for what you can't have.  Did it feel worth it or make you feel miserable?
I felt terrible.  Like I am going to be fat forever. \ I have been there and done that.  My vice used to be ice cream.  Then I learned about being high nutrient vegan and started to eat carbs again once I learned about nutrition.  Learning about nutrition made me start thinking about each thing I put in my body.  Like purposeful eating.  It was a tough transition but I never went back.  Just do it for yourself and don't beat yourself up when you mess up.  I know you can do it if I can!
Thank you so much \ Check out youtube.com and watch the Whole Foods Plant Based Cooking Show and you'll see the yummy desserts you can eat any day of the week without guilt or bingeing.  Delicious! You take care!
My partner and I were sitting down to dinner when they bring out fish. They know that I don't like fish, yet they did anyways. It's very upsetting! \ I would have been upset too!
Thank you! And they don't understand what they did wrong! What more do I have to do?! \ Find new people to eat with.
I went thrift shopping for the first time today \ That's good. I always find interesting things whenever I go. 
I found some really cool thing. I think I am going to go again next weekend \ You should! Alot of the profits from thrift stores go to good causes too!
I keep a photo of my grandfather in my wallet. It reminds me of him since he passed a few years ago. \ I'm sorry to hear about your loss.
He's in a better place now. He used to babysit me a lot when I was a child. \ I think he was able to live a happy life while he was alive.
My friends asked me to go out with them, but I had to decline it because I have to save money for bills. \ Well that's a very mature decision of you. It's better than over spending.
Thank you. That makes me feel better about my decision. \ No problem. I used to overspend when I was younger and have learned to get it under control lately.
Someone cut me off in traffic the other day. \ how did you respond
Well I thought about honking, but decided against it and just sat there frustrated. \ thats probaby a smart choice
i felt all alone the other day when my family left home \ That's understandable, what did you do to pass the time?
i just watch stuff on roku \ What kind of stuff did you watch?
I was thankful when my Granny gave me money for graduation. It was sweet of her \ She sounds like a sweety! Is she coming to gradution?
Yeah came as well \ She must be proud.
I ordered a pizza, but the delivery person gave me an extra one. \ That is a great delivery person
Yea, he's awesome.He's always bringing me extra stuff that customers have denied or something. \ That is very nice of him
I was surprised when I was elected class president. I was not expecting that \ That's awesome. Any big plans?
I guess just doing whats right by my cass \ Well always be honest.That's a good start.
I am so upset with my daughter today \ Why are you upset
She left our frezzer open and all of the popsicles melted. \ That is so sad
I was chilling outside all day in the sun reading. I feel great. \ sounds like a good day
For sure. I've never been better relaxing with a glass of iced tea. \ good for you.. we all need that every once in a while
i cant wait to get my next paycheck \ Payday is always my favorite day of the week! Do you plan to buy anything special? 
get chocolate wasted! \ Haha, I love getting chocolate wasted. I like dark chocolate the best. 
My Grandma, whom I absolutely love and is the best Grandma, is moving back to my city to live here! I never thought she would but I can't wait!  \ That's great, what will you do when you first see her?
Give her the biggest hug and help her settle in.  She's going to a wonderful retirement place that is so nice, I wouldn't mind living there right now! \ It's nice you have such a good relationship with her!
Someone cut me off in traffic the other day. \ That is awful.  Why do people risk their lives and the lives of others just to get a tiny bit ahead in traffic to where there going.  Ridiculous.  I'm glad you weren't hit.
I don't know why they do it, I feel the same way as you do. \ I saw a guy cut someone off next to me, fly by over the speed limit, and cut a bunch of people off.  All to get ahead.  Then I noticed that I caught up with him because he got stuck at a light and all that craziness didn't even help him.
I am a bit Breaking Bad fan and love Better Call Saul. Season 4 starts in August.  \ Me too! I also Iike staying home all day.
I wonder what will happen this season. I'm expecting it to be really nail biting.  \ I have more time to watch movies and shows on netflix alot. I stay home with my little one year old during the day.
I really like that I can be with my daughter during the day and not worry about her under someone else care. \ I completely understand. I stay home with my four kids and wouldn't have it any other way. 
It great and I don't have to worry about the house chores being done since I am the one who does it all. \ Yeah, I do them all here too, they are never ending. 
yes! I hear you house work is my life. Being a mom is amazing though! \ Yes it is :) 
I know I'm going to get fired tomorrow. \ Why do you say that
I got an email from a friend at work that knows the boss, and he said the boss told him I'm toast.  The boss has hated me for years.  Maybe I should call in. \ I think you should just show up anyway
I could not wait to start school last semester. I wanted to learn more \ It is nice that you love learning so much.  What are you studying that you like that much?
Creative writing for nwo \ What is NWO?
MY daughter is joing the band this year \ That's wonderful. I bet she is excited.
I might be more excited but she is too. She is going to do great. \ That's great. I know she will do her best, I'm sure.
I'm feeling very happy now since my wife just got a new job she really wanted. \ That's great! What is the job
She will be a shipping and receiving coordinator for an international freight company. \ That sounds like a great job
I put way too much on my credit card and can't even afford the minimum payment. The thing is, my dad's name is on the card too. I feel bad. \ Its hard to maintain that
It is, I don't know what to do. \ You can get a adviser
I get nostalgic when I hear Elvis. It reminds me of when I was younger and my dad \ Did your dad love listening to Elvis?
He was my dads favorite \ We have that in common!
I was supposed to be responsible for the powerpoint slides for our presentation, but I accidentally deleted it. \ Oh no! So what happened?
I explained it to the professor, but she said we'd get a letter grade deducted from whatever we earn. \ I hope you get an A at least then
I am so ahppy to have such talented kids. \ That's great to hear. You must be so proud of them.
I am. I was raised by a music loving family and they picked it up so well \ Do they play instruments?
i love my parents to death we grew up poor, but we always had all the basic stuff needed for school and clothing \ Your parents sound like wonderful people!
yes they are, and they are still together after all these years, and thank you \ You're welcome. How long have they been together?
I'm waiting to hear back from my doctor about my test results. \ oh that sounds super scary , i hope everything comes back ok
Thank you. I'm scared, but I'm also ready for what could happen. \ dang you sound really calm about it , i have super high anxiety and would be in a state of panice the entire time
It was very calming going to the mountains last week. I just felt right \ What mountains did you visit?
The smokey mountains \ I love it there, it is so calming and peaceful there. Except when you end up stuck in traffic in Pigeon Forge.
My family looks out for me no matter what, it's great to have them on my side, especially when I was struggling. \ Its nice to have family
It really is, no one else will stick up for you like they will. \ They are always there
My friend won a scholarship to go to school overseas. She worked all through high school. \ oh wow thats awesome
Yea, it is. She's also a really nice person.  \ i hope it turns out well for her
i cant wait for this friday! \ Oh, what's happening on Friday?
gonna go clubbin! \ Hope you have fun!
I am going camping this weekend and I bought everything I need well in advance. \ You have to be prepared.
Yes you do! You can never be too careful these days. There are bears too sometimes, so I need bear spray. \ IS bear spray a real thing. I have never been camping
I think me and my ex are broken up for good. \ I see, is that a good thing or bad thing for you?
Maybe a good thing. We break up so much lol \ Sorry to hear that. Well yeah, maybe it's for the best
While a lot of my coworkers quit to go to a competitor, I'm staying with my company. \ Loyalty is always good
I think so, too. They've been there for me when I needed it as well. \ I am sure they will notice
I knew I was going to pass my math test. I studied all week \ Congratulations! Hard work does pay off.
It really does \ What are you studying in school?
I had to go to a work conference last week.  I didn't know anyone there, and I really don't like to travel without my family.  It was hard. \ That does sound tough, did it go well at least?
It went fine.  Work conferences are always pretty boring, but I survived.  Going on vacation with the family next month so I have that to look forward to. \ That's good, at least you have something fun to look forward to now.
I can't wait for the release of the new Super Smash Brothers game. \ That is a really fun game.  I wonder how they will make it better than the original.
Well I hope they will find a good way because I don't want it to be similar to Smash 4. \ There is nothing worse than spending big money on a game it's no good.
A couple years back a stranger tried to take my phone. \ Interesting! Did you apprehend him?
No I just secured my phone and walked off, I was supper annoyed. \ I could imagine the experience. That was a wise thing you did!
Guest what? It was a Ferrari...!!! \ I cant actually see what you put in the prompt, but man thats crazy if it was a ferrari.
I said guess what! A custom made Ferrari with luxurious taste  \ I love Ferraris, they are so expensive though, one day I hope to own one.
MY daughter told me she wants toplay bass guitar. \ That sounds awesome have you checked out the price for lessons?
Not yet I had been asking her first years to play the guitar like I did and she said no. \ Don't worry she'll come around and you're so right it is better for her to start by learning to play guitar first.
Mom is always right lol \ Lol still true to this day
Last year i got so stuffed last year during thanksgiving that i fell asleep watching football before they even served dessert \ Lol. Was there any left when you woke up?
Nope i didnt wake up until around midnight but i didnt care i heated up some leftovers and got down on some mac and cheese \ That's what thanksgiving is all about lol
Definitely I cant wait for this years thanksgiving  \ SO that history can repeat itself?
Definitely a little 420 before the turkey lol get a real appetite going \ You can do that any day
I really need to get some milk from the store but when I go there I realized I had left my wallet at home. I just walked out with jug and felt so bad about it.  \ It happens to the best of us
Yeah but that doesn't make it right.  \ I understand that
I was sad when my team lost last weekend. I really wanted them to win \ Hey you win some you lose some. What really matter is that you had fun watching. 
I did not have fun watching them lose \ But still maybe you learned something about it?
I just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but I got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. Its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet. \ Oh I'm sorry to hear that. You must be so worried.
It definitely is stressing me out and I'm trying not to think too far into all the possibilities.  I'll feel sick until I get to talk to them tomorrow. \ Try to get a good night's rest. I hope everything is ok!
I've got a wonderful family and can do the things I enjoy. I don't think I can ask for more in life. \ That is so great to hear.  Nice to hear someone being happy with the important things in life and not always wanting more.  Its easy to miss things happening all around you if you are never happy with them.
Thank you. I don't get why people just want more and more sometimes. \ It seems tiring to me when I see people pushing for the next thing.  I feel the same way.  Enjoy family and find what makes your happy and keep like simpler. You must have a great time on holidays with your loved ones!
 i trusted my brother the other day and regret it \ What did he do?
my dog got out of the gate and ran away \ Did he ever come back?
I am scared that I won't like my new neighbors \ do they look rough or what
I haven't seen them. I have never had decent neighbors here. I think I should move \ i hope it turns out well for you
I was hoping to go out with my friend's this weekend, but it was raining all weekend. \ It's been raining a lot here, too, I know that feeling! Did you manage to find something interesting to do inside instead?
I just read a lot but really wanted to do something outdoors.  \ Being cooped up is the worst. Hopefully next weekend is nice and sunny for you and your friends!
A few years ago I decided to move cross-country. It was kind of terrifying taking a huge leap like that with no job and hardly knowing anyone here. \ You definitely took a leap of faith there. How'd it go?
It definitely has had its ups and downs but overall I'm really glad I did it. I don't think I'll be doing it again any time soon that's for sure. \ hahaha I definitely admire your courage to have done that.
I knew my dad was going to pick me up last week. He was a man of his word \ I love a person of their word he is a great father keeping his word.
Yeah he was very trusting \ The greatest feeling in the world I have the same feelings towards my dad he always comes through we are lucky. 
I'm going back to school I am going to stick to my goal and don't stop until I get my degree. \ I wish you luck
Thanks I am super excited I know I will have a great outcome I have goals to meet. \ I am sure you will meet them
I'm shocked that my daughter stole alcohol from my locked cabinet and tried to place the bottle with water. \ Only water? That is crazy lol
Yeah, I caught on pretty quick but it's so unlike her to do that. \ Did she confess?
She lied. \ Oh no. Well at least you know she is a terrible liar.
I am kind of sad the summer break is ending \ I think we all feel you on that one! 
I am ready for them to go back to school, but we had a lot of fun this summer. \ There's still some time left to make the most of it, isn't there?
I've been with my wife for 13 years. \ That is very sweet
Thank you. She's the love of my life. \ I hope to have that one day
I was embarrassed when my zipper was down all day. I did not realize it until I got home \ Sucks that no one told you!
I know, oh well \ It happens. I hope you're not too embarassed.
My niece can't swim but has is staying with us for a bit and we have a pool.  Her skills are increasing and her confidence is soaring! \ thats awesome .. how long has she been learning?
Just today and yesterday.  She is 8 and hasn't had access to water as she lives in the mountains.  She has gone from not being able to touch the bottom with her hand to picking up dive sticks and even swimming over the ladder in the deep end. \ keep up the good work.
it was impressive when the lakers signed lebron \ Yes that was an exciting moment for him and for the team as well!
me too .. i hope they stomp the warriors \ I have a feeling that with Lebron on their team, they are going to do just that.
My daughter can say so many new words, love to see her thrive! \ That is so exciting! Such a fun time in life to watch them discover new things and always be such a surprise with what you didn't know that they already knew! ha ha, that's a tongue twister.
Yes, thank you! Having children is a wonderfull blessing. Couldn't imagine my life without my daughter. Do you have children? \ I do!  An 8 year old daughter and 5 year old son.  They are my life as well so I totally get what you're saying.  How old is your daughter?
I saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. Creepy! I want to buy a million locks. \ Oh wow, that is so scary! I would be worried for my family safety, maybe get a guard dog? My dog always alerts me to sounds.
I know.  Chills me to the bone.  I wish I could get a dog but I rent and they don't allow.  I am already a light sleeper so this is making me jumpy.  I'm looking into a door jam device.  \ Good idea, you can never be too safe when it comes to the safety of your family. I hope the police is watching your neighborhood more closely since the reports.
I came home today and someone had eaten my leftovers. I was so irritated! \ I hate when that happens!  I look forward to those all day you know!  Did you find out who the culprit was?
Yes, it was my partner. He owes me big time \ I think that calls for a nice steak dinner out - on his dime!
Every year I'm so excited about Christmas and have all these plans. \ Me too, how does Christmas in July work?
I've seen that also, but I'm not sure.  I'm just talking regular Christmas in December LOL!  But it always seems that time slips away from me and all the traditions I want to do with my kids don't get completed. \ Maybe keep it simple, and do different things each year. Last year we went on vacation.
I spent my birthday last year alone. I expected my boyfriend to make plans but nope. \ That's disappointing. What happened? Did he just not do anything?
Yeah, he acted like it was just a normal day, it was so weird. Maybe I'm getting too old to make a big deal out of birthdays anyway. \ I would have been disappointed, too. 
My kid's school makes sure all the kids' parents know how to fill out low income forms. There are so many parents who don't know enough English, and their kids go hungry when they don't have to. \ That's a good thing, right? So the families can get the help they need?
Yes. It's absolutely good! I'm glad the school identified that problem. Many schools don't. \ I can't begin to imagine how difficult it must be for the kids in that situation. It seems the school really has their back.
I can't wait for this new video game to come out in November. It will be great to play it but it so far away! \ What game are you waiting for?
The newest pokemon game "Let's Go Pickachu" A bit nerdy I know but I love the series.  \ I used to love those games growing up so I can't judge you for it!
I stole alcohol from my dad and was caught and decided to lie instead of confessing. I'm ashamed. \ Hey it's ok. We all do stupid things when we are young. 
Yeah but I don't know if he's ever gonna talk to me again. \ Give it time. I'm sure he will come around. 
I got a new dog recently and have found myself really enjoying taking care of it. \ That is so great I love dogs they are so sweet and your best friend for life.
Yes, I love them too. It's been a while to have one, so I am very happy now. \ They come with hard work have to walk and feed them but you will get back into your groove.
I get so annoyed when it rains I had plans for a family cookout but it started thundering and lightening such a bummer.  \ Oh no that is a total bummer. It's especially common in the summer months.
Yes it's the worse especially in Florida it's sunny one day and pouring down raining the next.  \ Oh right, I spent some time in Florida when I was younger and I remember it being so unpredictable. Just gotta keep an umbrella all the time lol.
My kids have beem gone for days. The house is so quiet. \ enjoy it while it lasts
I can't even enjoy it. I don't like being by meself so long \ oh sorry to hear that then 
i was scared when i had to walk home alone the other day \ OH no. Was it really late?
yea and we live in a wooded area  \ I watch too many murder shows to do that.
I ordered a pizza today and it was not good. \ Oh, that's disappointing. What was wrong with it?
I asked for no black olives and tehy were everywhere!!!!! \ Ewwwwwww...the devil's topping. Did you send it back? 
I went to a book release party yesterday. \ Cool. Was it interesting?
Yes. It was a good friend of mine. She got a novel published! She also has four small kids. I'm not sure how she does it all. \ Good for her! Moms get a lot done lol
I've got all of my bags packed, passport ready, and i'm not even leaving for vacation until next week. \ Where are you going
I'm going to Japan. I'm so excited, I've never been. \ Oh wow, I hope you have fun
I felt alone last week. All of my friends were out of town \ That sounds horribly boring. You can always take this time to do some house work that you put off, so that it will be ready when your friends get back in town.
Thanks for the advice \ You're welcome. I'm sure you'll make it  they will be back soon. You could also always watch some Netflix.
So my parents took me out to dinner for my birthday tonight. \ Happy Birthday!!!!  Did you have a nice time?
Thanks! I had an awesome time. I went to a sushi place and it was delicious. \ I love sushi.  Did you get a spicy Tuna Roll?
I did indeed. Along with every other kind of roll that they had, haha. \ Sounds good.  You have some generous parents.
I took $5 out of my 5 year old's birthday stash yesterday. \ What did you use the $5 for? Something good hopefully!
Yeah, I bought a $5 lotto ticket.  I was feeling lucky and I really need to scrounge up enough money for rent this month.  We didn't win, though. \ Sorry to hear that. You tried at least and your intentions were good.
My best friend just told me her husband surprised her for their anniversary and is taking her on a cruise. I am happy for her but I haven't been on a vacation for 5 years so it was painful to hear too. \ You will have your day
I hope so.  Most vacations I have planned we ended up cancelling because we didn't have the money.  I'm trying to not dwell on it and find what I'm thankful for but its hard to let go of that feeling. \ I can understand that
I was mad when I missed my credit card bill. I felt dumb \ Oh no! I've done that before.  Did you call them and ask for a grace period so you didn't build fines?  We all make mistakes like that so don't beat yourself up.
I did, I still felt bad though \ Those kinds of things are part of life and its better for our minds if we let them go and move on or see the humor in it.  I hope it didn't hurt your standing with the company.  You just reminded me to pay my internet bill! thanks!
My best friend is moving across the country next week.  \ ARe you happy or sad?
Sad. I will miss her terribly  \ I bet. I she moving school or a job?
I bought a bag of frozen fish last week to cook today. \ Was it any good? Frozen foods can be weird.
It had already gone bad when I unthawed it. I was so upset. \ That is so annoying. You're better off buying fresh on the day, even if it's inconvenient. 
MY friend just got engaged. \ Are you happy for them
I am but I kind of wish it was me. I know thats bad. \ Its natural so its okay
I was scared last week when it stormed. It made me worry \ I hate storms.
They are the worst \ I geet scared that we will lose power.
I got lucky and passed my course this semester \ Awesome! What are you studying?
Computer Science. There was a 3 point curve on the final that really helped me out this time. \ Curves are always a good thing! I was always thankful for them.
I can't wait for February \ Oh yeah? What's so special about it?
I am going on my first cruise with my family. \ Wow! That sounds like such a fun time
I had this big meeting at work and it went great. All that hard work before hand really paid off! \ thats good.. seem like a good employee
I really do try my best to be ready for anything my company asks me to do.  \ there arent a lot of dedicated people like you. keep it up
im a little on the fence if i should ask for time off this week \ If you need to take time off, then I'm sure your company will understand. 
yea but i should probably save it for later down the road in case one of my kids get sick \ What ever need you need to do. 
My job recognized me for my hard work I was thankful and surprised I just love my job. \ Oh cool that's great! What were you doing that they recognised?
For over exceeding and helping all staff when in need, I am always just helpful but was happy to get noticed for my hard work. \ Awesome. What is your job?
I got a random email this morning with a $120 gift voucher \ Wow was it a scam or was it legit?
I was really sure it was a scam but it turned out it was a prize for a survey I had submitted a few weeks ago! \ That is so good congratulations you are lucky what are you going to use it for?
My son got straight A's in his summer class. I'm very happy about that. \ That's great. Summer classes can be tough. Because its summer
Right! And they aren't too excited to go to them usually. \ Well Im glad for him. He must be pretty determined.
I buy things that my kids don't like so I don't have to share. \ Haha that's a smart strategy. What kind of things do you like to buy?
Seafood, hot snacks, diet sodas. Its bad I know \ Oh I love seafood though. It's worth it I'd say lol.
I felt bad last week when I was caught in a lie. I felt like a rat \ What was the lie?
About where I was and who I was with \ Were you cheating?
I am such a sap. \ Why do you say that
I keep everything my kids make for me. I am running out of room \ Thats just being a good parent
I recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. \ Aw, that's so sweet of you. Doggos can be so rewarding. 
They sure can. I think it's exactly what I needed at this time. \ Is he an older dog or a puppy?
There was an "incident" at the gym today. \ Oh no, what happened?
I finished a fabulous workout, then promptly fell UP the stairs on my way to the locker room. In front of everyone. I was mortified. \ Oh no! But that happens (it has happened to me several times). At least you had the great workout!
So yesterday I went for a bike ride in my city's park. The weather was perfect! \ Very nice, wind in your hair, exercise, and fresh air.  Did you have a good time?
It was wonderful. I felt at peace as I rode by all of the flower gardens and fountains. Do you visit any parks or gardens in your area? \ I am actually home bound, but I love to live through other peoples experiences.  My wife and kids go out and bring back stories of their adventures.  I love it!
I used my skills to pick the winning numbers in the lottery today. I feel pretty good about myself. \ I don't doubt that you're feeling good about yourself! Are you getting the lump sum of monthly payments?
They gave it to me right there at the 7-11.  I didn't win the big one, just my dollar back, but it's better than I normally do! \ Hey, you can't complain about that! Who knows, you may end up using your skills to win the major jackpot.
I think my life is pretty good right now. \ thats good
I hope it lasts. Everything is just falling into place. \ good for you
i was scared to walk home the other day \ Why?
we live on a big plot of wooded land \ How come no one would walk with you. I would be afraid too.
I was envious last week when my friend got a new car. It makes me want one \ Are you able to afford one?
Not just yet \ Good things come to those who wait, I know it's hard now because your friend got one but it'll work out for you
My friend has this habit of getting too drunk and losing her mind on every vacation we go on. I'm thinking about canceling the one we have planned in a few weeks. \ You should to them before you do that
Maybe but it will turn into a fight \ Well maybe should be civil
I made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. I had a slice and then another and another until I ate the whole thing. I didn't tell anyone., til now. \ Was the cake god? Sometimes you have to have your cake and eat it too haha. 
ha ha.  It was amazing!  I really didn't feel sick because I hadn't eaten lunch or dinner with how busy the day was.  It is so sinfully rich though. Double layered with icing in the middle.  \ That sounds so yummy! See you much have needed those calories with skipping meals. Sounds like your a great baker as well.
It's so quiet in my house, just watching tv by myself. Wish my family was around. \ I know how you feel.  I moved away from my family and friends this summer.  Do you have family nearby at all? I often feel lonely when I'm watching a movie by myself but then I remind myself that I'm loved by a lot of people.
That is a great attitude to have, my husband is in the military so he is gone a lot to other countries. My family is about 2,000 miles away in Alaska! \ You are so strong!  Please thank your husband for his service and thank you for being his support, no matter the miles between you.  Take care of yourself and get out with friends when you can!
I can't believe my landloard still hasnt fixed my stove \ Ugh. That's the worst. Have you called him/her? 
Yes. It has been a week. We couldnt male our homemade pizzas like we do every saturday. \ That's so frustrating. Ask for a break on the rent next month!
After four long, broke months of looking, I finally got offered a job today! \ That's great. Are you excited?
Yes, and incredibly happy. I was getting really worried about the bills.  \ Is it your dream job? Then you should really be happy.
My sister in law should have never had children.  Yet she was able to get pregnant right away. \ Never had children as in infertile or a bad person?
No, she just doesn't care for them.  They are an accessory to her.  It took us 4 years to get pg. and my children are well taken care of \ Thats terrible, I hope they grow up fine, would be horrid if they didnt.
I tripped the other day on a stair becuase one was slightly higher than the others. \ Oh no, are you ok?
Yea im fine but it was quite an embarrasing and frustrating situation. \ I can imagine, perhaps it's a good way to get someone to fix the steps?
My friend to me I'm dumb and really bad at my job. I'm so upset with him! \ im sorry to hear that , whant happened ?
Well I was telling him about my job and he sad that I was to stupid to do my job right. \ always believe in yourself, and dont let others opinions dictate your feelings 
i like to exercise 5 days a week, and eat super clean on weekends i have 2 cheat days, im feel disapointed in myself sometimes when i go over ,and have 3 cheat days \ Don't worry about it. Everybody messes up sometimes!
yeah i know , and thank you i just sometimes have little decipline  \ It just take a lot of practice, but you will get there!
I heard something under my bed last night and freaked out. \ what was it
It was a dog that my wife was going to surprise me with for my birthday today.  It had gotten out of its crate she was keeping it in and hid under the bed. \ oh thats sweet
i was happy when i got promoted a few months back \ That is great.  Congatulations!!!! Did you get a big raise, too?
yea i got an 8% raise.. thank you.. it was a long time coming \ It always feel good to get what you deserve!
I have been single two years now. \ Oh ok! Is that a bad thing or do you enjoy being single?
I am beginning to feel alone now. Thats no fun \ Oh yeah I know what you mean. Have you tried dating?
I have but never got a second date. Dating is so different now. \ Yeah it was very different last time i tried! But I ended up meeting my partner through friends. You'll get there!
I had an email telling me I had a $120 gift voucher this morning \ Was it real?
Haha that was my first thought too. It actually was! \ That's awesome. What are you going to buy?
Thanks! No idea actually, it's for a department store here in Australia \ Australia. I hope to go there some day
You definitely should! It's a really cool place, but so hard to see everything because it's so big \ I bet, I will get there one day
i  was scared to go home the other day \ Why is that
live in a dark wooded area \ I do too, its okay
I was hurt and saddened when my aunt passed away. No one expected it \ sorry to hear that.. what happened
She had a heart attack in her sleep \ hopefully she didnt suffer.
My mom cheated on my dad!! How could she?? \ I hate that for you
I hate it too. I never want to speak to or see her again! \ I can understand tat
I was shocked when my brother bought me a vacation package. It was a nice gesture \ Oh wow, any special reason for him doing that?
He had the money for it I guess \ How sweet of him.
I went through allof m FB photo albums today \ That's always so fun to see everything that's gone on in your life.  Do you have a favorite moment that was captured in a picture?
I was really looking at my kids pictures and how they have grown so. I could have cried lol \ They grow up so fast!  How many kids do you have?
Three they are in school now so its bittersweet \ Sounds like you are so blessed though!  I know you must miss them while they're away.  You have been a priceless influence on them.  They will always love you!
It was awful. I had a piano solo with a band that I joined and we play all over the place. Anyway, I bombed it and forgot a section so skipped forward and fumbled with the notes. Crushing. \ That's too bad. You're not quitting are you?
I don't know.  I don't want to be remembered as the person who ruined the band and I think my band mates are a bit ashamed of me. \ They will get over it
I knocked over a clothing display on the sidewalk outside of a boutique the other day when I was riding my bike. I should have gone back to pick it up but kept going. \ I've done the same thing before. I'm sure you weren't a bother
I hope not. Now that you mention it I'm sure it happens all the time. \ Yeah and they really should be better about how they place their racks
One night, I was abducted by aliens. They probed me and I'm afriad they will come back.  \ That's a pretty wild story. Why do you think the aliens chose you in particular?
It's because I've been watching the stars since I was young.  \ Well be sure to lock your doors and windows before bed tonight, hopefully that will keep them out.
I promised my daughter I would watch IT wih her tonight. \ Oh wow, that's a pretty scary movie.  I'd want company while watching it too.
I am too scared though. I don't like horror films at all \ I get what you mean.  Some films just aren't for some people.  It takes some courage to watch.
I promised so I hope I can do it  \ Good luck.  But besides it being scary it's a good film in general.  Hope you two can enjoy it.
I was waiting for a while for a video game to come out.  When it finally did it wasn't as great as I thought it was going to be. \ That has happend to me too.
I got my hopes up too much. I should wait for reviews to come out before I rush out and buy next time. \ You can always sell them if you buy discs. Cant do anything with a download though
That's very true.  Which is why I prefer physical discs most of the time. \ We live and we learn lol
I have a test at work tomorrow to see if I can get a promotion. \ oh thats really nice , my friend in new york also has to do a test soon to get a promotion, i hope u get it - u can do it !!!
I have never felt better about my chances than I do now.  I've failed a few times, but I'm ready! \ promotions are always good more money ,and a better life i believe in you !!!
i cant wait for thanksgiving all the food around me , and see all my family pigging out makes me so happy and thankful for everything in life \ I think that you are absolutely right!  Thanksgiving is the best!  I love the food, and family.  Are your family coming to you, or are you going to the?
thankfully they all come to me , and the majority lives around the same area , except my older brother that lives in germany and my baby brother that lives in new york \ Is the brother from Germany coming home?
I was mad when my brother canceled plans tonight. I was looking forward to hanging out \ That sucks, Did you reschedule?
Not yet, I hope we do \ I hate when that happens. Especially when the same people do it over and over.
My friend just got back with her ex AGAIN \ Why would she do that
I don't know. She knows he is no good. He will just hurt her again because she allows it. Its sad. \ That is sad
I got into some serious financial troubles a few years back. \ It happens to everyone, are you out of it now?
yeah but what I did was terrible. I was self employed and I manipulated the system so I received money I was not owed/. My husband helped me out of the jam once I came clean about aht I did. \ Oh well, it was nice to have someone to help you.
I was in a bad spot when my mom passed away randomly a few years ago \ I am sorry to hear about that. What happened?
She just passed away in her sleep. She was not in the best health. \ I hope you have been able to cope. Death is a very hard thing to overcome.
The other day I was listening to Spotify and put U2's Achtung Baby on. It reminds me of pre middle school days. \ I used to love that band
Yeah they were great back in the day. I can't comment on their new stuff, I haven't listened to any of it in years. \ I have not either
I heard a person tv tonight that was impressive. He made me want to save money \ It wasn't Dave Ramsey was it?
Ha, it absolutely was \ Ha I took a shot in the dark. I have heard him recommended a lot for people who want to learn how to pay down debt and save money.
I lost my ipad the othe day \ Have you found it?
No I think it was stolen. We went to the park and i dont know what happened. \ It very well could have been. I'm sorry, that sucks.
A kid I went to school with is in jail for harming a puppy, what a vile human! \ That is terrible. 
It really is, what possesses someone to do that? \ I don't know. They should be locked up though. Hurting a person is next.
So the cable repair guy was supposed to show up between 8:30 and 12:30 on Friday. Guess when he showed up.... \ Probably at 4 or 5! lol
You got it. 5:00. WHY does this still happen? I wasted the whole day waiting.  \ No idea! I haven't had cable in so long! I would HATE that and they always over charge! Don't they have a rule that theres no service fee if they are late?
I was super nervous about the day today as a semi family member has been acting up and I didn't want them to ruin anyones day. \ Oh, that is nerve-racking.You have to be on-guard. Did they behave themselves? 
They did unfortunately. I'll just never understand people who like to make everyone else miserable just because they are. \ Ugh. I don't understand that either. And they make everyone so anxious just be existing. 
I wish I could sit around and eat and sleep all day like my cat. \ That would be great wouldn't it? They have it made!
I so wish I could be a cat... ohhh how easy life would be! \ Yeah but you also wouldn't live as long either. 
I live by myself. My apartment seems really empty some time.  \ I know that feeling.  I have a husband and a boyfriend living here and it still feels empty.
That's really intersting? Maybe you need a cat to help? \ Maybe maybe LOL.. I have four dogs.. argh!
My friend bought me dinner tonight. I was very thankful \ It's nice to have generous friends.  Did you have something good?
It was steak \ Ohhh, delicious. 
I had to take my car to the mechanic the other day.  I don't know anything bout cars, but I know my guy is honest. \ Its nice to have a reliable person like that
Yeah, it's hard to know who to trust, but I've known this guy for years, so I know I can count on him. \ I am sure he will do a good job
My daughter showed me a poem she wrote earlier today \ oh cool, what was it about?
IT was about going back to school. She had average grades in English last year. I was surprised it was so good. \ Wow that's nice, how old is she?
I got a random email telling me I had won a gift card \ Was it real because I get those every day lol
Haha yeah it actually turned out to be real! It was for $120 \ I could do so much with $120. Im jealous lol
I was pretty upset tonight. My friend canceled plans on me \ Did they have a good reason?
None that they told me \ Well maybe you can reschedule and do something even more fun
MY son just wasted my soda on some important papers. \ I am sorry, how important were they
I have to turn them into the school tomorrow. Now I will be late for work because I have to do new ones at the school in the morning. \ I am sorry, that sounds stressful
I was happy when my friend invited me over tonight. It had been awhile \ It's always nice to visit with friends you haven't seen in a while.
It was a good time too \ I'm happy to hear you enjoyed yourself!
I recently got a job with better pay. I'm stoked to see my first paycheck. \ More money is always nice
Oh yeah! And I don't have to work many more hours, which to me is the best part. \ That sounds awesome
We had a near-disaster at our house today. \ oh no! what happened?
My older son called from the bathroom that we were out of toilet paper. It seemed...um...urgent....Fortunately, we had an emergency stash in the laundry room. \ ah, crisis averted! that could have been a lot worse
i went to my friend's birthday party a few weeks ago  \ Did you have fun? 
i did. i was looking forward to it all week, and it met my expectations. \ It's always nice when an event lives up to the hype. Was it at a bar or a house or where?
My daughter got straight As all year long! She worked so hard! \ That's great. I wish my daughter was determined like that.
Does she try at all? \ In the classes that she likes. It is pretty frustrating for me
I'm turning 35 next year. I can't wait \ I hear 35 is the new 25!
Is it? lol. I plan to go on a cruise with my close friends. Hopefully they don't flake. \ I hope they don't either! Sounds like the perfect birthday celebration.
The grudge scared me when I was 10 to which I couldn't navigate my own house. \ I can imagine! That was a terrifying movie.
And yet I still felt as if I had to see the sequels when they came out too. \ That happened to me too.. with the other Exorcist movies and the Ring movies. Even though they scared me, I was too curious to not see the others.
My best friend did amazing in school, despite having 2 children and not doing great academically in school. She ended up getting honors in her first 2 semesters. \ She sounds like a person with great ability. Great choice of friend.
She has been my friend for 19 years. She pushes me to do better too. \ That's great. I wish I had someone so close like that!
So I was coming home last night kinda late and It was really dark outside my house..  \ There are some apps that allow a friend to follow your progress as you home. Will that make you feel safer?
well what happened is i was putting my key in the door and this duck scared me half to death \ Ducks are scary, but they are more scared of you than you are of them. 
I read this amazing book. The author is so smart! \ Whats it about?
It's about black holes! \ oooh all that physics makes my head spin
Whenever we moved abroad, I learned to trust my instinct and sense of adventure. \ You sound like you're embracing life!
Ah -- thank you! Definitely aware of wanting to live life to its fullest. We've recently gone through a tough time, so it feels lovely to focus on adventure again. \ Where did you move to?  I feel you. I am in the same place.  Just reversed 13 years of Lupus suffering by going plant based and now I want to live and see the world! I would love to move to Italy.
I was just diagnosed with breast cancer, just at its first stage, and I don't even know how to feel or what to do. Its terrifying. \ Oh love! I can only imagine the feelings you must be experiencing. Do you have a good support system in place?
I have a wonderful family and a couple close friends that have been with me through my other illnesses so I know they're be with me through this.  I wish I had gone plant based sooner because dairy is linked with very high risk of breast cancer. \ I'm so glad you have people to lean on -- though obviously, your experience is *yours* and no one can know exactly how you're feeling. Are you familiar with Kris Carr, with your interest in a plant-based approach to diet?
Thank you. no, I haven't heard of him/her.  I am reading a lot of Dr. Joel Furhman's books. I will look into it.  Thank you so much! \ She's very inspiring -- you'll love her! Sending you ALL the best in healing vibes, love, and light!
My out-of-town relatives are visiting, and there was on relative whom I really enjoy speaking with, that I didn't get to hang out with much while they were here. I won't get to seem them for a while, so it kind of stinks we didn't make the most of our time this weekend \ Oh well, there is always next time
Yeah, that's true. I'm hoping we can maintain our friendship despite the distance. At least with social media and what not, that kind of becomes easier. But I'm worried about us growing apart in terms of personalities. \ Just try and keep in touch when you can
I knew I was going to get this job. I was prepared for it \ I'm really glad to hear that! What kind of job is it, if you don't mind me asking?
Its in production \ Oh, that sounds pretty cool. I kind of had my eye on a career like that when I was in school, but ultimately didn't go that route. What will you be doing specifically?
It's my brother's 16th birthday in a couple days and he's probably getting a nicer car than I currently have. I'm 24. \ Oh wow, I'd be really jealous of him.
I certainly am! Of course, I can't be certain yet because I don't know what he's getting. My car is junk though so it's bound to be better. \ Well, hopefully you can get yourself a better car soon.
I was hiking the other day and I ran across a dead deer with maggots eating on it. It smelled so bad! \ I bet that was disgusting! I would bring a noseplug from now on.
I actually had to hold my nose and run off. Almost ruined my hike. \ I love hiking, I can't imagine happening upon something so gross. Would probably ruin my hike as well!
I took care of my sick cat over the weekend. I just had to care for him as much as I could \ That's really sweet of you. I hope your cat is doing better!
He is as of now \ Well I'm sure with you taking care of him, he'll be fine!
The entire last month I was getting ready for a trip around the world. Takes a lot of planning! \ That does sound fun though
Yup. Now that I'm finally ready, I'll be taking off in about a week.  \ I hope you have fun
Looking at pictures of a recent vacation I took with my girlfriend to the Colorado Mountains. It stinks because we're long distance, so not only do I have to be sad about the vacation being over, but also sad about being far apart again. But at least seeing the pictures brings back great memories \ That's what pictures are for. Are you guys ever going to live together?
We will eventually. But I'm in school right now, and she has a good job, so neither of us are able to move, and haven't been able to for a few years. We'll get there eventually though. \ We that's good. The photos will keep you close
I had excargot over the summer on a cruise \ The snails? Yikes. Well, I've always thought it probably gets a worse rap than it actually should, and probably doesn't taste that bad. Half of why I think it's probably gross is simply because they made it seem gross in old cartoons. So, how did it taste?
Everyone else was trying it so I did too. It was terrible but I can now say I did it \ Yeah, that's true! Especially since you were on a cruise, it sounds like it's all a part of the experience. At least you can say you didn't chicken out. I'm glad you decided to go that way, because now you have a special memory tied to that vacation;
My daughter will be in high school next year \ Oh man, I feel for you.  Kids grow up so fast.  Do you feel prepared for it?
I don't. She is a young woman now and its too much for me lol \ I hear you.  I have a 8 year old daughter and it feels like she was born yesterday.  
Someone just stole my car. \ That sucks? Did you see anything?
No, I was asleep.  I have never been so mad in my life.  The police say I should just expect to never see it again. \ I can imagine. I had a car stolen once while I was at work. Broke my heart
We went to our favorite Italian restaurant for dinner tonight. \ Was it good? I hate when your favorite place disappoints.
It was good! It always is. I had my "usual" pasta and just enough wine to feel relaxed, but not loopy. It was a good way to end a Sunday. \ That's great. Sundays are supposed to be breezy
I have really gotten into that show Power. \ I've never seen it. Why do you like it?
I don't usually like shows like that, but the writing is so good. I watch it every Sunday \ What is it about?
I'm taking care of my two nephews this weekend while their parents are out of town, and it's nice to see how the older one takes care of the younger one, despite them just being 7 and 2, respectively. It's awesome to see brothers caring for each other for a change, and it made me feel good about them. \ That's great, so you enjoy looking after them?
They can be a handful. They're not the most socialized, so especially when we have other children over, they don't quite interact well, and they easily misunderstand situations. But I do appreciate the brotherly bond they have. It's something to be envious of. \ Yeah I can understand that! Well at least they have each other, and hopefully they will grow more social together
I didn't have a pen while returning a rental car to an unattended location \ Hm, that sounds interesting. I'm not really familiar with this kind of situation, since I've never had to rent a car. What exactly happened, or what did that mean?
Yeah I was travelling in the US and they just had a drop box where you put the keys and a form in. Luckily I asked a stranger who was passing by and they gave me a really nice pen to keep \ Oh, so it was no big deal? At least you cared enough to stop someone and ask them about it. No harm, no foul.
I had to cancel on my friend tonight. I felt bad when I did too \ That happens sometimes. Sometimes life just gets in the way. Heck, sometimes you just decide you can't physically do a night out, and that's okay, too. I'm sure they'd understand no matter what. Maybe you can make it up to them somehow.
I hope I can too \ Maybe take a few days to think it over, and then when the weekend comes, think of a way to surprise them in order to make it up to them. Or if nothing else, just be as honest as possible and not try to cover anything up when you need to bail on them. They'll appreciate that the most.
My girlfriend and I had an argument this afternoon, while she's about to go away to see relatives for a week. It's kind of a bummer because we don't really communicate that well, especially when it comes to arguments. It usually devolves into us rather not talking instead of trying to fully speak out our issues. \ I am sorry, I guess some friends just argue like that
Yeah, which is fine if we were just friends, but we're significant others and we plan to get married, so it's kind of worrisome that after years being together that we're not better at communicating, or at least working through an argument. It's hard for us to put aside our personal feelings and be objective, but only when it's with one another, for some reason. \ I am sure you guys will make up
Today when I went outside to check my new banana plant I noticed the new leaf was turning brown. \ Is that a bad sign? Perhaps the plant is not getting enough nutrition or sunlight?
I don't think that's the problem. I am worried about a drainage issue. I'm going to check back in a couple days. \ Oh, I see. I am not much of a horticulturist but it makes sense that it could be over-saturated.
Last week I was so upset when my dog jumped up on the table and started eating my child's birthday cake! I really yelled at the mutt! \ Oh no, I hope your kid wasn't too upset. Maybe need to lock the dog in another room when food is out.
I can't blame him for making a move like that. I thought he was outside at the moment. Well, we were able to salvage enough for the party! \ Well that's good they yall still had cake. I'm sure you will laugh about this in the future.
I could not wait for last weekend to get here. We were going to see some new breweries  \ I love visiting breweries! What's your favorite kind of beer?
I love a good saison \ Not my favorite but I had a really good one the other day with some kind of fruit in it, I could have downed a gallon of the stuff.
I recently got an email from my old company hinting that they wanted me back. It was kind of exciting, I really wanted it to work out. \ I bet that was a nice feeling
It definitely was. The money is great and I get to set my own hours! \ That sounds perfect
Pretty envious that my friend can go out and buy a new car with the snap of a finger. \ Ohhh gotta hate that friend!   What do you drive?
An old beat up car that I need to replace but can't afford to. \ I drive a gianormous conversion van
Ahhhh I wish I was 18 again.. Things were so different back then.. \ In what ways do you mean?
well i had my parents back then.. and sodas were only a quarter. \ Wow they were over $2 when I was 18!
So my brother is turning 16 soon which means I don't have to drive him around anymore. Score! \ That is nice.
Yes indeed! I am very happy about it. Do you have any younger siblings? \ I have one younger brother but he is old enough to drive on his own,
My son passed his exams at school with good grade. I am so proud of him \ Wow, congratulations to him! He must have been studying very hard for his exams.
Yes, he is smart and a hard working boy. \ I'm sure he has a bright future ahead! Tell him to keep up the good work.
I have a dentist appointment first thing tomorrow morning.  \ The dentist makes me a bit nervous
It makes me VERY nervous. I hate it. I'll probably barely sleep tonight because of it.  \ Well at least think about the fact that it's a good thing to go to the dentist!
I moved to a different state for my husband's job and left the rest of my family behind. \ oh, dear. That sounds lonely. How are you holding up?
I'm doing okay. It was for a good reason, his new job is so much better. But it can get lonely \ I can imagine. But you'll make new connections there, I'm sure.
I moved away from my home town last year for a new job. I sort of regret it since I don't have many people to talk to. \ I know how you feel.  I moved about 3 hours away from my hometown for school and stayed for 3 years and hated it.  I moved back to my hometown and am so happy now.  I'm sorry you're having a tough time.  Have you gotten out and tried to meet people?
I have. I'm pretty introverted so it's hard for me to meet new people. I'm considering a move back. \ I would go with your gut.  Sometimes things don't work out, but you might just need more time to meet people and might want to hang in there.  I hope you meet a best friend soon!
I wasn't able to go to California for a family reunion and a friend of mine paid for tickets for my husband and me! I haven't seen my family in years and she made my year, my century!  \ That is a great friend! I'm happy you were able to see your family.
It was amazing!  I was there a whole week.  She got a bonus from work and wanted me to have it.  I have never had anyone do anything like that for me before! \ She sounds like one of a king! Not many people are that generous.
I went into the bathroom at work today and someone had clogged it. \ Wow that's really frustrating. 
It was more than that, it was horrifying.  I have never seen anything more disturbing in my life.  The toilet was overflowing onto the floor. \ Oh yuck! That is so gross!
I'm really optomistic about climate change. I think wed really can solve this crucial issue.  \ I do, too.  We just need to take better care of the resources we have and plant more trees.  Do you do anything "green".
Yeah I recycle.  \ If we could just get more people on board to do that we would be on the right track.
I saw somebody I hadn't in years. It was a nice meeting. \ Its always nice to catch up
Yes it is. I am glad that I was able to speak with her. \ I hope you keep doing thaty
I knew my dad would pull through when he had the flu in a bad way. I just had faith \ I am glad that he did. It is always good to stay hopeful.
Yeah, it was scary but good in the end \ That's great. Health scares are very real and scary.
I saw an ad for Disneyland and I remembered the first time I had ever been there \ I LOVED Disneyland growing up! Did you go often? How old were you and what was your favorite ride?
Splash Mountain, of course :D I was maybe 9 or 10, and I've only been once \ Ha! I hear you on that. I also loved the Matterhorn! And the Haunted House. We used to spend summers in Tucson with my grandparents, and they would drive us to Disneyland every year ;-)
I love the adventure and perspective of living away from my home state -- but that doesn't mean I don't miss elements of it while I'm gone! \ Same here. I actually moved to the other side of the USA, and I do miss my home
Are you able to visit often? That helps -- but it's funny how things never feel *exactly* the same, you know? \ Not as often as I would like. Air travel is expensive after all. I know exactly what you mean though!
I was shocked in a good way when my aunt made my graduation. She lived out of state \ That's awesome! What a nice surprise. And congratulations on graduating. That's a big accomplishment. What did you graduate in? 
It was in english \ Oh, very cool. I thought about majoring in English, too, but decided to go a different route. I hope your new degree helps you land the job you want! You're now in the exciting unknown part of your life.
Somehow a LEGO got stuck under my front-door to my house, and now it helped to crack the frame of the door, and it needs to be replaced. What's worse is I had just gotten done telling my child that they need to make sure they're more responsible with their toys, and to put them in their appropriate places. I'm trying to be patient and not overreact in the situation, but it's hard. \ Just try and teach them to be more careful with them
Yeah, it's hard, since I feel like what I'm trying to communicate to them isn't getting through. They repeat the same thing a dozen times,and then maybe they start making some progress. It's hard for me to see them run into the same wall over and over, so to speak. But you're right. \ I am sure it will get beter
I've been having car trouble lately, but my brother in law has been helping me get around. I'm so thankful towards him./ \ That's so nice of him to do. No one wants to help anyone out these days but I'm glad for you.
I wouldn't know where to turn if he hadn't offered to help. I hope I don't burden him for too long though. \ There's always Uber!
My mom lost her battle with cancer, I was prepared for it but it still hurts so bad. \ I am so sorry to hear that! Cancer is such a horrible disease.
It is, I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. \ I've actually lost two family members last year, so I can relate. It's something that will stick with you until the day you die.
My husband and I finally found the camper of our dreams after about a year of wanting one and we finally have our first camping trip planned! \ Oh thats sounds fun! How much did it cost you? 
Not near as much as we thought because we got an awesome deal! \ Thats great. Will you be camping in the mountains or a foresty place?
When I got accepted to my university of choice, my family and I took a trip there. It was a fun experience \ I bet that was really exciting!
Yes it was. I was ecstatic to go on a plane. \ Oh wow that does sound exciting! Are you still at this university?
I went to a bar a couple days ago and was hit on by a woman.  \ Were you happy about that, or creeped out?
I respectfully told her I was not interested, I already have a wife so I need to be committed. I would never cheat. \ You're a good guy. Did she take it well?
I got back from vacation last week and found a huge dent in my car.  \ That is awful, did the person who hit it leave a note or a call back number? 
No. They just hit it and left the airport parking lot. I'm pretty incensed.  \ You should ask the airport people if they have any security footage of the parking lot, maybe they can track down the car.
