Nothing! Haha we were in South Africa and I guess it was just hungry! \ Yeah it must have been!
im so mad i fell \ Oh no! Are you okay?
yep landed on my keys \ Ouch! That sounds painful. You poor thing.
I was going through some stuff and found a box of jewelry my grandparents had gifted me through the years. \ thats great
Yeah, it really made me think of them and old times. \ i bet it did
I ate the last two cookies in the jar. I don't know if what I did was right. \ Well it should be ok and don't feel guilty. Two cookies are not that big of a deal
Well sure, but I think I should have saved one of the cookies for my brother. \ You may feel a little guilty and I understand that, Maybe run to the store and pick up more?
I am up for a promotion at work. There are three other people up for it too but I am sure I will get it \ Congratulations on getting that far! What position is it?
General Manager and I positive I will get it. I do the best work out of the group. I have more experience as well \ Nice! That is a good role! Do you like a leadership position?
I feel kind of blue today. \ That's terrible, what's wrong?
It's too quiet around here.  I miss all the kids being around since my son moved out. \ That's awful, I hope things get better for you.
My friend just told me their secret \ Is it a good one?
Yes,  a really juicy one \ Tell me.  I want to hear it.
Nah, I promised not to tell it to anyone \ That's no fair.  Your friend will never know.
Nothing is going my way today.   \ Why, what's wrong?
I put a lot of effort into bidding a really nice project. \ And did it not go over well?
I needed someone to watch my dogs last week \ Were you able to find someone?
Yeah, my friend volunteered to do it for free! \ Well that's great,  Someone you trust too.
When I was a child, my Mother and I took care of a garden allotment. I always think back on that time fondly, it was the best time of my life. \ That sounds so sweet, it's always nice to look back on fond times.
It sure is. Maybe it wasn't even that good, but, in my memory, it's perfect. \ Sometimes all we have is our memories.
I was just reminiscing with my mother about my childhood. \ Oh? What specifically were you talking to her about?
My aspirations when I was younger. We had a good laugh when I read in one of my old journals that I wanted to be a teacher when earlier that day I had stated that I couldn't imagine being a teacher now. \ Haha! Well, as we mature, we learn so much more about ourselves.
I got teary eyed when I watched my little brother get his diploma at graduation. \ Congratulations to him! You must be proud.
I am, every time he succeeds, I succeed. I love my big headed brother. \ He's very lucky to have you.
I worked so hard on a project to find out that they had 2 teams working on the same thing. \ Wow, I hate when people feel like it's okay to waste other peoples time.
Yea. I'm going to look for a new job. \ I'm glad you are. You deserve to work for a company that values you and your time.
So I flirted with a married woman yesterday \ You're such a naughty person.  What did she do?
She was very upset. I did not even realize she was married. \ Oh no.  That didn't go well then.  Look for a ring next time.
I feel really lucky even though I don't have much. \ What makes you feel lucky?
I came across a homeless person today and talked to him for a while. \ That's so sweet of you!
Man i hate when family dies..:( \ Im guessing you must have had a family memeber die?   Im so sorry for your loss.   
Yes, it seems my elders are on their last legs and i just lost my father. \ THat must be tough to deal with.  I cant imagine losing a parent!
I went to Six FLags once with my daughters.   I didnt want to go as I hate to ride roller coasters and am scared of heights. \ Haha you are a good father. I hope you can make it through it!
I am a mother not a father silly.  Yes I made it through all right, but thought I was going to die!!   THey had me ride the ferris wheel and I was crying as they were laughing at me. \ Oh my gosh! I'm sorry! haha Thats funny. Atleast you have them a story to always remember.;)
I hope to save up enough money to run my own guest-house one day. I daydream about it all the time. \ Does a guest house mean you rent it out or you let family and friends stay for free?
Oh, it would be rented out to earn an income - it would be my job. I think I'd let friends and family stay for free if it was vacant. \ Taht sounds lucrative! I have a place in Big sky MT. it worked out very wellas far as renting.
I felt like i can't buy a car. \ Why's that? Are you worried about driving?
No the salesman won't gie me a reasonable price. \ Ah-ha! Do you know anyone in your family who's good at bargaining? Maybe the sales-person is a hard-bargainer.
Today before work when I went to brush my teeth, there was no toothpaste left. My boyfriend used it all! \ Oh no! So what did you do?!
I was so angry, I had to leave for work very soon. I ended up just asking a neighbor to borrow some. I didn't have anytime to buy any before work. I couldn't afford to be late. \ That's nice of your neighbor! Your boyfriend should've told you that there was no toothpaste earlier. Maybe there would've been time to get some. But at least you didn't go to work with stinky breath, right?
I saw another woman looking at my boyfriend up and down while we are in line at the store \ Wow, I wonder if she knew that you two were together. Did she know that you saw her?
I don't think so. She didn't even make eye contact with me. But at least my boyfriend didn't seem to notice. We were holding hands, so I assume she knew we were together! \ She totally knew! I guess it's flattering to know your partner is good looking enough to have a woman stare him down like that.
I once had a party when I was a teenager.  My parents were out of town. \ Haha everyone has to do that once. Can you tell me a great story about the party?
Sure can!   Of course you cant have a party as a teen without alcohol, so needless to say we were all drunk.   We attempted to play darts.   Since we were all drunk we missed the board leaving wholes all over the wall.  THe house was trashed when my parents returned.  Years later I feel bad about it still. \ Hahaha thats funny. I hope you guys are still on good terms. To be honest little holes sounds like an easy fix.
I went to the pound today and i felt like taking every animal home. \ I have been there, done that.  I used to be a dog groomer and I love dogs.   Its so sad to go the pound and see all the homeless dogs.
How do you deal with it? I just want them all! \ I usually deal with it by not going to the pound anymore to look.   I had a dog die in a house fire not long ago and I am just not ready for a dog.
I watched a horror movie and I was afraid at night \ I'm such a scaredy cat when it comes to scary movies. What was the movie about?
It was a demon who is always looking at you and know what you are doing. I was thinking about it all night \ Oh gosh. That's terrifying! I don't know anyone who likes those kind of movies!! 
I was feeling a little insecure so I decided to get a haircut and change my hair color a bit. I feel like a different person! \ wow. That is amazing, I love to change. What color did you choose? 
I decided to get dirty blonde highlights, just to add some dimension to my hair. I feel so beautiful now!  \ Nice. I would like to do the same, but it is very expensive where I live. I hope I can afford it one day.
I can't wait to leave the country! im going on vacation soon! \ Woo! Where are you headed?
europe it's a present from my uncle, i dont even know where i am going! \ Omg! Europe is my absolute favorite place in the world. I recently came back from Italy and Greece 2 months ago and loved it!
Wow! Would you mind giving me some adive on what to see? \ Well, I went to Venice, which I absolutely loved, but it was very crowded. I hear Florence is beautiful too! In Greece, I recommend Santorini, or Mykonos if you wanna party! 
Awesome! Santorini here i come! lol \ Yay! It's BEAUTIFUL. If you go, you will love it. 
Before Hurricane Irma last year, we quickly installed shutters, bought water, and bought shelf stable food just in time \ Oh wow where you in the area when it happened?
Yes, and my family was too stubborn to evacuate, but I think the shutters kept us very safe  \ Thank Jesus! lol I am glad you are OK.
Thank you. I hope we don't get hit again this year. \ Same. It's hard to predict.
Its time for quarterly taxes but I feel good about it. I have been very diligent about recording keeping  \ How did you accomplish this?
I just stayed on top of it this time. I have all receipts, income, deductions organized and ready \ Where do you keep everything?
I bought a big rubbermaid portable file box that has folders  \ Do you have some sort of method of organizing everything?
Just alphabetical by description. Income, expenses, deductions etc' \ How much stuff did you have to go through?
I actually was able to keep my promise to this girl I was seeing? \ Well its always a good thing to keep a promise. Can I ask what the promise was?
She wanted me to make a date. I told her I would, but I didn't realize I would be so busy at work and it was getting late. \ Well I applaud your dedication and faithfulness in making sure you kept the promise, good job!
Thank you. I actually had to stop what I was doing and just leave. Luckily I was able to work on it some more when I got home from the date, so my boss never found out I left. \ See things work out well when you make doing the right thing a priority. I am glad you followed through on it
Today when I picked my children up from school, I went the wrong way and almost got stuck. I had to turn around. I was ashamed. \ Ah its ok, we all amke mistakes. Are you in a new town?
No, I am in a new part of town. Its great! \ Good! I bet you got it down much faster after making a mistake.
You are so right! \ Did you move in a better home? 
Yes, I did. Its much larger, and my children attend school on the same street.. its about a mile long \ WOW that's so convienient.
I can't believe my younger brother makes more money than i do. \ Well, at least you dont have to worry about him begin ok in life. He can take care of himself, now. You can give him tips on making better choices with his money
Yes you are very right. I just wanted to be his role model and he surpassed what i can do. \ I understand.My little brother did too.. I have the family and he has the career. We are 10 years apart, but he make a ton more money than, I do. Maybe you can get your brother to invest in homes, and you all start a business.
Thats a smart idea! Thank you! I should try to combine forces...haha \ Right, you should! Remember they arent making any more land!
Im taking your advice and putting it into practice tomorrow! \ Wholesaling would be an great options. You could go on Youtube and find tons of videos about flipping homes with no money.. but if your brother has a little change.. Well.. Go Brother! lol
When I got back from vacation, most of my garden was dead. My roommate promised me she would water it! \ I will go out on a limb and say she didn't hold up her end, hope you get your garden back bright and beautiful
I hope so too. I was just so mad... All the work I put into my garden was destroyed. Now, I just need patience \ I understand the frustration a good garden takes time and patience, I have no doubt you will grow it back better than before
Thanks for your kind words! I really hope so! \ No problem I got faith in you, really enjoyed this chat
Found a baby bird out of his nest in my front yard, even though I was afraid that the mother wouldn't take him back I helped him back in the nest \ Awwww.. what a heart warming moment. That was so sweet of you to do! 
Yeah I love pets, got turtles running around loose most of the time when I am home \ That's so cute! Turtles running around?! Haha!! I have a rabbit, he loves to hop around my house too!
Around town it seems like traffic has been horrible lately. Driving around town is just crazy. \ People just don't seem to pay attention when they are in a hurry.
Yes, exactly! They are always speeding or cutting you off. And of course no blinker use! \ That's the part that bothers me the most. When they just cut in front of you with no warning.
My niece will soon turn 20 and as she was discussing her birthday plans all I could think of was a time when she was small \ aww, it's amazing how fast time flies and how quickly kids grow up.
I know right. Seems just like yesterday she was a baby. \ I think like that with my kids. This sounds cliche but it's so bittersweet. 
I got stock from family a long time ago. I just let it sit there. It's risen 10 times since. \ Wow! Have you looked to see how much it is worth? You could have some money.
It's enough to pay 1 year's worth of mortgage. Wondering if I should sell it or hold now. \ You might want to talk to a financial adviser about it.
So last night at work I lost my keys, I search the office for like 30 minutes. \ Did you find it?
I did but the entire office was watching me the whole time. I hated looking stupid like that. \ I'm sure everyone has lost something. They're just probably glad it wasn't them.
So my work issues laptop crashed and won't boot. But, I am hoping I can fix it myself, we all know sending it to IT takes forever! \ Good luck.  That sounds really frustrating.  Hope everything was backed up.
Thanks. Some data was on the cloud. Just hoping I can "google" the fix and be on my merry busy way. \ Sounds like a good plan.  I hope it's simple and you can get it working again.
Let's sure hope so. \ Do you have experience fixing computers?
I'm pretty tech savvy, it's just the more on work on that the more actual work I need to do doesn't get done, you know? \ I hear you.  Technology is supposed to make things simpler.  Not always the case.
I had a great time this weekend. \ Oh yeah? Nice to hear. What exactly did you do?
We took a trip to the mountains to hike.  So nice to be away from the city outside in nature. \ That's awesome, I'm from Kansas and first went to Colorado just a couple years ago. It was beautiful!
That sounds fun.  I haven't been to Colorado yet.  I'd like to go. \ I agree though, always a good time to get away and explore some nature life.
It's very relaxing.  There was a lot of people.  More than I expected to see. \ Well I'm pleased to hear you had a fun time. Hope you get to do it again soon.
Years ago, I was trying to get pregnant. I took a pregnancy test.  \ What happened next?
The test was positive! I was so happy! \ Wow it must have been good feeling
Few years ago i was in shock when my dog died \ Oh man, I'm so sorry. How did it happen?
It was an accident,car hit my dog \ That is so sad. Did you see it happen?
I found my cat dead in the middle of the street. She was run over by a car. \ ooh, sorry to hear that, was it by itself?
Yes. I had to pick up her carcass and bury her. It was heartbreaking. \ sorry. Probably the driver did not see her
i envy my sister, she is going on vacation in Paris \ Wow, cool. Maybe you can ask to tag along?
I will be at work, maybe next time \ That's too bad. Well, at least you have something to work towards and plan as a goal for yourself.
I have recently started a business with my spouse. We knew it was going to work out! \ wow. Am happy for you, just commit to it and it will thrive
Definitely, barely started on it but it's already going better than expected. \ all the best
My litthe sister read out the speech in my graduation party \ That's amazing! How old is she?
she is 9 \ Wow, that must've been a big thing for both of you.
I went to watch a movie and sat behind a group of kids who talked the whole time. It was hard to enjoy the movie. \ did you tell them to stop speaking?
I did tell them to stop. They ignored me. and snickered instead. It was irritating. \ i bet .Next time call the people in charge
I was speeding when the police was behind me \ Oh, dear. did they pull you over?
of course they did.Iwas very nervous \ Were you speeding? I would have been nervous too.
Iwas over 20 miles over the speed limit \ I see. Well, I hope all you got was a ticket.
I will be sitting for my nclex exam on friday \ I am sorry I do not know what nclex is but I wish you good luck
Its a nursing exam, thank you \ O ok I hope that everything works out for you 
The last 2 years I helped my mother get out of a bad relationship and brought her to live with me and my family thinking that it would help her move forward in life and enjoy it but come to find out it was a plot between her and my sister to push me entirly out of everyones lives in my  \ oooh, thats so scary and bad of them
Yes it was not only for me but my childen as well I found out that not only did she have bypoler but she had schizophrenia and refused to take her meds very sad \ Thats worrying, she need help
I lived by myself during my twenties but didn't like it at all. The house was always empty. \ My friend and I were out at the bars one night, doing the usual young people thing. They had been acting off a little all night, and when I asked if they were okay, they told me everything was fine. I knew this wasn't true since I had known this person for years, but the night came to a close and we got a cab home. 
Well, I'm glad it worked out well in the end. I on the other hand didn't have friends waiting for me home and felt kind of empty. \ I'm sorry you felt that way. Is it any better now?
We rode in the cab, and my friend looks at me with the most serious face and tells me they are Bi-Sexual. Though they said they usually only date the same sex and they hadn't ever told anyone about it. \ Your friend must trust and care for you a lot to confide in you like that. how did you react?
I told them that it didn't matter to me, and I still loved them like family.  \ That's good. you must have been surprised by the confession.
One time there was a stray cat hiding from a dog in my front door \ Wow! Did you try to get it out?
Yup, I adopted it and he's my pet now! \ That's amazing! He probably loves you so much
My husband went away for a weekend to celebrate his friend's bachelor party \ Wow! I hope he doesn't do anything too crazy!
I don't think he will, he isn't too wild of a person. But I hope he has fun! \ I hope you have as much fun as he does!
My brother recently lived , to start his life over he is finally liking the place , i have faith he will have a good future there \ Oh that's great. Were you able to help him move?
I was not , he just packed what he could in a bag and left to a different state , he is staying with a good friend of mine . \ Well at least you were able to introduce him to your friend. I hope everything works out for him!
I really should have studied more for my math exam in college. I decided going out with friends would be more fun. \ Sometimes going out with friends can relax the mind, who knows you might ace the test .
I ended up failing it miserably. I felt really bad and had to work really hard to get my grade back up. \ That stinks , cheer up and try again 
Hi, I was having a hard time recently \ hello, why whats happened ?
I was feeling some things in the spiritual realm and spoke with the preacher about it. \ you founded the preacher helpful ?
Yes! \ I never did go to a preacher.
My friend told me a secret about his girlfriend and i didnt tell to anyone . He always tell me his secrets . \ What was the secret about?
i cant tell you , i am a trysted friend. \ I won't tell anyone! Come on, just one juicy detail??
Hey, so guess what my roommate did 2 months ago with my rent money. \ did he lose it?
He spent it on food and booze along with a nice 200 dollar bar tab i wasn't even part of. \ Boy, that's pretty messed up.
I lost over $10,000 in an investment. \ Ouch, seeing that news probably knocked your mood down hard.
Yea, it definitely did. It's a lot of money. \ Yeah that is like half a year of rent for me. I would be livid.
I had a microfracture in my knee that needed surgery to heal correctly. It wasn't fun thinking about the surgery but I liked my doctor well enough. \ I am really sorry to hear that.  How are you healing from it?
The surgery went pretty well. I'm not 100% yet but close. \ That's good.  I'm glad you had good doctors to help you get back on your feet (no pun intended).  Are you having o be out of work?
I just celebrated 25 years at my job. \ I mean did they reward your 25 years of service at your job by giving you a present or throwing you a party. It's pretty common for workers when they reach such a milestone to be recognized in such a way.
I got a cake in the conference room, but I was actually on vacation when they did it, bad planning on their part.  Otherwise just my normal paycheck. \ You should've made them buy another cake!
Hi, I just bought a new tv! \ thats great, are you enjoying it?
Oh yea, I picked a good one with the help of the saler person \ thats awesome, im glad they were helpful!
i was upset at myself for sleeping in so late this morning \ Do you feel nice and refreshed though?
yes definitely! \ I did the same thing today, so you are not alone in your behavior friend!
Last month I had to give a speech in front of a lot of people. I was nervous when I first found out. \ Oh I'm so socially awkward and anxious I'd never be able to give a speech. How did it turn out?
I practiced over and over again until the day of the speech. It ended up going really well! \ I'm so happy to hear that! Practice does make perfect.
I dropped my iPod touch on the bathroom floor. \ Oh no! Did it break?
Unfortunately yes. The screen shattered and I went for over a month without music. \ Oh, that really stinks. I hope you were able to get another one.
My guinea pig was feeling very sick but I was able to nurse her back to health. \ Did you do some neat doctor stuff on it?
No, I hate giving chemical medicine to my animals. I just kept her on a heating blanket and gave her lots of fresh veggies. She is alright now! \ Oh yea that sounds like you did a good job!
My grandmother is sick and in the hospital. \ Oh I am so sorry to hear that. :( I hope that she will be alright. Is it serious?
Nope she is dying I just heard from the doctor! It is serious situation but maybe it's make believe.. \ Oh no! Well you better spend as much time with her as you can now. It could be any time she leaves. Oh what a heard situation you are going through! If you need a friend I am always here for you.
I won a Starbucks gift card in class recently. \ That's very lucky, how much was it for?
Just $20, but I was excited to win a contest since it so rarely occurs. \ Yeah I can understand, it's definitely a pleasant surprise.
I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. \ That's good to be able to depend on others.
Yeah, I try to really value my friendships, as you never know when they might end for some unknown reason. \ That's so true, life is very fragile and I find it easy to forget that.
I decided to stay with my current company even tho I was offered another job.  \ It's nice to be loyal to people who are loyal to you.  Is your job going to offer you any benefits for your loyalty?
It sure would be thoughtful if they did! I doubt it, but I still feel I made the right choice.  \ Why did you choose to stay?
I am on a diet but I am having a hard time sticking to it. \ Food is the hardest part when it comes to getting healthy sometimes. Dont give up! 
I won't but I am so desperate for good food.  I actually ate the leftover burger scraps off a plate at a restaurant the other day.  I am humiliated by it, but I really wanted a burger. \ Omg! Okay now I understand how difficult it really must be for you! 
I was cleaning out my bathtub drain this morning with bleach and hot water. My cat has never done this before but she jumped in and got covered in bleach and water. \ Oh my that must have been frightening! Poor little cat, what happened afterwards?
It really was. She is only 4 months old. She seemed a little irritated so I gave her a bath. \ I can just imagine, maybe she wanted a bath. Glad to know she wasn't harmed.
My friend Karl had a party, he invited a lot of people and I was not invited. I felt really bad. \ That sould make me feel sad. Did you talk to him about it?
Yes, I asked him why wasn't I invited he came up with some lame excuse. \ That's not very nice. I think it is just better to be honest, even if it might hurt.
I ate a small pizza to myself.... literally no self control! ugh  \ I certainly know that feeling.
Im supposed to be eating healthier, and major failed this week.  \ You can always improve that anytime you want to.  I have faith in you.
I took money from my brother's wallet to buy beer. \ Do you plan on paying him back quickly? 
I might, but I feel really guilty about admitting it. \ I mean its pretty crappy to take anything from anyone, but hes your brother so it is slightly less crappy as long as you pay him back! 
I used to work as a flooring specialist at a major chain home improvement store. It was a good place to work until I got a new supervisor who thought he could disrespect me without consequences. \ Uh oh.  I'm sorry to hear that.  That is never a good thing to do as a supervisor.
We got into several arguments and management decided to ignore  the problem and hope it would blow over. After a few weeks I turned in my resignation.  \ Unfortunately he wins out when you do that because it will likely continue.  Again, I wish you had been treated so unkindly.
I had my own issues at work.  I was gossiping at work the other day with a coworker of mine. \ Something juicy I hope. 
Yeah...just as I called the boss fat and lazy, she comes walking around the corner and hears me. I felt pretty vulnerable at that moment \ Whoops! Did she take it with anything approaching a sense of humor?
After training my dog I feel confident now that he can be around others dogs without fighting. \ That is good, how long did it take before you go him to this point?
It took about a month. I think it was quicker but I was just too nervous to bring him around others dogs to find out. \ Yeah i understand, it is good that you took him there though
So i was putting some stuff in my attic and i noticed a terrible smell. \ Oh no! I am afraid to ask what it was.... but what was it?
I found a dead rat up there, now im worried i might have more \ Yuck! You better put a trap up there. You know they have these wireless web cams these days for really cheap so it may be a good idea to get one of those so you know for sure if you have an infestation.
There were a lot of reasons why I needed to put my pictures of my mom away after she died but I found one this morning out of nowhere and it brought back some great memories instead of tears for once. \ Im glad to hear it brought memories and not tears! Its hard losing a parent. 
It is, I don't wish this on anyone but unfortunately, most of us have to go through it! \ yes we do i understand i lost both of my parents at 22 
Im feeling pretty good today.  \ Oh really? Is there any specific reason why?
Its been a good day at work, it just put me in a good mood!  \ That's great! Do you have good days often?
My daughter borrowed my car the other day and you won't believe what happened. \ Oh dear. Is it what I am thinking? Did she wreck it?
Not quite. She tapped another car in the parking lot. It has a big scratch on it now. \ I am so sorry to hear about that. The good thing is she is okay
It was a new car so I'm pretty ticked off. \ I would be upset as well
The day finally came for me to move and to my surprise my family came over to help. \ Wow, that's really great that they pitched in to help. You must be happy about that!
Oh yes I was, I had so many furniture. \ The more hands, the quicker the work!
I made a deal with myself to work out more to get leaner. I've been so down on myself about it lately. \ Making moves to do better is all you can do.  How has it been going?
At first it was really tough and I almost gave up on it a few times, but I turned it around and I've been feeling great. \ That is great!  The longer you do it the easier it will get.  Keep up the good work!
Thank you so much that actually gives me a boost to read that. \ No problem!
I got invited to speak at a conference, but I'm not sure I want to do it. \ What were you invited to speak about?
About online marketing.  I have never spoken in front of a big crowd before and I am very nervous about it. \ It's hard to condense a pep talk into nice little one liners. But I think if you just go for it, breathe deeply a bunch, and pretend it's just you in that room, I think you'll do great!
my next door neighbor just bought a Mercedes, I wish i can have one. \ Wow they must be doing well. Why dont you try to get one?
really cannot afford one, but the neighbor can, he is always buying expensive stuff, last month he bought a speed boat. \ sounds wasteful to me. life isnt about material things anyway. 
I had to take a test for work and didnt have time to study so i snuck notes in so i could get a high score. \ i hate to ask what happen, I imagine something went wrong
no i actually got promoted because of my high score, but i felt bad for cheating.  \ that is the problem with cheating, you have to live with it especially if you have a conscious, all I can say is to use this promotion as a lesson to better prepare yourself next time
I pretended not to hear a friend of mine when she was calling to me from down the road. \ Had she been bothering you recently?
Not really but she was rude the last time I saw her.  I just got in my car and drove away.  I feel so bad now though for not just waving hi. \ I get that. I don't respond well when people are rude to me.
My grocery delivery was 2 hours late. They said they'd give me one discount but gave me two. I should probably tell them but I'm keeping them. \ What a pain!  I think when a big company makes so much money and they say they'
Well I kinda feel bad because they essentially gave me $40 off an $80 order.  \ Oops, sorry, I didn't finish my thought.  I think they make enough money to handle it and that inconvenience is worth $80.  Plus now you'll definitely buy again with them so I think it works in their favor and yours!
Last week I had a argument with my son, he really said some mean things to me. I thought I raised him better. \ Yeah sometimes kids say things that they really dont mean in the heat of the momment
It really hurt my feelings. I wish he would've handled it better. I'm more disappointed in him lashing out rather than what he said. \ well maybe you guys should talk
So my school started back up this week. I was so ready to take on the year! \ That's awesome. It's wonderful to feel prepared!
Yeah it was a great feeling! i felt on top of everything \ Now you just have to keep up that same energy all year, that's the difficult part.
I just bought my first new car last week. \ Congradulations.   You must be excited and proud.   Are you enjoying the new car?
I was, until I wrecked it yesterday.  Ughhh.  I am so mad at myself. \ Oh no!  Hopefully you have full coverage? 
Luckily I was required to have it, but my insurance rates are going to go through the roof. \ Yeah but, its better than having no car!
true. \ Does your insurance have the "new care replacement"  option?
My fiance is having her bachelorette party. I'm excited for her. \ That is great!  When is the wedding?
Its in october! \ Are you having a bachelor party?
I already had one.  I took a fishing trip with some friends. \ The best kind of bachelor party.  That is exactly what I did for mine...20 years ago.
It was pretty great.  Went inshore one day, then bow fishing in an air boat... then offshore the next day. \ You should make it an annual trip!  Then you can always be reminded of a good time in your life.
Last weekend at walmart the cashier gave me too much change, even though I noticed this i kept it \ How much did she give you over
I gave her a 10 and she gave me change for a 20, so 10 bucks \ Most places will make her replace the 10 so you should really go back to there and explain what happened
Last night i was running and a cat jumped out of this bush and almost gave me a heart attack \ That sounds like he startled you quite a bit, hope it wasn't a black cat.
No it was a little tabby! \ Awww well other than the heart attack giving sounds like a cute cat
I had seven fishes in my aquarium, I came home from work one evening current went out and five fishes were dead. \ I am sorry to hear that. How did that make you feel?
I was crying, I wished there was something I could have done. \ I feel your pain. I hope you had someone to lean on.
Since this incident the have not spoken to me since. \ I have not seen the message about the incident but I do hope that person will speak to you.
I was having a conversation at work with a coworker and they asked me on a date. I refused since I am married. \ That was the right thing to do. You respect your marriage.
I love my mate so much. I would never do anything to hurt them. \ Awesome. I love my mate too. That coworker is very out of order! 
I finally have enough money to quit my bad job. It has made me miserable for years. \ I'm sorry you had to go through all that stress. But yay for you being able to leave that situation!
I know. I cannot tell you how happy I am. Things are a little hard in my life so this will relieve some of that stress. \ That's great to hear. It sounds like it's a well needed change. Things will look up from here!
My roommate cooked some really foul smelling meat last night, I had to leave or I was going to puke. \ Ugh my neighbors do that sometimes. It's the worst! I think some things should not be allowed to be cooked unless you live alone.
Exactly! I had to air out the place for a couple hours after. \ Ick. Hopefully the smell is fully gone now
I lent my friend a thousand dollars recently. \ Do you trust your friend?
Yes, I have complete faith he will pay me back. \ That's great.  Its good to have a friend you can trust that much.
I don't know if I should take the job offer I got today. \ Would it be a promotion?
It would be a side grade.  The pay is similar \ I hope you make the right choice!
My son recently scored "Advanced" in every subject on his LEAP test in third grade. I'm so proud of him. \ That's awesome! Gotta take credit for those genes haha
I joke with my wife and say he got those genes from me! But of course, she knows I think she's smart too. \ haha that's cool...always good to have the best of both worlds
I've learned that to be the best version of myself means working at a skill striving to be the the best at it until haters become fans \ I absolutely agree with that mind set! Pick something you're passionate about and do it with passion!
I'm glad you agree \ I'm a fitness enthusiast myself, and you'd be surprised how people even find reason to be negative about THAT.
Aliens came down the other day for the first time, and they wanted me to check out the inside of their spaceship! \ That is a pretty weird thing to have happen
Yeah, it was weirder when they hid all the tools as I was walking through the door, but they seemed like nice guys. \ Maybe you should contact the news about it
I am on a diet and last night i cheated.. \ Sounds like somebody needs an accountabili-buddy...
Yeah i told me wife that id diddnt happen to \ Wow you should probably tell her so that lies and decent don't become commonplace in your marriage.
I went to the mall with my friends. I had my purse and someone hit me on the shoulder causing my purse to slip off my shoulder unto the ground. He did not apologise \ That is not ok to do.
Definitely not, accidents do happen sometimes but at least, he could have apologized. \ Yeah people like that are jerks
the fair is in ton and i took my son you shouuld have seen his facve \ He must have been very excited! That is awesome.
yeah his eyes just light up \ Ah. You must do it more often. Children are so precious.
I was caught drunk driving last night on my way home from the bar. \ Oh no! Did they take you to jail?
Yes. I am so ashamed of myself but glad I did not hurt anyone.  \ Yeah, I wouldn't feel to good about myself either but at least no one got hurt including yourself.
I haven't seen my brother for ten years before he came to visit me in January. \ Oh my, it must have been an exciting time for you seeing your brother after such a long time
It was. I was a little nervous too but we had such a great time catching up. \ I can understand why it would be a little nerve wracking but I am glad you caught up with him
A few nights ago i heard a noise outside my window \ Sounds scary. Did you find out what it was?
I looked but i never saw anybody but still \ Were there any recent events in your neighborhood that would make you worry?
I loaned a friend some money believing they would pay me back in a week. I have not heard from them since. \ you should go to their place
I did. They would not come to the door. \ that is sad that they cant atleast talk to you
All day at work my coworkers would laugh when I'd pass by. I had no idea what was going on until I got home and noticed I had a giant candy stuck in the back of my hair! \ Oh no!  They are mean to not have told you.  I would've told you.  How did it even get there?
I'm thinking my three year old probably left it on my pillow last night! He has an issue with not throwing away his candies into the trash. And yes, I'm I wish someone had told me! Now I dread going back to work. \ Oops!  Well, just hold your head high because things happen to all of us and it doesn't speak to who you are as a person so just let it roll off your chest.  Shame that people are decent enough to help.
I'm going for an interview for a job on Monday and am feeling nauseated when I think about it. \ Hey, I bet you'll do great! Nothing to stress about. 
I just really want this job more than any others and its hard to get in.  I'll be crushed if I don't get it. \ Just try to stay positive and get a good night's rest the night before and I'm sure you'll do amazing! Just have to go in with confidence.
I've trying for years to get a great deal on a pizza oven at home. I finally was able to secure a real brick oven for cheap! \ Wow, you must really be excited. Do you have room for it in your kitchen?
It's actually going outside for now. It's going to be a huge one! I just cant wait to make all the pizza I can. \ That sounds delicious! Can I come over?
I recently found the baby book I made for my baby when she was born... she just turned 21. \ Congratulations on the good raising of the kid! I bet you were just flooded with all kinds of memories.
Yeah, it was amazing to see all of the little firsts that I wrote about. \ Wow that is so sweet. Have you shown her it yet?
Yes, I did! We had a lot of fun reading it and talking about it. \ That just warms my heart, thank you for telling me that.
There were really loud thunderstorms last night. I thought it was going to break my windows with the hail \ Hail can be freaky! Was there any damage?
Trees down but nothing too bad. I just don't like thunderstorms \ We don't get them too often, here. Though there's usually a few tornadoes that touch down somewhere in the area, each year. 
I got to visit with some of my old high school friends a few weeks ago. It's hard to believe it's been over thirty years since we first met. \ I bet that was nice though.
Yeah, there's only one of them I really keep up with. I'll probably never see the other two again.  \ Does your high school do reunions where you could see them again?
My puppy fell off the couch and hurt his paw. \ Wow, what happened next, is he alright?
He is fine now, but I took a couple of days off of work to nurse him back to health.  Poor little thing. \ Wow what type of dog is he? Is he a big one that acts tough or a little one that needs lots of love?
He is a baby Australian Shepherd.  Just a sweet little thing. \ Wow, I actually love them! Did you take him to see a vet? You seem so concerned about him to even take time off work.
I was very concerned.  We went to the vet and she said it was probably just a sprain.  Better safe than sorry, though. \ I am so glad to hear that. A healthy puppy makes everyone happy.
I had a hard time choosing which phone to get. I ended up getting a new phone with all the specs. \ Nice!  What did you end up with?
I ended up getting a google pixel 2. I know it is a little expensive but I wanted to have a good phone that will last a long time. \ I say if you can afford it enjoy it.  What is your favorite feature?
The fingerprint scanner to unlock is so effortless that it makes unlocking you phone fun. Have you tried one? \ I haven't, but I would love to get one.  I love full feature phones!
I do too, I love technology. Even though it is expensive, I love messing with it and updating it. \ Everything about getting something new like that is fun!
I remember playing catch with my dad. \ You must be very fond of such memories. Do they make you feel nostalgic?
Yeah, thinking about it takes me to a special place in time. \ Its always good to think about such moments, I wish I could go back to these times.
I let my son drive the car for the first time. I felt he was ready. \ Wow, he did he do?
He did well. My trust in him paid off and he will apply for his full license soon. \ You must be so proud of him!
I was able to up my average amount i can bench press the other day! \ What am amazing feeling that must be!  Did it take you a long time?  Must have felt so satisfying.
Yes. I have been lifting for anout 8 months and never was able to improve my weight limit, until now! \ Its paying off!  That's awesome. How much can you bench?
Tomorrow we celebrate my daughters 16th birthday. I can remember when she was 6 and obsessed with unicorns. Time moves so quickly. \ I agree! Is she excited?
Definitely.  We have planned this party for a long time and we're going to get her a used car in the morning that she's contributing money to as well.  It seems crazy that my daughter is driving! \ Haha, Good for her! She is becomeing more independent! Do you know what kind of car?
I was supposed to drive a friend to work \ oh yeah what happened? 
I forgot to pick him up as I overslept \ omg is he upset? 
I am kind of nervous but hopeful...  \ About what exactly?
I let my friend borrow my car today.  \ What did he need it for?
I can't get myself to sell my grandpa's old Cadillac.  \ Feeling sentimental much?
I suppose so. It holds a special place in my heart even though its so old. \ I know how you feel.  I've got old rifles from both of my grand fathers... along with some WW II bring backs.  I don't think I could sell them.
My pet snake died \ Sorry to hear that. I hope you're not feeling too sad. 
I had him for 18 years.  \ I had no idea snakes even lived that long. I am sure he was a faithful buddy to you.
So , my step daughter just bought a brand new car. wondering what the heck am I doin wrong here. \ Maybe its time to find a new job?
Maybe your right. She got a lexus. That's one of my favorites! \ Awesome.  Are you feeling a little jealous?
Totally! LOL \ Don't worry, I'm sure she'll put a dent in it before the month is up.
Lol, lets hope so! \ You should take a ride with her and try to get her to paralell park in a tight space or something
I found the baby braclet they put on my father when he was born at the hospital. \ oh my goodness. Thats so cool. who did you show it to.
I took a picture and sent it to my parents.  It was an interesting find in an old box. \ Wow, love looking through memorable s. brings back good memories.
It's pretty great, its not often you come by such a small relic... and from all the way back in 1954 \ Yeah, tell me about it. I have nothing from that far back from my family.
Maybe you do.  You should look through some old boxes. \ I will. I bet my aunt has some things to give me.
I had a bad headache this morning. I had coffee delivered and was so thankful for it. \ Yeah, I know what you mean. Coffee always cures my headache. But then again it is probably not having coffee that causes the headache too.
Yep but also drinking coffee causes more headaches in general. I try to avoid it unless I already have a headache. \ I wish I could say the same. I am addicted. :(
I used the restroom at a nice restaurant and I had toilet paper stuck to my shoe and didn't know it until I left.  \ Oh that is the worst feeling! I hate using the restroom in public as is. 
Yeah, I wish someone told me at least. They all probably just laughed. Haha \ Maybe.  For me I just don't want to cause a stranger to be embarassed lol
I haven't seen my boyfriend in about a week. \ Why not? Is everything okay?
Well it is always like this, we spend one week together and one apart, so he has time to be with his kids.  \ That must be somewhat frustrating at times.
I had to put my ferret to sleep last week. \ Oh that is awful. The loss of a pet is just the worst
I know, I am so hurt just thinking about it. \ I hope it starts to not hurt so much. I always take forever to stop hurting from those things.
I trust in my brothers, they very rarely let me down \ It is good to have people you can count on. If you can't trust your family, who can you trust? :)
Exactly, it is a big deal to always have someone to rely on \ Totally! I also have a very trusting family.
I am probably one of the few people in the world that looks forward to winter coming. \ I am with you, i like it a lot more than summer personally
I can get so much work done indoor and the beauty outside is wonderful. I love winter clothes and all the winter holidays. \ I feel that, I hate being hot. In the winter I can be comfy and I can always just put on a jacket if I get too cold, but in the summer it is not that easy.
I took some copy paper from work today and got caught. \ That's unfortunate. I hope you didn't get chewed out too badly.
I did. I got caught by my supervisor and she said I will be put on probation. \ I guess they don't see it as just copy paper. To them stealing is stealing no matter how petty. At least you have the chance to change your ways and keep your job.
When you took your driver's test were you nervous? \ I was very nervous. I did not know if I would pass or not.
I took mine last summer I was nervous also. My heat was racing the whole time. I was so anxious! \ Did you pass the test?
We just had a house fire one month ago. We lost most of our things and our dog, Pudges. \ Sorry to hear that, it must be absolutely devastating. But you must stay strong.
It really shook up our world but possessions aren't important and we are thankful that our family didn't get hurt.  Its been surreal but we have had do much support from others. \ I am glad you have all the support you need. The important thing is your family is safe. 
I just got an email today that my dream college just rescinded my admission offer. \ What? Oh no! Can they do that?  I would fight it and see what happened.  You must feel sick.
I think so, but I still feel physically sick because of the devastation. I feel like I have no idea what I am going to do now \ I am so sorry.  That is awful. Definitely look into your rights as an accepted student who was counting on that and made all your plans around it.
My cats for the most part are angels, but they've absolutely destroyed a very nice sofa bed my grandmother left me when she passed. \ Oh no! I take they still got their claws. mine is the same way but there is one piece of furniture he just insists on ruining.
This is the first time ever they've done this so I am so baffled. I'll tell you what, this thing is totally shredded. \ oh my goodness. they got a taste of it and went to town. i'm so sorry.
It's ok. At first I was livid and sad because of the sentimental value but now I just have to cover it all up I guess. \ Yep, thats what I did with the chair mine messed up pretty bad.
Have you ever gone to an open mic night? \ Yeah I've gone a few times actually. Do you like them?
I love them. I just practiced my new song and I am ready to share it on stage. \ That's awesome! I wish you all the luck, but I bet you won't even need it.
Thanks! I think it's one of my best work. \ It's going to knock everyone dead! I'll be rooting for you
Sometimes I feel envious of those that have money than I do. \ I am the same way, I barely make anything compared to a lot of people I know
Yeah, and it seems so hard to make money these days, at least for me. Maybe I should move to the city where there are more opportunities. \ I think cities are more expensive, like living costs, so I do not want to live there ether personally
I feel so bad about breaking my moms picture display, it was very elaborate and nice \ Oops! Do you think that you can replace it?
No, it took a lot of work and special photographs \ Oh know. I am sure your mother will forgive you. I was an accident and we all have accidents sometimes.
My sister let me take care of her dog whilst she was away. I really enjoyed taking care of him. \ That was nice of you to do. What kind of dog does she have?
Its a Labrador. I cared for him so well i think I spoiled him a bit with all the treats! \ I love dogs! I am thinking of getting another one.
I wrote a 20 page paper for a class. I walked away from the computer for a second and when I returned I had lost all of my work. \ Oh my, do you have a draft saved. Or was that the only copy?
That was the only copy. I had to start from scratch. \ It must have been so aggravating. I hope the due date wasn't the next day! 
A friend needed help moving \ So did you help him / her
Yeah, he didn't know of anyone else to turn to for help so I gave him a hand \ That's pretty nice of you
I'm always stoked when I get a text back from a really attractive girl I didn't expect to hear back from...but I do a good job hiding it \ Why do you hide it?
Because girls find it more attractive.  In my experience \ Why is that considered more attractive?
Last week I put in a bid to purchase my first home! \ That's amazing!  Did you get i?
I haven't heard yet. I would really like to get it, but I have to wait to see. \ Waiting is the worst!  Well, whatever happens is meant to be.  I wish you luck and success with your house!
I take my family to the local soup kitchen to volunteer a couple saturdays a month and we really enjoy helping. \ That's really great. You're setting a good example for your kids, too.
The people there are teaching all of us so much.  I hope so. I want them to not be afraid to show kindness to people. \ That's really great! Your kids will thank you for giving them that important lesson.
For the first time in my life I am financially secure, have my own home, and a new car.  \ That is a good place to be.  Are you happy with your job?
Yes I feel content that I am in the right place. I hope it only gets better from here. \ I'm sure it will!
We just had our third kid and I think I'm good with just these three. \ Yep more than that and you will need a big house and lots of toys! 
I already have all that, but three seems to be just perfect.  I love these little ones. \ Aw I am sure you will be good parent to all of them. Kids are the greatest joy in life.
I let my Tesla drive on autopilot for four miles yesterday! \ Really? That must be fun
Yea I felt I have enough faith in the car to drive properly and not cause any accident1 \ That is so nice I wish I had a car like that.
I woke up this morning and saw a scratch on my car, I have no idea how it got there. \ Ugh do you have any security camera that might have captured what happened?
Unfortunately not. I know it is going to cost a lot to fix it.  \ I hope so too. Its really annoying when that happens and just ruins your day. 
I recently had a shop fix my car. They worked so fast! \ That's good, did you have to wait there or were you able to go home?
I was able to go home, but I realize now that I didn't even have to \ Haha that;s rare when it comes to mechanics.
I am so ready for my test. I studied for 5 hours striaght.  \ I hope you do very well! What subject?
Thank you. It's Psychology. \ I think you will do great!
My husband is going through the process of quitting smoking on top of dealing with drama from his parents. He is having a hard time. \ im sorry, thats awful. its a shame his parents arent being more supportive
They aren't being supportive at all, but that's not surprising, that don't support him very well in anything. I just wish I could make it better for him, but I can't \ im sure he appreciates having you around though
i believed my friend would return my cell phone to me in time \ I'm assuming that he/she didn't return it in time. I'm sorry.
i accidentally left it at his house and had to message him on facebook and ask him if he could drive it over \ Oh, I understand. Did it bring it to you at all?
I am as sure as the sun will rise tomorrow that I will get this job promotion! \ That is amazing!  I'm really happy for you!
Thank you! I have worked so hard for so many years and finally it shows that someone paid attention. :) \ It sounds like you really deserve it!
When we moved, my grandfather gave me a lamp as a gift.  He attached a cut out of a spider to the inside of the shade. \ Haha! That definitely must have scared many people that did not know what it was. That must be hilarious to watch!
I screamed bloody murder when I saw it lol \ hahaha I can imagine! I guess I would have done the same. I hope you got him back. Heehee
My husband was sick with a really bad cold a few weeks ago. I tended to him to make him comfortable while he got better.  \ And you know when men get sick, they're on their death bed.
LOL!!! Yup! But seriously, I was happy to do it for him. He always does the same for me when I am sick.  \ And you know when men get sick, they act like they are dying.
I had always thought I could have faith in my mom to help me out when things when tough but I was wrong. \ I'm sorry about that. What happened?
I just needed assistance to get out of the bad situation I was in and she basically told me I was on my own after telling me for years If I ever wanted to get out, she'd help me. \ Wow, that stinks. Hopefully she will be there for you next time if you ever need help again. 
I lost my mother recently, she was sick with hypertension and diabetics \ I am sorry to hear that.
I can't get over it, I cry all the time. \ It must be very difficult for you. Do you have someone you can talk to about it? I find that remembering the good times helps you keep their memory alive.
I try to treasure the memories that we have. I keep close to family members as well. \ That's great. It's nice to have family around that can help pick you up when you feel down.
I am really excited about this weekend! \ Awesome! What are your plans for this weekend.
I am going to spend some quality time with my family. How about you? \ That is wonderful. I will be spending time at home.
I think that is what we will be doing mostly, but they are normally gone all week and I am alone so it is nice when I get to see them. \ That is so sweet. Family is very important
Several years ago I got to be on a game show! I hoped to win a lot of money. \ That's awesome! What show?
Jeopardy. I had a lot of fun, but unfortunately I lost and only got a small consolation prize. \ That's an interesting experience!
I have some great friends. One of them drove me to the airport tomorrow \ That was really nice of them. I bet you're appreciative.
Yes I am, they are great \ I'm sure you'll do a favor for them in the future.
My 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. I'm worried about her. \ Has she had a history of illness?
Nope, she's been very healthy. She's just getting old. \ I'm sorry to hear that. 10 is still very young though so I hope you have plenty of more time to spend with her.
My brother is watching over some possessions of mine while I leave for a trip. There's some expensive exercise equipment he has to look after. \ I have some of that too. It would make me a little nervous.
I am kind of sweating bullets over the decision, to put it mildly he is very flighty. \ Ugh, well I hope the best for you, that it is all nice and intact when you get back.
Yesterday my friend bought the Ferrari I always wanted. I deserve it more than him. \ Wow, thats a nice car
Yes, I don't know how a clown like him ended up with one before I did. \ It happens sometimes I guess
I was so excited when my brother was coming home from college. I could hardly wait \ It must have felt good to see him after such a long time.
It was so nice \ A brothers bond is unbreakable. I'm glad you guys got to spend some time together. 
Yesterday I was not at all patient with my little brother. \ Really? Why you should have been patient.
I was helping him with his homework and he didn't understand. I yelled at him and I shouldn't have. \ Oh dear. Maybe you were just a bit impatient but I am sure he will forgive you 
I got one thousand dollars from my father for my birthday. \ WOW! That is really cool! What will you buy?
I have not figured it out as yet  \ Have fun spending it!
I still remember when I used to wait tables back in college and dropped the plates when serving an important patron.  \ That must have been embarrassing, wasnt it?
It was. I was left red faced and got fired the week after. \ Did you retaliate against your boss?
I was ashamed when I broke my moms vase. \ Was it a prestigious or expensive vase?
It was one her mother gave her, I was playing beyblades and I broke it. \ Looks like it was just an accident. It happens and you shouldn't blame yourself for it.
I have a job interview coming up! I'm nervous, but I think I'm ready! \ Great, since you are prepared I'm sure you will do great!
I've studied the company's history, CEO and mission statement! Anything else you think I should know before I go in there? \ If you could speak with someone that work there you could learn more about what to expect and what things they value the most, but you certainly seem very prepared.
With all the climate change happening in the word, I don't know what's going to happen where I live, specially since i live near the coast \ It's very scary! I live near the coast too! I don't know if my home will still be here in 50 years.
Exactly or even before that!   Are yo planning to move? \ No, I'm not. I'm hopeful that the deniers will start to come to their senses and maybe we can slow the warming of the earth.
I have a wonderful family and my health that has been horrible, is finally turning around with my hard work. I am happy with life. \ I am so glad to hear everything is going well for you!. It is good to hear your health is improving.
Thank you. I am glad too since its been 13 years of suffering.  I can't really be upset about anything in life so just enjoying it. \ That is a long time to suffer. It seems like it is a new day for you.
My sister fell ill a few weeks ago. I went to her house to take care of her. \ Oh no! I'm so sorry!  Is she okay? That is so great that she has you.
She is doing much better now. You always have to look out for family. \ I agree.  Be there no matter what.  I hope she heals quickly.  
Last week I almost got into a car accident, I was terrified.  \ that does sound terrifying , are you feeling better ?
I am but I still think about how things could've been so much different right now if I hadn't swerved just at the right moment. \ at least your ok, thank god for that
Earlier a phd student posted he wanted to talk to someone on a fb online forum , i did he sounded like a nice kid , he promised to pay me , i trusted him \ That's good that you trusted him. Sometimes I miss out on good opportunities because it is hard to trust.
its good that i trusted him it was like a 5 minute call, and he promised me some money i checked and the money was already in there 5.00 dollars \ That's awesome. That's a good amount for a little effort which is always nice. 
These days I'm trusting my intuition and following my gut to achieve my goals.  They've gotten me this far and haven't let me down yet \ your intuition seems to be trustful and the right way to go
Yup fully self-employed paying my own bills and own my own car...finally feel like an adult, bout damn time \ must be great to have that feeling of accomplishment and independent.
there is an upcoming promotion at my job, I am sure i'm going to get it. \ Nice, for what position
as a supervisor. I feel that all of my hard work and skill has given me the inside track for this position \ That's pretty great, you must really take the initiative.  Good job
I have all my ingredients for my dinner party and now I am getting ready to prepare a feast! \ You're much braver than me. I would never host a dinner party.. don't feel like I'm good at planning, and don't feel like I'm interesting enough to talk to a bunch of different people.
Yeah, we all have different personalities. But you would come to a dinner party if invited, right? \ I think, maybe, yeah! It depends on who's there, and if I felt comfortable with the host. If I felt like I had enough people to kind of "rescue me" and who I could talk to at the party if I got anxious and couldn't talk to strangers, then that'd be alright. Other than that, I just kind of do like maybe a group of 4, max
We had a group meeting at work and there was some leftover pizza. While everyone was getting ready to leave and they weren't looking, I snuck the rest of the leftover pizza in my purse and slid out! \ haha... you little thief! (joking) That must have been some good pizza!
It was not bad.. from a local place. New York style, which is my favorite. I'm sure they didn't really care in the grand scheme of things.. I just hadn't eaten all day and still felt like a hungry pig even after we had some during the meeting. Someone mentioned they wanted to take the leftovers home to their spouse too, so that made me feel a little bad \ Ahhh, oh well. Don't beat yourself up. I am pretty sure that I have done something like that before too. I think it was with birthday cake. I love birthday cake!!!!!
So, is it wrong to not want your child to join a sport because you just don't want to have to take them to practices? \ Haha! No! It's not wrong! My son played travel baseball for 6 years and we spent 6 days a week at the ballfields!
That sounds awful! I feel a bit ashamed, but I really just want to talk him out of doing it. \ It's a huge commitment for him and you! If you don't think you can do it, I wouldn't sign him up. There's no shame in that!
I recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years! \ Wow! How did it go?
It was so nice seeing my old house, school and the woods we used to play in. I really miss that area! \ That must have made you feel pretty nostalgic!
I was really late to work the other day, and my car was running on fumes. \ That would really stress me out
Yeah I just knew my gas was going to run out before I got there. \ That is just the worst feeling. Part of the reason I work from home
My neighbors left their trash in the hallways. It is attracting flies. \ Oh they need to take care of that asap!
Yeah, it is really gross. We only have to get it out of the door anyway. \ Well for your sake I hope it gets taken care of soon.
I was doing a presentation at work and in the middle of it my computer crashed! I couldnt believe it! \ That awful!  Were you able to continue without it?  That must have really messed up your rhythm.
It did! And no i had to stop and restart because it was vital to my presentation. \ Did it start back up? Glad you were able to start over.
One of my friends was telling me to not include my best friend in a movie night. I told her if I couldn't invite her then I wasn't going to go either. \ You are a good friend.
I can't stand when people do that without good reason.  I try to be because people deserve that. \ yes they deserve respect unless they do soemthing cruel.
I have the worst headache and I yelled at my kid a few minutes ago for being so loud. I feel bad. \ They are just kids, I think you should give them toys to play with and also take a pain killer
You're right, I didn't mean to do it. \ :) we have all being through the age. You will miss this stage when they finally grow to become adult
I passed all my professional exams and got the company it's biggest clients, don't you think I deserve promotion? \ I think so! That sounds like you worked so very hard for the company!
Yes but my immediate boss don't see things the way I do :( \ Have you tried to talk to him?
me and my mom have been feeling blue , ever since my brother moved far away \ Why did he move so far away?
time to start a new life , it was about that time, but it still hurts us as a family \ That's very sad.  I'm sure he'll be back to visit.
I accidentally broke a vase at my moms house on sunday. \ i hope your mom can understand , it was an accident and everyone makes mistakes 
I haven't told her yet, she didn't notice. \ lol, well hope she doesnt notice
I went back to my old neighborhood to see friends and it was a crazy feeling. \ Was it a good feeling or a bad feeling?
A good one. I missed the old days. \ I do too. Being a kid was so easy.
Yes not realizing how cruel humanity is was very peaceful. \ Also not having a ton of responsibilites!
Yup! I don't want my children to lose that anytime soon. \ Yeah I completely understand that.
I just started working out again after almost 20 years and I was very nervous at first. \ Oh man, that's a long break. How did it go?
It went good. Everything came back to me pretty easily. \ That's great! Did your co workers help?
I was working out not working. \ Hahaha that's funny. my bad, I feel like i need to hit the gym again as well.
I definitely feel better on days that I go. \ Yea it sucks to go but feels great once you leave.
August is coming to an end. I always go back to my childhood when the last week before school starts were some of the most exciting times of my young life. \ What did you get up to in August usually?
A lot of horsing around usually, but many adventures at what seemed like a far distance away from home. I always choke up thinking about it. \ I used to love bonfires back in my day those were the days.
Times were so much more simpler back then. \ Agreed, what was your favorite memory?
Just avoided cheating on my girlfriend. \ Whoa that's out of left field, how'd that happen.
i was at a party and this girl came up to me and tried to kiss me, I had to say no. I'm a faithful man. \ Good for you! Are you going to tell your girlfriend about it?
I am I have too, she deserves to know. \ You are an honest man as well. I salute you! A rare breed indeed.
We just got a new rabbit as a pet! \ Aww, so cute! I bet your having such a fun time with him/her!
It's fun, but also a bit yucky. He isn't litter trained yet and has made a mess of the carpets. \ Wow I didn't know you could litter train rabbits. It's always challenging house training a new pet. I hope he learns quick!
I broke one of my mom's crystal figurine, I tried hard not to tell her but in the end I felt so bad I had to tell her. \ Aw, that's too bad. You did the right thing by telling her though.
Yes, she didn't even get mad. I still felt so guilty about it though.  \ Maybe you could save up and purchase her a new one.
I feel happy to know that God has got my back and I don't have to worry about anything. \ I am right there with you!  God is good and wow, He's been with me through so much hardship.  I'm so happy you feel the same way.
Oh yes. He is there within all of us and he is the greatest friend we will ever have! He will never let us down. Even when we think He has we should only think it is something that I need to learn and He is so caring that He wants to teach me. \ Yes, we can always count on Him to know the bigger picture and have faith that He's working for our good.  Hope you have a blessed day!
I miss how we all used to celebrate Christmas when I was a child. It was such a warm and cozy time. Things are really changing in this high tech modern world. \ They really have changed. I know exactly how you feel and love thinking back to the time.
Yeah, so you remember all those wonderful old Christmas movies and all those commercials they played in between. I still have some videos of recordings from the 80's.  \ Those were awesome! My favorite was the coke commercial at Christmas time. So many memories!
We just found out the person working in our accounting department has been stealing money from our company for years. \ Yikes! That is terrible! What a awful thing to do! I am glad he finally got busted! Wow, for years, huh?
Yes, it just makes me sick to my stomach. You think you know someone but the whole time they are stealing you blind. I don't get some people \ Yeah, me either. Hopefully they regret what they did and are able to learn something from this.
Today has been awesome. I just feel like life is finally coming together!  \ I am glad that it is
thanks! :)  \ Its nice to have things like that happen
I got really happy when my brother said we were going on a trip. It was a trip I always wanted \ Where was it to?? 
It was to asheville for some nice breweries \ sounds awesome! 
In July, I found a large moth inside a cottage that my brother and friends were staying at. \ Oh fun!  How big was it about?  Did it have neat markings on it?
It was as big as a small bird, I was super surprised. It was furry and white all over. I caught it with a cup and let it outside so it can live on! \ I think I saw someone post a picture of those online. Maybe it was a lunar moth! What a fun experience!
My sister gave birth to a beautiful healthy baby girl last week! I was so happy to meet my niece. \ What is your nieces name?
Amelia, she makes my heart so happy! \ That's amazing, was it your sisters first baby?
I planted a whole bunch of flower bushes this year. I cannot wait until next spring when my entire garden will be in bloom with so many wonderful colors and smells. \ It will be amazing!  I should do that too!
Yes! I just went to the local nursery and they had so many plants to choose from. I made sure to only choose the ones that had some kind of fragrant smell. I am dreaming of all the flower arrangements I will make next year. \ That sounds so great!   I hope your plants grow beautifully!
After feeling depressed for days, I took the time to sit outside in the sun and have a nice chit chat with my mom. \ That sounds like the perfect remedy for feeling down. Getting out in the sun and outside the house/bed is so good.  I'm sorry you're struggling with depression.  I understand.
Thank you for your kind words, it means a lot really. And yeah the cool breeze felt so comforting, it completely changed my mood! \ I am so glad!  You know what to do to help your body and mind and that is good self-care.  I try to do that as well as meditate and pray in the morning.  Really refocuses me.  I'm glad you're feeling better!
Hello! So you even win a eating contest before? I won a Jello eating one back in scouts. \ I've never been in an eating contest! How much jello did you eat to win? 
Like a big ole paper plate of jello. there was whip cream too. \ What was the prize for winning? 
I won weird hat with yellow,green, and red strips with dreadlocks coming out of it. \ Wow that's kind of cool. 
One time I went to an interview for a really competitive internship with a great company in my field. I thought it went great and that the interviewer and I had a great conversation, but it turned out I didn't get it.  \ Yeah, those are rough when you are so hopeful about it.
Yeah it was really disappointing!  \ Yeah, hopefully your still looking for another internship.
There may be a hurricane in my area soon I am kind of scared. \ I imagine, are you prepared for it?
Not yet, but I will start preparing. I am worried we may lose power or our house may flood. \ Oh yes, last year with huracan Irma we went without power for 5 days.
i felt nostalgiac going through old childhood belongings \ Aw, did it bring back a lot of good memories for you?
yes definitely, it was great \ That's awesome. Sometimes I wish I could be back in my childhood. Maybe if only for a day. ha ha.
i forgot to pay my credit card bill, I'm so disappointed with myself. \ I am sure it'll be ok. Usually if you stay in contact with them and don't blow them off for a long time it will be OK.
Yeah but i am usually so meticulous about those things.  I hope they don't charge an overdraft fee. \ I would call them. They usually give you some credit for that.
My aunt passing away randomly was bad. It just hurt so bad \ I bet.. what did she pass away from? 
She had a heart attack \ ugh thats terrible im sorry for your loss 
Im feeling very positive in a deep way today about my moms diagnosis.  \ I hope she is okay
thank you! she will be okay shes a fighter  \ I bet, good luck though
I just applied for a promotion, and I should earn at least 10k more. \ That's awesome. Do you think you will get it?
I hope so! It will help finances a lot. \ Yes, definitely. Do you plan on buying anything new?
Last time I was at my parent's house I went through some old photo albums and started reminiscing. \ What did you think about?
I just thought about how easy and carefree life was when I was a child. I was never alone and always had something to do. \ glad to hear you had such a carefree childhood. do you have siblings?
I was cleaning up and found some old photographs of myself as a child today. \ Oh cool. I love looking through my old photos. makes me feel warm and fuzzy.
It made me feel nostalgic for my childhood. \ Me too. I love to ponder about the good ole days. Did you share the photos with your friends or parents?
I was roasting a chicken in the oven and forgot to put the timer on. \ Oh no, did it burn?
Well, it was so dry I had to find something else to eat. I was so mad! \ I hate when I do that, but it is better for it to be cooked to long, than not long enough....
My entire family was able to make it to our reunion. I was so happy to see them \ That must of been fun, where did you meet?
It was fun. We held it at a beautiful state park and everything was perfect. \ That is amazing. I hope I can get the family together soon.
I failed my math exam. I am an idiot. \ Oh no, that's terrible. Is there anyway to redo it?
No, I will just have to get an A on my final. \ You better prepare well for that final.
I have been slaving away in the kitchen all day and my in-laws are about to arrive. I have falafel wraps with tzaitziki and tahini dressing and a couple sides. I'm ready! \ that sounds amazing, I hope they enjoy it a lot!
I hope so too!  We love it and its all homemade.  \ It sounds like it will, i hope you have  a great dinner!
I love my girlfriend a lot, we have been dating for almost 3 years now! \ That's wonderful!  Are you thinking of proposing?
maybe, we are not really set financially yet is all \ That's a good thing to be financially prepared, trust me.  My husband and I spent most of the money we had on a honeymoon and then struggled for years doing things the wrong way. You're smart!
It was my birthday and my spouse bought me a necklace with diamonds. \ Wowza! That is a good spouse. Were you suprised?
Yes I was, I felt love and appreciated.  \ Good i bet you deserved it. :)
I am so mad at my bank. they somehow thought to charge me for a credit card i didn't want. \ That is not good. Did they give you back your money? 
Yes but i had to spend a whole hour on the phone explaining why they were at fault. \ I would be upset too, they need to do their work properly.
I agree! \ I am glad that you got it cleared up.
Thank you. I hope they won't do anything like that in the future. \ I hope so too, you should have reported it to a supervisor or manager.
I am thinking about looking for a new job. \ Why? Are you not happy with the job or you want to make more money?
It is going fine but I would like to be closer to home. I just do not know if I should give this job up. \ Well I guess you should probably find a new job before quitting your present job.
Recently I was looking to buy a car and even when I am not in the market anymore, sales people keep calling me everyday \ I have had that happen before and it is super annoying!
Yes I guess next time I will give them a false number. \ I do not blame you one bit!
When I was a kid, I got chased down the street by the neighbor's dog.  She was literally nipping at my heels. \ i used to get chased by dogs too , back then when i was younger fences were not to common
Yep!  I was saved by the bus driver lol, he showed up just in time. \ lucky you , i was bit a few times but it was my fault i provoked the dogs 
I love video games , i used to love going to the arcades i would rack so many wins , and usually bummed when i would lose , ah the good old days \ That sounds fun!  The arcades were always kind of noisy for me though.
Its not for everyone , everytime i see an arcade its a blast from the past \ You should go in a play some!
I have to go back to work soon after being off on maternity leave. \ Oh, that's so hard! How are you feeling about it? Itching to go back, or dreading it?
I am dreading it because I do not like leaving my baby with anyone. I will be leaving her with a neighbor that I know will be good. \ That's good! At least it's someone you can trust instead of a stranger at a daycare center. 
My son had an ingrown toenail so I took him to the podiatrist today. It was pretty gross! \ Ouch! What did they do for it?
He numbed up the toe and dug out the section that was ingrown. It was all red and infected. My poor kid! \ That sounds so painful! I hope it gets better fast.
my job interview coming up has me pretty nervous. I keep thinking about it. \ That can be nerve wracking.  Are you worried?
Yes. I have trouble presenting my true self when under pressure. \ Ah.  I find a mock interview with a friend can help.
Oh good idea! I will try that today. \ Good luck!
I went to the doctor on Monday. \ That is smart of you. How did it go?
Not fun.  They did a biopsy. \ I am sure you will be OK. The doctors can be very scary sometimes but most people get scared about things that aren't worth it.
I am so pissed of at President Trump \ So many people are.
he is such a douch-bag.He is a racists misogenist \ I totally agree. Why do you think some people really like him though.
I ordered food yesterday and my fries came with seasoned salt. I hate that. \ Did you call to complain?
No. I just know next time to request that its not there. Who even likes fries like that> \ Less salt is always better than to much salt on food.
i have a presentation tomorrow. I am ready for it. \ That's good. I assume you have studied hard and are prepared?
for the past two weeks I have bee working on it and this week I have been practicing it  \ Good luck! You will do great!
My old cat is very sick and we have to put her down next week. \ that is so sad to hear, it must be tough for you
It is very difficult. She is 23 years old. \ wow that is a long time, but remember you had great experience with her and will have fond memories for the rest of you life
I was out on a bachelor party with my friends. A girl wanted my number but I told her I already have a great girl at home. \ Good job! Hopefully she deserves the faithful person you are!
SHe really is great for me. I cant imagine being with anyone else. \ I can't help but be a little jealous. haha
My mom can be a little too persistent about things she doesn't know much about. \ Its possible she is just trying to be helpful.
I feel like she wants to be in charge too much. it is kind of sad to watch. \ I can see how that would be really annoying. Just nod and say yeah. Thats what works for me.
My nephew took me riding with him after he got his drivers license. I had to believe that he would keep us safe. \ Did he live up to the belief?
It was a bit scary but we survived. \ That's great!  I'm sure he appreciated that you trusted him.
My nephew just started talking full sentences! \ How exciting for you. Kids truly are amazing. Now the fun really starts.
I know, it's so crazy!  He went from saying basically nothing to having full conversations. \ Now you will have to really be careful what you say around him. They tend to repeat everything they hear when you least suspect it.
I was able to graduate today after 4 years of school! \ That is great! Congrats!
Thank you. There were a lot of moments i felt like giving up but i perservered! \ I bet you are so happy you stuck with it.. definitely something to be proud of.
My sister's husband is going out of town for the weekend and she hates being alone. \ Aw, will you be able to keep her company?
Yes. I invited her to come stay with me while he is gone. \ That is very thoughtful of you. You are a good sister!
I just learned that my niece was invited to the honor program in her new high school \ Aw, nice! That's kind of cool, actually. I hope you really encourage her to stick to it and do well. Sometimes there can be a lot of expectations that come with that stuff, so whatever you can do to not add pressure to it would be great.
Thank you for the advise, I'll do my best not to pressure her \ Yeah, I think her parents or her peers, or even herself probably, may put  a lot of expectations on her. While you want to reassure and encourage her, it's good to not make her plan too far ahead in the future and put all that weight on her. It's what my parents did with me, and I resented them for it.
Roommate just walked in on me while I was... trying to... "feel good" if you know what I mean. So awkward. My door doesn't have a lock, either. I told him to not come in, and he just kept coming in! \ I not sure what do you mean, but can use my imagination,  it sounds like something really embarrassing.
Yes, I was... self-pleasuring, if you can understand that. It was definitely an awkward and embarrassing position to be in. I just went out there and tried to have a normal conversation afterwards so that we could move on as quickly as possible. But I was mortified. \ Yes what I thought,  I guess your roommate must have been more embarrassed.
My mom just texted me a picture of her and I when I was really young. I'm on the other side of the country right now, and it made me miss her badly. Wish there was a way I had money to surprise visit her. \ Dang, i can relate i moved away from my mom a long time ago and still get a little homesick.
I know, right? And she's going through a tough time right now with my other brother, so I feel really bad for her. And I feel helpless since there's not much I can offer. I just try not to cause problems for her or make her worry, at the very least. \ At least now a ways you can face time or call her to at least stay in contact.
I was at a friends house and he had the grossest kitchen i had ever seen! \ I feel like this is me. I'm clean, but I'm stuck with a dirty roommate who doesn't do dishes. And I also live in a place that is old and looks terrible to begin with. Sorry you have to deal with that, because I know I hate living in it!
Oh man at least i don't have to live with it. I don't know how people are ok with nasty homelifves. \ Me either. I've always been a fairly clean person. Had to move out of my parents home for college, and both roommates I've had have been kind of messy. I don't know how people don't feel weird and uncomfortable making other people live in/clean up their mess.
I got lost in a bad part of town \ Oh no! That can be very scary! Did you make it out ok?
I did, thankfully. I had to rely on someone else's directions. \ Was it a stranger or someone you knew?
A complete stranger. \ Haha wow, thats cool. 
Isaw the most amazing sports play yesterday! I was shocked. \ Oh really, what was the play?
A wide reciever in a football game made a one handed catch. \ That is awesome, I remember Odell Beckham doing that a few years ago.
I'm in a really awkward position. My best friend is cheating on his girlfriend, and my own girlfriend is telling me I need to speak up and reveal his secret. No idea what to do, and I'm disappointed in my friend, too. \ That's horrible. I'd talk to your best friend and tell him how you feel firstly.
You're right. I'm worried about having to possibly lose my best friend. I'm worried about having to stick my nose in other people's personal affairs. I'm worried about my girlfriend being mad about me being involved in it. It's all just a big hassle. \ If your best friend is truly a best friend of yours, they won't leave you over this. It isn't right to tell his girlfriend in my opinion, but it is good if you speak to him about the situation.
I once called my girlfriend's mother mom by accident. \ Haha, I'm sorry but I had a little laugh at that. It reminded me of the time I did that to my teacher in school. I was embarrassed, but it made me feel better to find out that it seems like it's a common thing that happens, since they're female authority figures that you can easily mix up.
Exactly, especially since we were only dating for a few months! I felt so awkward but she just laughed it off. \ Yeah, she knew what you meant. She probably forgot in two minutes, while you've thought about it for much longer. The best thing to do there is to just show off your sense of humor and ability to make fun of yourself and not take yourself too seriously, which it sounds like maybe you did.
College football officially starts tomorrow. \ Whoop Whoop! Thanks for reminding me. I have to purchase youtube live for it.
I can't wait to watch some football! \ Same here! Who is your team?
Texas Tech Red Raiders! \ Nice! I asdly am a corn husker. it's been a rough couple of years.
My family threw a suprise get together for me! \ That must have been so fun!
It was. I had an overwhelimg feeling of joy. I really love my family. \ It sounds like you have a great family!
I miss high school. My girlfriend was the best \ I enjoyed highschool, too.
That's great. College was also fun \ College was pretty laid back for me, I did a lot of online classes.
I have been feeling a little nervous about getting into grad school. \ I guarantee that you will be fine! I graduated with a master's last year
Thank you, I sure hope so. What is your degree in? \ Environmental Engineering - my second engineering degree
I was worried when I was deciding whether to put my schooling on hold \ I'm sorry to hear that. Why would you considering putting it on hold?
I have 3 kids that really need me to be more available. \ Yeah, raising kids is very tough. I do hope everything works out for you. Just find a way to keep your motivation up!
I spent $60 on a game that was really hyped up of being amazing and I just really couldn't get into it! \ That is disappointing.  I wonder if you can see if anyone you know is doing it and they can hype you up for it.  
One of my other friends also bought the game, but he also dislikes the game. I guess we're both out of $60 now! \ That is no good!
After many years of depression, it looks like I am beginning to get better. \ That's wonderful news. I have also battled depression and am feeling better now. That  is a real big deal.
Thanks, I am hopeful that I can now restart my life where I left off before my depression. I will be completing my BA in a few months. \ Wow! congrats and keep it up. I know it helps me to stay really busy.
My daughter came to visit today. We had a really nice day. \ Thats nice to  hear. Its the best feeling when kids come back home to visit. 
Yes. I brought out the old photo album and we looked through and talked about the old days. \ Aw it must have felt so nostalgic going through old memories. Its nice to cherish them. 
My husband's been out of town this week, and will be gone for another week. \ Do you miss him?
I do.  It's so quiet without him, I can't get used to it. \ Be sure to facetime or skype with him. That will help with the loneliness. 
My son informed me today that he was charged with possession of drugs \ Oh no, that's terrible.  Is he in legal trouble?
I suppose so. This is not how I taught to be and am so disappointed he has done this.  \ This is such a difficult thing for you to go through.  I hope he learns from this and changes his path.
My son will be turning 2 in a few months, and I am a little sad about it.  \ How come?
Time just goes by so quickly. \ I understand. But you must cherish every moment because soon our babies grow up and become great adults.
I rented out my bedroom to Airbnb customers and when I returned it was left smelly and diapers every where. \ Oh, that is horrible. I am sorry that happened to you!
Its okay. I called a deep cleaning company to clean it up because I so disgusted by it. \ I don't blame you, I wouldn't want to mess with that either. 
So jealous of my buddy. \ Why is that, might I ask? Maybe I can help you reframe it better to look at it more positively.
He got some new shoes and mine are old and beat up. \ Oh, I see. Yeah, it kind of stinks being around people who can afford things you would like. But maybe you can view it as you being more mindful and responsible with your money.
Was able to negotiate the rent of my apartment back down to a better rate, after they had raised it for the new year. I was kind of worried I'd have to find a new place, but now I don't have to move anything and go through that annoying process \ That's very lucky of you, what do you plan on doing now?
Not much. I plan on being able to relax now and not have to worry about finding a place and moving before school starts. I was really worried about it, since it was coming down to the wire. I can barely make the rent payments, but at least I won't have to pay for moving costs and all that. \ If you did have to move, might I suggest Boston as an alternative?
I'm nervous about this test I did. \ Don't be nervous. I am sure you did alright. It is normal to think that but most of the time it is all in the head.
I studied pretty hard so I'm hoping for a great mark. \ Oh good, then there is nothing you should be worried about then. :) Go relax and distract your mind on something else. All will work out my friend.
The pigeons keep coming into the house a pooping all over the place! \ That's gross, why are they coming in?
Well they are actually my pet pigeons. They are the beautiful white ones with a fan tail. But they sometimes like to come inside to see if they can munch on anything. \ You should probably avoid feeding them if you want a clean house.
I really miss my aunt. I am a bit of a loner and she was the one i always talked to. I had to move far away from her recently. \ I hope you feel better soon. Maybe you can take a trip out to visit her?
Here soon i plan on it. And thank you! I am sure she feels the same way. \ I bet she really misses you. How far away did you move?
About 600 miles. So i'll most likely fly. \ Oh wow, that's really far! Well I hope you get to go soon and have a safe trip!
I've been considering adopting a cat, but I already have three dogs and I'm a bit afraid they won't take a liking to a new animal, much less a cat. \ Yea that can be tough. What kind of dogs? Are they easy to train?
They're all huskies, so they're very smart dogs. Maybe I can slowly introduce them to the idea and keep them separated in different rooms. \ Yup. I did that with my new cat and it ended up working out OK.
Really? Well that gives me more confidence to take the dive and adopt a kitty! \ Yup! I am sure you guys will get through it!
My college entrance exam is tomorrow and I can't stop thinking I will fail. \ I can understand the anxiety, I'm sure you'll do fine though!
Thanks. I hope I can at least get some sleep so that I cam fresh in the morning.  \ Sleep is so important before an exam, that's where all your facts and memories get better organized
Oh, I am so sad that my family could not come and visit me. I miss them all so much. Why is life so busy for everyone these days? \ I sure wish it wasn't. I live far from my family and they can't even make time for me to go to them. So I feel for you, it is very sad.
Family should come first, right? The people of today are just becoming more isolated and lonely. I wish everyone would wake up! \ Absolutely first. Especially when you don't live close.
I took credit for some work that wasn't mine. My coworker has not found out yet. \ oh no... will you tell them? 
I don't know.  I feel really bad.  Should I fess up? \ i think so its for the best 
I really really really hope i get this job  \ What job?  Don't be discouraged if you don't get it though!  Keep trying!
I really really really hope i get this job  \ Everything happens for a reason.  When one door closes, another one opens!
Recently I had a very good customer service experience with my cable company. Not only did they fix the problem they gifted me free premium content for a year! \ I bet it wasn't Comcast! They wouldn't even give you a cup of water for free.
That's so funny! I was so surprised too but really happy. I might even pay for the services when my free year is up. \ I am glad you had a nice experience! Its difficult to find such a company that cares about its customers!
My dog eats other animals poop. I have seen them eat goat, duck and cow poop. I hope they don't get sick. \ Oh, wow! That is crazy, have you talked to the vet?
The vet says that this can be normal but to make sure that I give them their worm pills regularly.  \ I thought it would be normal. Good thing to be cautious. 
I recently bid farewell to a good friend. I miss her \ I am sorry for your loss. I hope you can find comfort during this difficult time.
Thank you, that means a lot. I will see her again \ You will, and that is what gives us the strength to face tomorrow!
Last night there was a terrible thunderstorm. I unplugged all my computers and electronics. Then there was a loud bang and I heard my electrical box make a loud click. I think my house was electrocuted! \ Well it is a good thing you unplugged everything!
Yeah! I learned my lesson from experience. We get pretty crazy storms out here.  \ That is a good lesson to learn early, I am glad everything turned out okay for you!
