Well my dad dropped the news that he was going to be out of town and couldn't make it, so that felt bad. \ I understand. Did you planned it another time?
My new Tesla drove 4 miles on autopilot by itself! \ Wow thats amazing. You must be excited and full of joy!
I agree, and I am so impressed by all this new technology. \ I can agree how you can feel amazed about. Maybe I will get one so I can be amused just like you. 
Me and this girl have been dating for awhile now,so I think Im going to ask her to be my girlfriend.  \ Nice! You must be pretty confident she will say yes.
Yes I agree. I feel that way about it. You know me too well.  \ I hope it goes well for you and brings happiness to you both.
My transmission in my car went out the other day, maybe it won't be too expensive to repair. \ That's never fun!  Large unexpected expenses are the worst
Yes they are. I had just put a down payment on a house too, so my money is tied up. \ Oh no! At least you have something to look forward to, the new house!
I was at a restaurant recently where the waiter refused to wait on a black couple \ That's awful. It's a shame that there's still racist people in 2018!
I know.  I got so mad at the things she was saying, I left the restaurant myself after offering to take the couple somewhere else to eat \ I would have done the same thing.
We spent a day at a local nature park. It was so nice and relaxing. Being outdoors is just so pleasant.  \ Yes, I litke that too. Do you do that frequently?
Not as much as I would like. We have five kids so we are always running around with their activities.  \ I understand.
I went to energency last week. They took my clothes. When I left the energency, I got my clothes back and I found that all the money that was in my wallet was gone. \ That is awful! You should file a complaint!
I filed a complaint. They said that there was not money in the wallet. They made me mad. \ I would see if you can escalate it. Talk to the corporate level. 
I really dont want to sell my old Cadillac. But I need the money. \ That sucks. I hope you won't be out of transportation
Yea I will get a cheaper car. It just that I am so sentimentally attached to the Cadillac.  \ I bet! They're really cool cars with personality
My sister's cat got sick and had to be put down last week. Feels bad. \ That sounds terrible. But hopefully it isnt suffering any more. 
She had stomach cancer, so she was in a lot of pain. Definitely the right thing to do \ I agree, just remember her for all the good memories. 
I have a huge exam coming up tomorrow. \ Have you been studying? That is intimidating but I bet you'll do great! What's the subject?
It's for a PC Architecture class. I'm feeling really good about it though since I studied really hard all week! \ What an interesting course! I hope you do really well. Exams can be so scary- they can cause such anxiety. 
As a child, my parents would take us on a big road trip to Disneyland. I was looking at pictures this week and those were some great memories. I wish I could go back to that time! \ Oh those definitely sound like some good memories! At least you have some pictures.
Yeah, it was such a simpler time. Being an adult sucks so much ha ha! I guess I should plan a road trip like that with my own children.  \ I'm sure they would enjoy that quite a bit. They can make memories just like you did.
We might have to fly, I live in a different part of the country now. Road trips are great, do you like them? \ I do like them but I haven't been on that many, unfortunately.
I tripped and fell face first at a bar last night. \ Oh no are you alright?
Yep, my pride might be a little brusied though. \ Well, just never go back to that bar and make all new friends!
I hurt my elbow a little over a month ago, but I thought it was almost back to being 100% again. \ Glad to hear you're feeling better again.  How did you hurt it?
Just exercising, but I tweaked it again last night and now it's hurting again. \ That sucks.  Maybe you need to be a bit more careful until its fully healed.
Many of my friends were invited to a party. I felt very left out as I sat at home. I always invite everyone.   \ I feel for you,but dont take it the hard way,its well
I need to focus on other things instead.  \ Thats what you should do
People that are honest are honest are hard to come by these days \ I am sorry you have had back luck. There are some honest people out there. 
That is true but some people are just insincere \ I know, it is true. You just have to try to focus on the good, I suppose. 
My daughter got into the university program of her choice.  \ That is a really exciting time. You must be so proud.
I'm really happy for her. I hope it leads to a fulfilling career.  \ I know it's hard when they first go off for college, but it sounds like you raised her well.
I am fuming. I saw someone key my car while I was at the grocery store the other day. \ Oh no! What a terrible thing to have happen! Were you able to confront them?
No, I was checking out when I saw it happen. I didn't even know them. I don't know why anyone would do something like that. \ That is just awful. Now you'll have to pay to have it repaired. 
I am submitting a proposal for a manuscript to an editor. I am hoping she will publish it! \ Oh that's amazing! Is it a novel? 
Yes it is! A light romance about a horse rescue.  \ How long did it take to write? I always admire the stamina of people who can write a book. 
I was visiting a high school for my job recently and I slipped and fell in the hallway with many students watching. \ Oh I'm sorry. I hope you weren't hurt!
Just my pride! It was so embarrassing! There were definitely some giggles.  \ That's okay. It happens to everyone! 
I dreamed that I had taken in a family of cats. I might rescue  one now. \ Must've been a pretty vivid dream
Yeah. My kids loved them. I've always wanted a cat anyway, \ Did you grow up with dogs
Even though I grew up in a small house in a third world country the company of my family was worth more than diamonds \ Family is important.
Do you have kids \ I have three. They are my world. I wish we lived in the country and not the city.
I made a stupid mistake at work. Because of that mistake, I was fired. I am angry at myself. \ I know it's a blow, but you're only human. Everybody makes mistakes sometimes.
My boss didn't understand that. The mistake that made cost him a lot of money. \ I'm sorry. People can be greedy and unempathetic.
There are maggots all over my building's garbage bin this morning. I got one on my arm when I walked by \ That is very bad. Did you complaint to the landlord?
They don't care. They live upstairs and are very dirty people. I'm moving as soon as I get a job! \ I understand. The best thing is to move.
I have been jobless for 14 months. Last week, I finally got a job. I am so happy. \ I'm very happy for you, thank God you could get a job, that's good!
I can now pay my bills. It is a relief. \ I imagine it was very complicated for you when you did not have a job, that happened to me once and I felt very distressed.
My family is very happy and loving, they make me feel very happy. \ That is nice. How many brothers and sisters do you have?
I feel I can overcome the trials of life if I have them by my side, I thank God for that and I want to give them my best always. I have 1 sister and 1 brother. \ Nice.
Had my first trekking expereince in the canyon last week. It payed off using all the things i learned during the scouts when i was small! \ Nice. Did you like it?
I did. the scenes were really rewarding. also felt good to have all the tools and skills necessary  \ That is nice.
In the past, I was jobless for 14 months. So now, I am putting a lot of money in my savings in case this happened again. \ Sounds like a real example of learning from the past. sorry you had to go through that. are you better now?
I am better now. I have paid my debts. I can now think about the future. \ Sounds like youre in a good place. Congratulations!
I went to the race track. Since we used to go there with my grandparents, it brought back a lot of memories.  \ That's so funny, I was just looking at the racing schedule yesterday! I love races- if you are talking about horse races. And good memories are the best. 
They were the horse races. My grandparents went twice a week.  \ Did they used to take you? They can be so exciting. 
I won tickets to a show I really want to see! I can't wait to go in a few weeks. \ That's great! That is wonderful luck!
Yeah! I was so excited because I was going to buy tickets! Now I don't have to and they are better seats than I could have bought.  \ That is wonderful. I hope you have a great time!
Last week I saw a three piece rock band that sounded so huge that I was sure they were playing with a backing track. I asked their tech, and checked their equipment and guess what!? It was just them! \ It was who,who were them?
I'm sorry if I was unclear, I mean that the band were playing completely live (with no backing track). \ Ok,thats amusing
I dont like being taken unawares,so i get them ready befor time \ So you definitely believe in the old adage: fail to prepare and you prepare to fail?
Exactly,u will always be ready whenevr you are needed \ That sounds like a very sensible philosophy. 
My next store neighbor brought me dinner yesterday evening. \ That is so nice of them! What did they bring you?
Some friend chicken, green beans, mashed potatoes. \ It sounds delicious! What a good friend. 
We took the kids to Lion Country Safari. They had a lot of fun. It was just nice to be there with them and let them have fun.  \ That sounds like fun. Did you see any lions?
Yes! We always see them there!  \ What else do you see besides lioins?
One time while I was driving to a friends house in the country, my car broke down in the middle of nowhere \ Oh my! You must have been terrified about it! Did you get it fixed?
I had to wait there for a couple of hours with no cell reception.  I was able to walk to where I had service to call a tow truck when the storm cleared \ Im sure it was very scary for you. Your such a brave person with alot of courage to do so. 
Coming home driving in the rain my car hydroplaned on the freeway! \ That's awful! I'm always scared that's going to happen to me when it's raining
I agree and thank god I was the only car on the freeway , otherwise It would be a different story! \ You got lucky for sure!  I can't imagine how scary that would be
My coworker just bought a new BMW 335. That is my dream car! I wish I had is so bad! \ Wow! That is a very expensive car! Did they win the lottery or something?
I know his wife makes pretty good money as well.  It must be nice to be able to afford that kind of car. \ Yeah. Must be a smooth ride. Lucky guy!
My landlord has not fixed a leaky tap in my apartment even though I've asked 4 times.  \ That's not good.  Can't you withhold if they refuse to fix the leak?  I would be really mad! 
Yeah, my next step might be to call the tenant board. It's costing me a lot to lose so much water, not to mention it's wasteful.  \ That is true about the waste.  I would sue for compensation.  I think the law is on your side regarding this issue.
I'm amazed on how many people came to the parade considering the rain! \ Really, where was this parade at? I'm in Missouri and it was absolutely pouring on Friday
I'm here down south and It has been pouring as well, but that didnt stop people from coming! Im shocked.  \ I usually don't let a little rain stop me unless it's ridiculous!
So I learned to bowl using two hands yesterday and it was my best game ever! \ Wow! thats great! I bet you feel proud of it!
Yes, very! It's also way more fun for me to put spin on the ball than traditional style bowling. \ I bet you were full of joy and laughter yesterday! 
I had some financial problems. I finally paid all my debts. It is a big relief. I am so happy. \ That is great.  That is a big worry off your shoulders I'm sure.  
Yes, now I think about the future. That is nice. \ I am glad to hear it.  It is a lot more productive to focus on the future than the past.
I found out the other day that I am a finalist for a promotion at work.  It made me feel excited and good about the future \ That is great. They noticed you because you are doing a good job,
I sure think that is the case.   Feel very positive about my chances  \ Good luck with that.
I got robbed, while i was alone at home \ oh no, that must have been terrible.
indeed it was, it was so late in the night as well \ how long ago was it, were you hurt?
I'm looking forward to the future a lot lately. \ well, we all do. I hope you achieve what you set out to do
It's not so much what I'm trying to achieve as it's something I'm looking forward to happening. \ oh, well what are you looking forward too?
She felt so left out \ who felt left out? I'm confued?
My sister,she was not invited for a party by her friends,so she started feeling bored \ That's unfortunate, what did she end up doing?
I found a copperhead in my backyard this morning,. \ What did u do with it afterwards?
I just shooed him off.  They're a little scary but, they're not typically to agressive. \ Ok,thats a lot better
I just got home from vacation and there was an awful stench in my house.  Turns out I forgot to take the trash out before I left \ Oh that's not fun! I hope it cleared when you took it out! 
When I finally realized what it was, I took out the trash then lit every candle I have and opened the windows  \ It should have cleared it. I once left bread for two weeks when I went home for winter vacation.
My daughter entered a hula hoop contest with a lot of kids. She won first prize!  \ That's so cool!  You must be proud.  I'm terrible at hula hooping
I tried and lost in the first round! She is more coordinated than me! \ It takes a lot more skill than it appears to!
So I came home to dog poop everywhere yesterday! It was gross! \ Oh no! Were you gone for long?
We were only gone for 2 hours! You just can't leave them alone I guess \ What a bad doggie... hopefully they don't do it again
I'm giving birth on wednesday.... I can't wait! \ Wow, congratulations! Are you nervous?
Yes but I can't wait! I feel like I've been pregnant forever \ Awesome! I hope it goes smoothly and that everything works out great for you!
In garage, there is a lot cockroachs. We all complained to the landlord but he is doing nothing about it. \ That's not right! You could probably complain anonymously to the city. 
I will try that but I am thinking about moving. I can't live in such disgusting place anymore. \ No. There's definitely something wrong if they won't call a pest control company.
When I had my first baby, it was amazing. I was just so happy and joyful that I had been given this blessing.  \ That is nice. How many childrens do you have now?
I have five kids! \ Congratulations.
I looked at my pay-stub online and noticed I got a raise today! I couldn't believe it. I've only been there 3 months so it felt good to get noticed for my work ethic and performance. \ That is great. Good job.
Thank you! It felt great too, since I left my last job because I felt underappreciated and overworked. So, it was a nice present of appreciation to see! I was shocked. \ Nice.
I go out with one of my friend. This friend is so cheap that he doesn't to pay for anything. He even once embarrassed me in a bar. \ That sounds frustrating, especially if they are inconsiderate and drain you of your funds. They sound kind of entitled.
He asked the barman if he can bring his drinks from home. I was so embarrassed. \ Oh wow, that must be embarrassing to deal with. Sounds like they are going through a financial situation, but they should at least talk to you about it since you two are friends.
I am starting a new phase in my life. Completed all debt and off to a new start \ I can hear the sigh of relief in your voice. I bet your anxious about what the next chapter will be. 
yes very. but I know that it will be good.  \ I can tell your proud of yourself. Im happy for you!
Thanks! I hope to learn from my mistake and continue to progress \ You will be fine! Stay optimistic about it
I try to be. it can be difficult on some days, but I think I have a good attitude towards most things \ I agree, but having great joy in life helps
I just saw a commercial about the Rescue Animals. Everytime I see it it makes me so sad.  \ oh no. feeling empathy towards them just shows you're normal. There's a lot of people in your boat
Yea. It reminds me of my old dog that was a rescue. So many memories. I want to go get one actually.  \ whats preventing you?
I started nursing school and work full time, so I wont give much time to it. I want it to be a happy dog.  \ you sound too kind. You'd be a great dog mother/father!
I love mystery boxes in games! Unfortunately I usually don't get anything good. \ That sounds fun!  What are they exactly?
Almost any game that has an online component! Like right now I play The Secret World and it has mystery boxes. \ It sounds like you really enjoy it!  Good for you!
I am going on a camping trip next weekend! I have my bags and supplies all packed and ready to go. I think I am all set and ready for anything! \ That's great! I hope you have lots of fun and don't get too bitten by mosquitoes
I packed everything I need for every situation, including bug spray! \ Don't forget marshmallows!
I was in a party and I asked a girl for a date. She rejected me and told almost everyone in the party. \ Wow.  That was uncalled for.  I am sorry to hear about that.  Sounds like she is not someone you would want to date anyway
Yes. I felt so bad that I left the party. \ Do not let it get you down.  There are plenty of people out there who are jerks.
I was at the grocery store the other day.  When I got out I noticed someone dented my car with a cart!   \ That is terrible. How much did it cost you to fix it?
I haven't found out yet.  It makes me want to track the person down and give them a piece of my mind! \ I understand. Does the grocery store have outside some camera?
I woke up really wanting some coffee... turns out my coffee machine isn't working. What a morning \ Oh NO! It can be annoying especially early mornings at work with no coffee. Hope you stay away!
I'm going to go buy another asap! \ Sounds frusterating. I hope your next one is more dependable. 
So I will be going to see my mom after 2 years of not seeing her since starting school! I cant wait \ How exciting! She must be thrilled too
Yes she is. We are all so excited to finally hang out! We have so much planned \ I hope you guys have the best time!
There was such a bad thunderstorm last night that the power went out \ That's not good! I'm assuming they got it back on for you?
Took like two hours... and the thunder and lightning was scary! \ I bet it was! That's pretty quick for them to get the power back on actually. In my city it would take a full day.
I'm feeling very motivated and good about school this year. I think I can get much better grades this time. \ It's good you're motivated! That's a step in the right direction
Thanks! I've realized that school is extremely important and I can't squander my opportunity away. \ I agree. I wish I could go back to school and pay more attention
There was very little warning. It was the middle of the night. \ It was a fire warning?
Tornado. \ Wow, what is it a big one?
My boss didn't accept my vacation plan. I made me unhappy for the day. \ That has to be disappointing. Can you change your plans?
Yes, I had to. He had my vacation shorter. \ Now you have something to look forward to.
So the role I worked so hard for went to a person who could care less about the play!  \ That unfortunate.  Are you feeling a little jealous?
I guess you can say that! What a day! \ I hate it when stuff like that happens. 
I agree. Maybe I will act like him next time.  \ Haha, nooooo... don't do that.   There are too many of those people in the world as it is.
Yeah your right. I will stick to my little envious rant and go about my day \ Sounds like the best course to me :)
I get to go to the zoo this afternoon. \ I be you cant wait! Seeing exotic animals is so exciting!
I haven't been to the zoo in more than a decade too! \ This will be fun! I bet your full of joy right now!
I'm looking forward to it. \ Im excited for you! Enjoy your day!
When I worked at a bank, a man came in with a gun to rob us \ That is so scary! Did they catch him?
Thankfully our security guard had been in the back and was able to catch him before anything too bad happened \ I'm pleased to hear that, the security guard sounds brave. Still, it must have been very stressful!
My friend bought a house in a very cheap market town and 6 months later a very walthy company opened an enormous regional HQ there. His house has doubled in price and he has paid off all his debt and now is very well off. I'm pleased for him but envy a little luck \ That's amazing and a very quick profit!  I'm a little bit jealous myself.  
Yeah. It is one of those strange moments where a place can go from being a place in the cheapest third of housing markets to being in the most expensive third in just a couple years! \ It's amazing the effect something so seemingly small, like the company headquarters opening, can effect an entire town like that
Once, I went camping with my family. We saw many animals and a beautiful creek. It was a happy time. \ That sounds so great. Being in nature makes you feel so good. 
It does! I really hope we get to go camping again this fall. \ You should just make a plan and do it. It sounds like it is worthwhile. 
We spent a lot of money on pizza. The order was all wrong. They were very rude to us when we called them.  \ That sounds awful! Did they fix the order?
I don't think it ever came out right. They really messed up.  \ I don't think I would ever order from that place again!
I saw a mouse in my kitchen this morning.... scary little animal \ Yikes, I would've been freaking out.  How did you handle it?
I ran away! My husband grabbed it and put it outside \ haha I would have run too!
My husband and I just celebrated our ninth wedding anniversary. \ That's so nice... almost a decade!
I know!  We've been through a lot of changes, moving, a baby, etc.  But we still love each other jusat as much :-) \ Very happy for you! To many more!
I'm meeting a girl for a date at the zoo this afternoon. \ Awesome first date! Hopefully it goes well for you.
I'm optimistic. I think its going to go well. \ What's your favorite exhibit at the zoo?
So yesterday I went bowling and the ball got stuck on my hand... I went with it. \ Yikes.  Did you get injured?
No, but I was shocked at how a small 12 pound ball can carry you down the lane due to the momentum. It was quite funny. \ Yeah and the lanes are really slick.  That's pretty funny and maybe a little embarassing too.
We order Chinese food last. The order was completely wrong but the lady seemed very helpful when we called. \ That sucks, sorry to hear that. Did you get a refund?
We didn't get a refund but they were able to fix the order. I was really craving Chinese! \ Hopefully they get your order correct the next time you order there!
My brother got a nice new toyota 4runner for his first car! I'm lowkey kind of mad at him for it. \ I would be too! That's a really nice car for his first car!
No kidding! I hope he understands the value of it! \ I do too. Maybe he will left you drive it!
I had a bit of a situation with my cat lately, he went missing for 2 days! \ Oh my.  I bet you were a nervous wreck.  How did you find your cat?
We ended up finding him in a nearby shed. He walked in and got locked in. We heard him crying! Luckily we managed to bring him and feed him quickly \ I am glad he is back home and safe again.  You must be relieved.  
My air and heating guy came over for a routine check on the systems.  He told me I needed a whole new Air Conditioner Unit.  I was not too happy \ That's awful! Especially in the middle of summer!
I know.  The worst part is the unexpected cost of it all. \ Were you able to afford it?
I got a call this morning letting me know I won a new rifle in a raffle I entered. \ that's amazing 
I've entered a bunch of those. Finally won one. \ I wish I can win like you, I have never won anything before
im not about that I have to give my spot to someone else  \ You have to give your spot to someone else? What do you mean exactly?
only two people can fit into the remaining spot in the car and there was this woman that said she needed to go to the hospital ASAP and since there were no taxis I had to let her \ That's unfortunate but, an emergency is an emergency.
I recently applied to medical school.  I really want to be a surgeon \ That is great!  Are you nervous about whether or not you will get into med school?
I'm trying to be optimistic about it.  My professors all said I should have no problems getting in \ That's good to know!  I would be super excited if I were you!
My cat just scratched up my brand new leather couch while I was at work! I am so mad at him right now I could scream! \ That's frustrating!  We have cat scratching posts EVERYWHERE to try to avoid that, but still had to put the sticky tape on the couch to prevent scratching
I have a cat scratch past as well, but he really liked the smell of the leather.  I should have known he was going to do that. \ Cats are always getting into things they shouldn't, but I still love them
I ate a lot of my kid's Halloween candy. I told her the candy was old and I had to throw it away. \ Did it taste good?
It was really good! She had a lot of candy. I was hoping she wouldn't notice some missing! \ Did it taste good?
I went to St. Augustine when I was a child. When we went back again, I really enjoyed it, especially because I kept remembering what it was like when I was a child.  \ What did you do there?
We went to the fort and to many museums. It is a fascinating place! \ That sounds like a lot of fun! I have never been there
My cousin got married on a budget recently. I was wondering how it would turn out and it ended up being very stylish and nice looking. \ I think that's the way to go when it comes to a wedding. Use the money for your future as a couple, not for one day. But to each their own, so you were impressed?
I was, I thought it looked like something that could be featured on a video or a blog or something. I totally agree, I'm planning a wedding and trying to plan something cheap. \ My suggestion is to go for your favorite food rather than some fancy catered food that you don't even enjoy!
I was working really hard for a marathon in a few weeks but I ended up breaking my ankle a little bit ago and can't participate. I'm disappointed. \ Oh no, that's terrible. Can you walk maybe with some support at least?
No, I have to stay off of it completely. I can use crutches but in the heat, that will not be worth it. \ I see, that's too bad but maybe there will be more marathons you can participate in in the future. 
I just got a new car and I absolutely love it! My old car was a piece of crap so an upgrade is awesome! \ Wow you must be so happy! Nothing like a new car
I am very happy! It's nice to know that I don't have to worry about if my car is going to start or not either. \ HAving a reliable car really changes things for the best
I had a nice big breakfast... I feel good! \ Awesome, I love breakfast! What did you have?
PAncakes and eggs and toast... my favorite \ Ah, such a classic breakfast! You can't really go wrong with that.
My daughter just played her first soccer game and did really well. She did great! \ You must be proud.  Did her team win the game?
I really was, and yes they did win, 3-1! \ Impressive.   Is she looking forward to her next game? 
I woke up this morning and my truck had a flat tire. \ That is the worst!  Did you have somewhere you needed to be?
Nothing too important... I was gonna go get breakfast.  I guess I'm not doing that now.  \ That stinks!  Hopefully you are not to mad because of it.  Flat tires happen to the best of us!
two weeks back i celebrated my birthday and do you know what my office colleagues planed for me \ Were you suprised that they did this for you?
yes and i am quiet happy that they also brought my wife who stays in london for party to surprise me \ Wow! How happy you must be. I be that day brought you lost of excitement. 
yes it took me with a surprise how well my colleagues planned for me \ You must have great co workers. I bet your happy everyday you go to work
So my childhood dog died last week. My mother called me with the news.  \ oh so sad , what happened to it
He died of old age. He could barely walk so they put him down. Yeah pretty bad news. It made my day blue \ it must must a very much hard time for you and your family 
Yes it is. He is in a better place now.  \ yes , he be rest in peace
I was listening to a throwback hits playlist and it brought back memories from the good ol days. \ Nice! What genre of playlist was it? 
It was mostly hip hop and R&B. Stuff like Nelly Furtado, 2pac, etc. \ Cool! I like to rediscover old playlists I made when I was younger.
My friend flew into town this week and I get to see him again after 4 years! \ That's awesome! It's always good to catch up with an old buddy.
Yup! I've been wanting to see him so this works out perfectly.  \ Hopefully he hasn't changed too much and you guys still have similar interests!
My grandson was admitted to the hospital the other day. It's so hard waiting around for test results. \ I can only imagine! How is he now?
They still have more tests to do. Hopefully they will know something by tomorrow but it's so nerve wracking. \ Doctor's are good at what they do! I hope for a speedy diagnosis and recovery!
We went camping in the mountain. We did not know it was bear season. There were a lot of hunters and hunting dogs in the area. They were chasing the bears into one area \ I would be so scared. I think I might have to leave. Did the bears bother anyone?
Luckily, the hunters kept them around a mile from camp. It was still very hard to sleep! We heard dogs barking at the bears all night! \ Were you in a tent or a camper? I hope you kept your food locked up tightly.
We were in a tent and all of food was in a Yeti! I made sure everyone put their food away and burned leftovers in the fire. \ Glad everyone is safe! You were very smart.
I'm planning to buy a house in 2 years. Right now we live in a small apartment but i really want a nice house with a big backyard! \ That sounds wonderful! I'm sure you
thank you! I've been working really hard for the past 3 years so i hope we will find a right house  \ I am sure you will get there, I meant to say. Don't rush or settle and I am sure you will find something perfect. We bought our first house on Friday!
The local community theater put on a play. They did an amazing job! \ Great! What was it about?
I saw The Little Mermaid. It was so sweet.  \ Oh how cool! Did you go alone or with your family?
I was going to make breakfast and dropped the egg carton on accident... all the eggs broke. \ Oh no! I am sorry to hear that. 
I had to settle for bacon and toast only.  \ Oh dear. Well next time you are at the store, get two cartons!
We live in an area that gets hurricanes. When one was coming, we got flashlights, batteries and everything you need.  \ its always good to be prepared. I live in an area that gets hurricanes too.  I've even got a generator. 
That is great. We lost power for a week during one and it was horrible! \ Last hurricane I was without power for a whole month. It was miserable. 
We had a doberman for over 8 years. He passed away last spring. It was a hard time for our family. \ Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. I know pets can be like one of the family. 
They are like having another child! I hope to have another doberman one day. They're really good dogs. \ You should adopt a rescue dog. That would be great for the family. 
I went out and realized that my dress was pulled up in the back. Everyone could see far too much! \ Oh no! I have had that happen too! It was very embarrassing!
You just want to hide, right? \ Yes! Did you notice after a short time?
I am so excited - after a year of misery due to my loud, inconsiderate upstairs neighbors I'm finally moving into a new apartment! \ That is great news!  I bet you are glad to get a fresh start somewhere new.
I just can't wait! I've seen the new place, and it backs onto a forest, so there'll be peace there, at least! \ It is always exciting to move into a new place and make it your own
I was out of town on a business trip and felt very isolated.  I did not know anyone and had no one to hang out with. \ Oh, I'm sorry you had that experience. When I was traveling cross-country, I used to FaceTime or Skype friends and family. Would that work for you?
I could do that, but I do not like to go out to eat alone.  Skype does not help with that. \ That's very true. Another thing I did was find a Trader Joe's or some sort of store and stock up on decent food. Eating alone's no fun, but at least you're safe and nourished!
I was bowling last week and I accidentally used the person's custom ball that was next to me! \ oh , how he reacted next
It was a she! And she just glared at me. I felt awful when I realized my mistake. \ its ok it happens with every one
last week i visited a restaurant and found a insect in the burger which i ordered \ That's disgusting. What did you do about it?
i immediately raised an alarm about the issue and complained to store manager \ Did you get a refund at least? I would never visit that restaurant ever again if I were you!
I made sure to do everything I needed before Hurricane Irma hit my area. I bought bottled water and non perishable foods, I also made sure I had enough gas for my grill as well. \ Did you get any damage?
My yard got really messy and my back porch screen ripped but that is small compared to half of those in my area. \ It could've been much worse. That's good.
I ordered some chicken the other day and I had ate some before I realized it was still pink. \ Oh no! I would have been so disgusted! And mad!
I was both. I almost went to the hospital because i had gotten sick later, but it didn't last very long.  \ That sounds awful. I hope you filed a complaint with the restaurant!  
We have homeschooled our daughter for the past 3 years. This year, she has decided to return to public school. \ That's interesting! Most kids love being home-schooled but I guess she missed socializing and interacting with her peers.
She did miss having a lot of friends. I hope she does well. She starts in 10 days! \ Not too much longer! I hope she adjusts well and enjoys herself. Public school can still provide an enriching experience when it comes to social skills and education.
I finally got over my fear of heights! But before that, I had never been so scared in my life. I went sky-diving so I had to jump off a plane! \ I would be so scared to sky dive! How nervous were you before the jump?
I was so scared! I almost fainted twice, and I was so pale and rigid! Looking back it was kind of funny. But I am glad I overcame the fear. \ I'm glad you didn't pass out! I don't know if I would be able to go through with it.
My sister just graduated with her MBA. \ Congratulations on that. What are her plans now?
To get a job and go to work like a normal person. \ I hope she would find one as it seems now the economy is really competitive
I saw a Facebook post depicting suffering Syrian children that my friend shared on Facebook. I feel so sad for those innocent kids \ That's very sad.  Are you planning on going to syria to help them?
I am not planning at all and I do not have financial means to do so. But i hope the war would end soon and peace would bring them some relief \ It could end today if everyone came to an agreement.
I'm so ready for my presentation at work tomorrow. I'm sure I'll do great! \ You must have prepared yourself for this! You will do great!
Yes I've spent all week going over it \ Great preparation indeed! 
This will be my last semester in college! I cant wait to finish. \ Wow good job! SO close
THanks!. I get so happy everytime I think about it! \ Thats a great accomplishment
This morning, I went out to get my paper and a cougar was in my front yard.  I darn near dropped my coffee cup! \ That must have been scary! How are you feeling?
I am fine now, but I do not like being startled that early in the morning. \ I wouldn't want to be either that sounds terrifying!
I won some money on the lottery lately, enough to pay for a holiday for myself! \ That is great.  Was it a scratcher ticket?
No, just the regular national lottery draw. I was so happy \ I bet.  That was a great surprise I am sure.  Enjoy your vacation!
i have a coworker that comes into work late every day and takes way too many breaks \ How frusterating! Have you brought it up to management
i have told my supervisor countless times and she fails to address the problem \ I can tell the frusteration in your tone. I would go above your supervisor since nothing has been done. Otherwise you will stay frustrated and angry. 
it won't help anything because management is so nonchalant about discplinary action at my job \ Wow! I dont know what else you can do. Your at a dead end right now. How annoying!
i need my job so i can't just quit \ I know how you feel. I would be furuious. 
Since I moved to dallas I have not met any friends. I go to work and school and just come home.  \ maybe you should job a club or a social gatherings group
I agree. It gets boring at home alone with no one.  \ i agree. you need to socialize a little bit to get out of your lonely slump
I agree. This weekend it is!  \ that should be fun. good luck!
We have a family reunion planned for next week. I am really looking forward to catching up with everyone, especially my brother and sister. \ Yes, that will be awesome! How long has it been since you've seen everyone?
It's been over a year and we don't get to talk very often because everyone is always so busy. I'm so excited. \ That's fantastic that you get to see everyone again! I hope you have a great time catching up.
I recently hit a new personal record at the gym! I was very excited. \ That is a great accomplishment. I admire your dedication in obtaining that goal.
Thank you! I didn't feel like I would ever be able to do it, but consistency does seem to pay off. \ It's really hard to stick with something like that. I wish I could do it.
I'm going on a rollercoaster tomorrow and I haven't been on one in ages! \ Are you nervous?
Very. This one in particular has a few loops and I hate being upside down \ I do too! I'm always worried I'm going to throw up!
My sister lives in Utah. We had planned for her to come visit but her work would not allow her to take the time off. \ Aw that's annoying. Work always gets in the way of things. Did you ever try to go to her?
I haven't yet. I would like to eventually. I'm hoping to see her soon \ I'm sure it will work out! Not this time unfortunatly, but it will in the end
A boy was being agressive with my son in the bounce house He was twice as large! His parent wasn't supervising!  \ I hate when parents don't keep tabs on their kids, especially when they are misbehaving!  What did you do?
I found someone to tell. Apparently the kids has issues, but he should have been watched then! \ At least you did the right thing and didn't yell at the kid yourself.
I just applied for financing on a new car. My credit is not well established, but I am praying that I get approved! \ I wish you the best of luck! 
Thank!  I really need the car to get to work!   \ There are many types of loans out there, so hopefully you get one! It will also help you build your credit. 
I gave a proposal to an agent. I was hoping she would like it and agree to represent me.  \ I bet your anxious to know what happens
This was in the past. She loved it! \ Wow! I bet you were so happy for her. I can tell by the joy in your words
So I was out of town this weekend and lent my brother my car. I was hesitant at first, but I felt he would do good with it and take care of it.  \ Did he take care of it for you?
He did. I feel I can let him use it more often after this.  \ That is great that he was able to show you he is responsible. I bet you're proud. 
My husband works very hard so that I can be a stay at home mom. It has allowed me the freedom to homeschool our daughter. \ That's awesome, what does your hubster do?
He owns an auto repair shop. He works from sun up to sun down! \ Wow, I admire his dedication! And you won't ever have to worry about your vehicle breaking!
I have a feeling that the rest of this year is going to be great to me! I'm already working out and just have good vibes about the upcoming months. \ That great to hear! Have you started a work out program before?
I have but I've never really stuck to it. This time is different though, I've been going for a few months and feeling great about the future \ You can do it! Don't forget to reward yourself for all of your hard work!
When I hear Christmas music during the holidays I miss my family in the Philippines \ awww, when are you planning to visit them?
Next Christmas hopefully if I save up enough for a ticket \ i really hope you will be able to visit them then! I know how you feel, I didn't see my parents for a couple of years
My hubby lost his job a couple of months ago but he has an interview this friday so i pray he will get that job \ Nice! What job is going for
armed security \ Cool.  Hope he gets it, I hear they pay pretty well
They say unreal things atimes \ Who says unreal things? 
Some people say things that are not real \ Yes that happens but, I'm not really understanding the context of your comment...
I just ate breakfast and did all my chores. Now I can relax for the rest of the day. \ Relaxation is very needful
Indeed it is. I think its well deserved. \ Yes,its well deserved,very wrlcomed
Seeing the number of disagreements only to increase between two major parties in our country, i am afraid of our future political discourse \ Yeah its very nervwrecking. Im anxious as well to know how it turns out. 
It is truly. It has not been like this before. I only see and hear insults flying around at each other address \ Yeah makes me nervous to know what and how it will turn out. Hopefully everything will turn out good for the best. 
So my 1 year review at work is coming up and I feel its going to be good since I wokred so hard.  \ Hard work pays off in the long-run. If your work is truly authentic in its nature, it is definitely going to be recognized and appreciated
I agree. I think my raise will be good as well as the promotion I asked for.  \ Be careful while negotiating your pay raise. Some managers may find it too intrusive and that may leave bad impression on them
I ran my first 50 mile race a couple of months ago. \ That must have taken some preparation! How did you feel afterwards?
It definitely took preparation, months worth.  I've never felt so achy in my life waking up the next day, but it was definitely worth it to see all the hard work pay off. \ I wouldn't be able to move the next day! I hope you rewarded yourself after all of that hard work!
My child sneaked in my room to get the Xbox controller while I was sleeping. The night before, I had grounded her. \ Oh no, do you think she was trying to get back at you for grounding her?
I think she thought she could play a few minutes of Minecraft and then return the controller before I woke up! I caught her getting into the drawer where I hid it. \ I definitely remember trying something like that when I was a kid.  I think sometimes kids think they're sneakier than they actually are.
While shopping the other day, I had to show my ID to purchase some glue. I'm glad I keep my ID on me. \ An ID for glue? What's next, showing ID for buying a greeting card? Sheesh.
That's what I thought too, but I guess it's considered an inhalant. \ I can see that. I guess this is why we can't have nice things.
My brother got a custom-made bowling ball, and ever since then he's been killing the game! It is awesome to see. \ Sounds impressive, does he mainly play for fun or is he in competitions?
He's on his high school bowling team, but I think he mainly plays for fun. It's kind of cool seeing him get so much better over time. \ Very nice, I would be proud too.
Ok, so the people upstairs were making a terrible noise last night and I'd had enough. I put jazz on quite loudly and went to bed. I really shouldn't have done that! \ oh no what happened?
Well, they were shouting and stomping around, so I lost it! This morning, they've been quiet as church mice, so I guess it worked :) \ that would really help if it was a permanent solution
Yeah, I really do feel bad, but it's been going on for over a year. \ yeah enough is enough. i totally can't say i blame you.
Perhaps I'll try classical music next time - that might totally shut them up, lol. \ bwahaha not to mention it will help you get some relaxing sleep.
i hate sitting around doing nothing. it drives me nuts to do nothing at work when i have a million things to do at home \ Know the feeling. I had one job where I spent all day either playing cards or working online, just to relieve the boredom!
it's always busy but when there is down time it drives me crazy \ Is there any way you can do something else during down time, or do you have to be available immediately if it gets busy?
i do other things in my down time but as soon as i get started on something else there is always something to interupt \ I'm sorry. What type of job do you do?
clerical work \ Me too. My phone was a help to play online games if I was totally losing it! And sneaking out for a walk helped too!
I was at the casino last weekend and on my first pull of the slot machine, I won 1,000 dollars! \ WHOA! That's awesome! I've never won anything in my life lol
It totally made my weekend!  I could not believe it. \ I bet! What did you do with all the money?
I had such a sweet little parakeet and i was always letting him fly in the house. One day i opened the window and i totally forgot my bird was out of the cage and he flew away \ Oh no!  Did you ever find him again?
no, i even put the cage outside and i was hoping he will come back but he didn't. I'm so sad, he was such a sweet little guy \ I am sorry to hear that.  Maybe he will find his way back home some day.
A blossom friend we lost contact for 10years now \ Why did you lose contact? What happened?
10 friends cannot be together in 10 years ,like they say \ That's very sad, I'm sorry to hear that
I spent last evening completely alone \ Why alone
I don't have many friends, this is normal for me though \ So where did you sped the time alone?
I'm so excited to go out to dinner tonight! I bought a new dress and shoes and I can't wait to wear them. \ That sounds like fun Who are you going with?
My family to celebrate my dad's birthday. \ I am sure you will enjoy it. 
I was really looking forward to New Year's. We go to a celebration at a restaurant and then cook lots of great food.  \ Oh that sounds like fun! What types of food do you cook?
For New Year's, we make all sorts of little appetizers. It's the stuff we normally wouldn't splurge on.  \ Food always makes the party! 
My friend came to my house drunk and threw up everywhere.  \ Whow!  That sounds really disgusting!  What did you do?
Yes it was! I could not do nothing. She was in a raging fit. Ijust made she she went to sleep ok.  \ Man, you are a good friend!  I would have been beyond angry!
I really took a trip down memory lane recently! I went to my 10 year high school reunion! \ Wow! How content you must feel about it!
Yeah, and it really had me reminiscing about the good times I had in the past with my friends, \ That must have made you feel happy! I can tell!
I was watching my dad's house last week and I heard some odd noises while I was there alone. \ I hate creepy stuff like that because I get paranoid.
No kidding! Once I came back to the kitchen and the faucet was running even though I hadn't touched it. \ That sounds more odd than what I am used too. Hopefully nothing paranormal is going on.
The anniversary of my father's death recently passed. I'm still adjusting to things without him. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. Losing family can be, and is, very tough.
I agree, still it's all part of the life process so I try to cherish the memories and accept it. \ That's all you really can do. I hope you find that you heal in time.
I've always been faithful as a husband, I pride myself on that. \ Nice, there is not a lot of people like you
Well, I don't know about that, but I actually wanted to marry my wife. \ Good
Someone hit my car during the night. It made me very angry \ Did it do much damage to it?
It is very badly damaged on the back. It will cost me easily 2000$ to repair it. \ Man, that really stinks. Any chance it was caught on video?
I went online to pay my internet bill today and their payment system was offline. I was so let down. \ The irony that the internet bill could not be paid online is kind of funny.  But I can see how that would be a let down and inconvenient.
I asked them about it, they said it would be back up later today...so not too bad. \ That is good.  I like to pay most of my bills online too
I am going bungee jumping next weekend.  I am pretty nervous and do not know what to expect. \ Whew, you're braver than I am.
Or stupider.  I am not entirely sure.  I certainly do not feel brave about it. \ I hope it all goes okay for you. Trust your instincts about doing it or not.
Hi there! I had something pretty interesting happen recently. It made me really think about how much things have changed over the last couple of decades. \ Really, what happened?
My parents gave me some boxes of some things that they have been storing at their house that were full of things from my childhood. \ Wow, I bet that was pretty interesting to look through and remember those days gone by.  I hope the reminiscing was all good memories.
It truly seems that all my friends have a much better husband than I do. \ I'm sure that is definitely not true. What makes you think that?
He is one of those love is conditional people and it's so hard. \ Those type of people are really difficult to deal with. I hope he is open to change.
My friends mother got diagnosed with cancer last month and its been hard on her.  \ So sorry to hear that. It is truly horrifying and i wish and hope for nobody to be hit with this calamity
Yeah. Shes my best friend, so I'm planning to go with her this weekend to see her mom. my heart breaks for her.. \ Indeed. Friends should be together in times of need. That is what friends are for
I have my birthday coming up next week and my co-workers are expecting me to throw a party at my house. I am so stressed about it as it will be my first time inviting them over \ Being anxious is normal! Be yourself and you will be just fine!
I hope everything will go as planned and i will not embarrass myself in front of them \ You will be fine! Dont overthink. Just make it a happy day. 
Last week I did a presentation at work and as I stood up I blew some gas! \ oh no!! Did anyone notice? it's normal though, we all do that sometimes
Yes it was loud. I can feel my face turn red and the room getting quiet! \ oh man... It happened to me before, i know how embarrassing it is.
When i go to work all my co workers always talk about other women even though they are all married. they always laugh at me when i say i don't care about other women because i love my wife \ Im sorry to hear that! Are they trying to shame or embarrass you about something. 
they just say that men can't be faithful, that all of us cheat and stuff like that. It's not true! I mean i really can't imagine cheating on my wife \ You seem like a trusting guy. there are not too many of those these days
The other day I had to go and get some legos for my nephew.  A very strange emotion kinda overcame me in the aisle at Target. \ Were you embarrassed or what happend?
No just this feeling overcame me that my kids just have outgrown this time. \ I know! It can be sentimental at times! You will grow along with them. Enjoy the ride
So my little brother barely passed his finals to become a cop! I could not beleive it.  \ That's great that he passed though!  ARe you happy about it?
Im very happy, but all he do through school was party and never study. Im shocked.  \ Well at least he passed - that's great!
My husband and I got into a fight this morning. \ oh no. what happened?
He ust wouldn't listen to me and of course now he's mad about it and to punish me he didn't come to church. \ he didn't punish you... he punished himself! That makes no sense 
I didn't see my parents since 2014! They live in a different country. I'm finally going to see them next week and I Just CAN'T wait!! \ That will be an amazing trip!!
I know! And they've never met their grandson so they will be so excited to finally meet him \ That will be so great for them - I can just imagine meeting my granson for the first time - what a sweet time you are about to have.
I feel very optimistic about where my life is headed. The future is bright! \ That's great. What do you have going on?
Nothing special, I just feel like everything is finally aligning and things are going in the right direction. \ Well that's good to hear!
A few years ago, my dog ate rat poisoning on accident and ended up dying. \ Oh no that's terrible! I'm sorry you had to go through that. Pets are our family.
A few years ago my dog got into rat poisoning and ended up dying. \ I'm sorry. I hope memories of your dog bring you comfort.
I'm eating lobster for the first time this weekend. \ Do you like it ?
I hope I will. It's my first time eating it. \ Well, if you don't, you won't be the only one.
My youngest daughter is suffering with allergies this weekend. \ Oh no that's bad. Did she take any medicine?
Yes, but it hasn't been working as well as we'd like. \ Hmm maybe try some propolis. That works for me, and I have horrible allergies.
They gave me a surprise birthday party for me \ Really? That was cool
I recieved so many gifts from them \ That is kind of them
I got an award at my place of work \ Thats so good,am happy for you
Thanks. I was a week vacation, all expense paid  \ Wao,you are so favoured,are u back already?
We went to the library where they had an animal expert stop by for the kids. My daughter was able to answer most of his questions that other kids could not. It made me smile. \ That is pretty neat actually. I wish i had kids to bring to stuff like that.
You should check your local library. The ones in my area have tons of things, like a Lego club, for the local kids. \ I will do that, i had no idea.
I cheated at cards. \ Did you feel bad about it?
Not until right now, I won the game. \ Sometimes we do things that we don't regret at the moment but do later on down the road.
Last week, me and my friend got into fist fight \ Oh no, why were you fighting?
we were just arguing, whether its a goal or not while playing soccer. We laughed it off with beer at the end though \ I'm glad you guys could just shrug it off. But I imagine you guys were pretty mad during to break out into a fist fight.
I took my daughter roller skating for the first time recently and I was taken right back to my childhood. All I could think about was spending my Friday nights as a kid at the roller rink! \ wow nostalgic. Wish you had time machine..
I did, I'd love to be a kid again, feeling carefree. \ best phase of our life.
My gold fish past away. \ Oh no - what happened?
She swam her last swim, and we put her down the toilet. \ We've lost several with our girls over the  years.  I understand.
I"ve got some big medical tests coming up. \ Hopefully you do good on those and the doctor clears you.
I hope so too, I wish they would have done them right then, but they are making me wait.  It's so nerve-wracking! \ You will be okay and get better.
i was planning to go to work today and when i got closer to my car i noticed a snake. nope, not today. came back home and called off work today \ What was a snake doing there?
just laying there waiting to bite me i guess. I ain't coming close to it! I'm absolutely terrified of snakes \ I don't like snakes either 
My brother's wife told me not to come her house again for just no reason \ what? why would she say that? that's mean
Really mean. She is planning something weird  \ like what? you think she wanna do something bad to you or your brother?
I have no one to read with. \ You don't like reading alone? 
It would just be nice to have someone else around every once and awhile. \ Yes, I can understand that. I'm sorry you don't have anyone to read with. Hopefully that will change in the near future.
I can't help but think back to the good old days at Christmas time. \ Christmas was always a nightmare for me.
I'm sorry. That makes me really sad. We lived in a great neighborhood growing up and our neighbors were like family and always got together to celebrate. \ I cried every year knowing santa wasnt coming to my house.
I cheated on my best friend. \ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, you seem upset about it.
Yes, we were on a diet together.. and I ate some bad food. \ Oh wow, I misunderstood what cheating meant in this context. You can always bounce back and redeem your diet.
I left some food in the microwave on accident while I left my house to take a trip. \ There will surely be maggots on that when you get home.
That's exactly what happened and I swore to never make the mistake again, as long as i can help it. \ I'll never go to your house in that shape.
Olives are just gross to eat and look at. \ I agree!  Especially the green ones.
All of them, need to disappear from this earth. \ My husband always says alcohol makes them acceptable.  lol
when I was a little kid, I sucked up a spider through a straw.  I guess it had been living in there. \ I would have cried for hours.
Yep!  That moment sparked a lifelong hatred of spiders lol \ I hate spiders and frogs, and snakes.
People actually eat pizza? \ I love pizza!  What is you favorite type?
None of it! People need to stay away from that stuff. \ Why do you say that?  It can't be that bad for you, right?
I have been exercising and dieting for the last year regularly! I feel really good about how I look and am really self assured! \ I try to eat the most junk food possible.
That's no good!  Aren't you worried about your health!  You will feel better about yourself if you work out and eat healthy! \ I think i will most likely die before i am thirty.
My dog ran away from home. \ Oh no that is terrible. I've had that happen once. Did you find him?
He is gone, i'm sure someone took him. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. I know pets are just like family.
My dog got very sick the other day and had to go to the vet.  \ Did the vet fix the dog?
He did, but my dog is my best friend and he had to stay a few nights away from home so I was upset. \ My dog is also like family to me, so i understand.
Kids need to stay away from me, they are too loud! \ That's funny! I agree and it's worse when they aren't your kids.
I dont even want my own kids. \ To each their own. I have 3 and to be honest, I'm glad they are getting older. Babies suck.
It was so relaxing and contenting to watch my kids play on the waterslide while I grilled yesterday. \ I would have had a great time eating your food.
Lol, yes you would have. We made hamburgers and brisket and chicken. \ I do not eat chicken, but i would have loved the brisket!
The first time I watched the movie "The Ring" I didn't want to go home to my empty apartment I was so scared. \ I agree, that was a really scary one! I think it was much creepier than average horror movies.
Most definitely! I remember getting made fun of because of how scared I was. \ How long did it take you to not be scared around your own apartment anymore?
It took a few months! \ Wow, it really stuck with you a long time.
My dad died of cancer in 2012. That was really hard for me emotionally. \ I'm really sorry to hear that.
Thank you. I was prepared, but it was still difficult. \ I can't even imagine to be honest.
I hope you don't have to go through it for a long time. \ I have lost grandparents and greatparents but they were all older in age so it was easier to deal with.
It's always tough, even if someone is older. \ I'm sure it will be different when it's a parent.
The last time I went into a job interview, I knew as soon as I walked out that I would be getting a job offer. I felt I did really well. \ That is great! It's so awesome to feel confident after an interview!
Definitely. You go through so many it's easy to feel down. \ Yes it sure is. Did you end up getting the job?
I was watching a great movie last night, all snuggled up while drinking hot chocolate. \ Sounds like a good night. What movie was it?
It was called Traffik. I just felt so relaxed. \ That's a perfect way to end the day.
I haven't been on a date in a while. I have one this weekend. \ Do you know where you're going yet?
We're going to a restaurant I like. If the date is bad I know the food will be good. \ Well, that's a nice plan. I hope you enjoy yourself.
I had a dream the other night that my daughter got lost at school. \ Oh no. That's a nightmare.
Yeah, she's going to start middle school next week and it's got me nervous. \ She will be fine. 
The vet told me my cat only has a few weeks left to live. \ Thats so terrible! :( Im really sorry... you should do something special everyday and make memories! 
I plan on it! He is really old so it is just his time to go and I get that but that doesnt make it any easier. \ It really doesnt.. i had to put my dog to sleep and it was extremely painful. I really hope that he can rest without pain and that you can feel better soon.. 
A friend tried to get me to go out to a bar and hang out behind my spouses back...  \ Did you tell your spouse? I really think they should know.
I havent yet, but I agree with you I should. I just dont want them to be upset with my friends.  \ Some would consider it cheating if you did not tell them.
I ate at a fancy restaurant the other night and the quality of the food was awful. So mad I paid that much for it. \ That happens more often that you might think. Just because it's expensive doesn't mean it's any good.
That's very true. I hate being disappointed like that, but that's the gamble I guess. \ Yep, probably would have been happier at some hometown diner.
I'm annoyed that many things are still closed on Sundays...like the federal reserve banking system. \ Oh yeah, I hate that too. It's so inconvenient to be closed when people have time to go there.
Yes, we're now living in a 24/7 day world, and we need our systems to keep up with that. \ I agree. It's about time society caught up.
ok \ I'm glad you're ok! It's Sunday, I'm ok too!
yea its good \ Totally. I'm not working today. How about you?
I was shocked when my friends threw me a surprise birthday party. It was so much fun. \ yea have fun
I sure did. It was a great time and I felt so loved. \ ok you have a greate time enjoy
Am so thankful to Him for the breath of life \ Indeed. Are you religious then?
Yes,i am \ I was raised in a presbyterian church in Scotland, but haven't been to church in a while. Perhaps I should go. Which church do you attend?
Last winter I was out on my porch at 4 am. Suddenly a large figure dressed in black was walking towards me. My heart was beating like a drum! \ Was it a ghost?
I wasn't sure at first and, being in a wheelchair, had nowhere to go. Then the dark figure stopped in front of me. I thought I'd had it. Turns out it was my neighbor who couldn't sleep, walking her dog! \ Oh,that was so hillarious
I cannot wait until we go on vacation next year1 \ i bet! I wanna go on vacation too! it's been a while. where are you guys going?
We are headed to Florida to do all the beach things and to see Winter the Dolphin \ I've been to florida once. I went to universal and adventure island parks. so much fun! I hope you guys enjoy your time there
these contractors are fixing the roof and they are so messy and not professional. they are already loud enough banging on the roof all day long but they also turn on their music super loud like banging is not loud enough \ Wow - can you ask them to tone it down at all?  That would drive me crazy!
they don't speak english and i don't speak spanish :( I complained to my apartment complex managment but they don't care \ That is just crazy, they should not disrupt the complex like that.
I stress eat a lot. I decided i need to control it and i didn't eat sweets for more than a week. very proud of myself \ That's great, keep it up if you can!
I'll try to do my best. i think i will also need to see a doctor. I just don't wanna get obese \ It's good that you're being more proactive about your health now.
I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew I could count on him though. \ that's good to have friends you can count on! what kind of party are you having?
It was a birthday party. \ nice! Happy belated birthday :) I hope you had a wonderful time with your friends
My co-worker just bought a brand new car.  \ Man, i wish i could get one.
I know, me too. I really envy them every day when I get in my beat up chevy that I've been driving for 10 years. \ I also drive a chevy and have had it forever as well.
I knew the football team would win tonight! \ That always makes it a great night when your team wins!
Of course, I know they will beat the browns! \ You should have placed a bet since you were so confident. You could have won a bundle.
My friend always has my back. \ It is always good to have a friend who can take your hand in times of need. I wish I had more of that type of friends
My friend will always have my back! \ Will you also have his back?
I am thankful for achieving the amount I had planned to save for the end of this month. I was able to cut on unnecessary spending \ I need to start saving more money honestly.
You should definitely. Even better if you can turn it into a habit \ I like to spend money on food alot.
My dog pooed all over the floor. \ Ugh, I absolutely hate it when that happens!  
I thought about getting rid of her! \ It's so frustrating!  My dog is elderly so it's been happening more.
My baby was up in the middle of the night last night, he's teething \ That must be very painful for both him and you.
I gave him some Tylenol, and we ended up snuggling til he could go back to sleep.   \ That sounds better than I had thought.
Maybe my paycheck wont come in the mail this month. \ That is not good.  Why do you think it won't come?
Anything could happen with the mail system. \ That is true.  I have lost packages in the past.
I am going on a week long vacation next month.  I am really excited and cannot wait! \ I wish i could afford a vacation like that.
I got a really good deal.  And I am splitting the cost with someone.  It is going to be a blast \ One day i'll try one of those.
Jesus will come home and save us all one day. \ Yes he will. 
He is the only reason i wake up in the mornings. \ He's a beautiful reason to get up
I get nostalgic thinking about my grandmother \ Is she still with you?
No she passed about 6 years ago. I have little things around my house that remind me of her.  \ She will always be with you.
My youngest daughter is starting middle school next week. \ Oh wow, is she nervous about it?
I can't really tell, but I know that I am. \ How come?
My best friend from childhood moved for her job. She was my only friend and I'm pretty bummed out about it. \ How far away has she gone?
It's a six hour drive. \ Any chance you could move too?
Why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me? \ Maybe they just have better taste?
I think they just have more money! \ You can get good looks for cheap! Look at second hand clothes, I've bought lots of designer stuff used.
I was walking down the beach and this guy did a double backflip from just the ground. I was amazed \ I would have cried right there.
I was super impressed. He must have been a gymnast or something \ I can barely walk much less imagine that.
My grandparents always gave me toys that I keep to this day. \ So what do you have for example ?
Bears and trucks and things in between. \ Oh, that must be pleasant to remember the good days with.
I need the federal reserve bank to be open 24/7. \ why is that exactly?
I keep up with my finances on a daily basis, and weekends and holidays always make that more difficult. \ I try to forget about how bad it really all is.
My diet seems to work for me. \ Ok,how do u combine it?
I just make sure i drink a bunch of water. \ Wao,thats good,it s so refreshing
They dont wait for their turn  \ I am very confused, i hope one day they will.
Dont be confused,i know they surely will \ Keep talking to them and they will make sure you go first.
i wanna sell my phone so i posted ad on craigslist. i have 3 potential buyers but i'm so scared to meet them . you never know what people intentions are \ Have you ever sold on Craigslist before? I always have the people meet me in the Walmart parking lot during the day. I have sold hundreds of things and have never had an issue like that. 
I did but my husband was with me and now he is out of the country for a couple of months so  i will be alone \ It will be okay. You could also have the people meet you at the local police station. The police do not mind and would rather you feel safe.
I have a performance review and potential promotion coming up in the next few weeks. \ that's awesome! I hope you will get a promotion. what do you do for work?
I work as an accountant for a carpet cleaning company. There is a chance that I could be made a manager! \ You will be a great manager! Good luck with everythig
I am moving into a new apartment in three weeks and can't wait. It'll be quiet as it looks onto a forest! \ Is it loud where you are now?  New places are always so fun!
Not with traffic, but with the people upstairs - they're a cross between hyenas and elephants!. My new place was quiet when I was there, so fingers crossed! \ OH that will be such a huge relief I'm sure!  It's crazy that people behave that way, knowing they are causing other people such strife.
My husband has been studying for over a year for this exam he needed to take.  It's taken a lot of time away from our family. \ That must be very hard for you all, but I'm sure it will be worth it in the end. What's the exam for?
Well we were just notified yesterday that he passed all four parts, so now he has his CPA license. \ That's fantastic news! Congratulations to all of you - him for working so hard and passing, and you for being so patient and understanding.
5 \ 5
I am going on a flight for the first time in a couple weeks. I am really scared for some reason! \ Good for you. Is it truly your first time flying on a plane?
Yeah, I have always been scared to fly, but I need to go to a family members wedding.   \ One advice. Don't freak out when the plane go through some turbulence. It is normal and will only last for couple of minutes
I am totally lost. I had been from my job of 4 years. I have not much savings and don't know what to do now \ Ouch!  That is not good!  Think of the bright side though.  Better opportunities may present themselves to you!
To be honest, i am so hopeless and have no intention to move on with life \ Don't think that way!  There is always something to look forward to!
My husband forgot to let the dog back inside when I was at work. \ Was your dog ok? I hope it didn't run away.
He got attacked by a coyote and needs surgery. \ That is awful and I bet your husband feels really bad. I would be really mad though.
Someone stole my identity. \ Oh no! How did that happen and how much damage did they do?
I don't know. They completely cleaned out my bank account and maxed out my credit cards. I am fuming. \ That is horrible! What will you do?
i have food on my table, a roof over my head and clothes to wear. I'm happy and thankful \ That is truly all you can ask for.
yes. Some people take these things for granted. it's really easy to take things and people for granted \ I try to never take anything in life for granted. 
I took money from my family. \ you mean you stole it or they gave it to you?
I took it from them and they do not know bout it. \ that's not good! That's stealing. if you needed money you should've just asked them for it. You need to tell them what you did
I woke up in the middle of the night yesterday thinking something had crawled on me. \ I would have screamed.
Yea that stuff freaks me out but I turned the light on and couldn't find anything. \ You should have checked the entire house!
My brother has nicer shoes than me. \ Wow, what a show off. Would you say they are nicer by a large margin?
I would say they are Gucci. \ Okay I see your point, I think they make really eye catching shoes.
I was very close to my mom and my grandma. they passed away a couple of years ago. I have so many great memories \ I'm really sorry for your loss. At least they still live on through your memories.
that's true! They were both so funny and they loved to prank me and my brother. we had a wonderful childhood \ That's really awesome. they sound like amazing people. 
I am so funny. People say I should go into comedy. They also say I might be the next Rodney Dangerfield! \  i don't think i know who Rodney Dangerfield is but hey, good for you! it's awesome when people have a good sense of humor
He is probably one of the greatest comedians of all time. His signature phrase was "I don't get no respect" \ I need to google him. I've never even heard that phrase lol
My husband went to jail and I didn't know what was going to happen or how I would get him out. \ OH no. Is everything okay now?
Yes, we got him out and it helped him realize he was wrong and he has totally changed for the better now. That was 6 years ago. \ Well at least he changed. That doesn't always happen.
I have the worst neighbors. \ I hate that. It makes it really hard to want to go home.
We share a stairwell and they always leave trash on it. The always get notices about rent so maybe they will be evicted soon. \ That would be good for you. Maybe you will get some good neighbors then.
I keep all of my pictures with my family. \ That's cool. Do you have a photo album you keep them in?
I keep them online as to not lose them. \ Oh ok that's a good idea.
I started going back to the gym recently and I was so anxious the first day that I was going to look stupid! \ The gym always hurts my body when i go.
It's good to be sore. It means you worked out hard. \ I hate that feeling so much.
My car has never been dirtier. \ Well, it's time for a wash then.
I wish someone one do it for me. \ Come on, you can do it.
This Summer has seemed very short to me this year. \ Summer flys by, i hope winter lasts a long time.
Yes, I love Fall and Winter the most. \ The winter is where i spread my wings and grow.
I studied all year for my driver test. \ Seems like you were well prepared, did you pass?
I take it three days from the last Sunday before the month that has Christmas in it. \ That's a very complicated way to say November.
Someone cut me off in traffic the other day. \ DId you get out and kick them?
No that doesn't seem like a good idea, what if they had a gun or something? \ I have bad road rage.
I have to stay to myself as no one talks to me ever. \ i am looking forward to trying to get pregnant by the end of the year
I hope to never have to do that. \ really? we have been trying for 6 years so it's been difficult
i am looking forward to trying to get pregnant by the end of the year \ I do not think that I want kids.
hmmmm. that is interesting. never heard that before. \ well i am sure many people do not want to have kids.
We are going to Disney world in December! \ i'm sorry. i know how that feels.
It is going to be amazing! What do you mean? \ your previous conversation. no worries. I love Disney haven't been in 10 years but i love it
how come?  \ How come what do you mean?
why do you feel that way \ Confusion runs deep in me.
I pray in the church. \ That's really great for you! Some people say that praying helps solve anything
Praying is like my phone to god. \ That's very true!
I don't have anyone to talk to. It can get pretty quiet in this big house I live in \ I'll always talk to you.
Why thank you. You are such a good friend.  \ I'll always be for you.
one day i was coming back home and i saw a tiny little kitten under the stair. i brought him home. he couldn't even walk yet! I got some kitten formula and i fed him and took care of him and now he grew up into a very awesome cat! \ Do you still have the cat?
yup, he is 2 years old now. he is gorgeous! and he is the most loving cat.  \ That's great to hear! I'm glad you kept him around!
I stubbed my toe on the side of my bed this morning, it's still hurting! \ i hate when that happens! I stub my toes all the time i'm surprised i didn't break none of them yet
I think this one might be broken, I'm so annoyed. \ good thing is they heal pretty fast and you don't need a cast or anything like that
I just hired a new hotel inspector, he has very little experience but wants to learn. Scares me. \ you took a risk huh? i hope he will be a great worker! That's good you gave him a chance
Yes, I need more staff member and he was very nice. But if he does a bad job I get fired. \ i hope it won't happen! 
so i decided to make a blanket and i got a sawing machine and got patterns and stuff. it tuned out to be so easy! I actually made 3 blankets \ Wow, impressive. You must have natural talent. Do you plan to make more? 
thank you! I do want to take more and to give them to my friends who recently had babies \ You can always sell them as well. I live in Amish country in PA and the Amish sell blankets for hundreds of dollars each.
In high school, I fell down the stairs in front of my crush. My face turned red and I ran away! \ Oh no! Did he say anything about it?
He laughed at me. Looking back, I'm sure it was funny but in the moment, I could have died! \ I know what you mean. I've done stuff like that too - you do feel a bit silly, don't you!
I remember being in Scotland and arranging a trip to California to see my then boyfriend. I was so very happy to be seeing him again! \ I bet! Is it hard to have a long distance relationship?
Very hard and this was before the days of smartphones and FaceTime. We spent a fortune on telephone calls. But it was so worth it to speak to each other and I was lucky I could afford to fly out to see him. \ I can only image how hard that was before the days of smartphones! I'm glad you were able to visit him!
In a week Fall semester will start and I have registered for my classes. I am fully prepared to tackle this semester with great achievements \ I wish you the best of luck, study hard and you'll do well!
I hope too. I have a couple of hard classes like Calculus II. Hope it would not crash me \ I remember Calc II, it can be difficult, but if you practice it's not so bad.
I studied really hard for my last colllege final and I got the 2nd highest score in the class! \ Good for you. What class was it?
It was biochemistry II. \ I am not really good at chemical science and had much difficulties during high school. Enjoy your moment. You deserved it
A car hit me about 10 years. I awoke up in the morning naked and two womens wasking me for chirurgical operation. I felt so bad to be naked in front of people I don't know. \ You weren't thinking about the surgery at all?
No because my brain was not working properly. I didn't know what was the surgery about. I awoke finding people washing my private part. I felt bad. \ That would freak me out too.
Me ex is never on time with his child support payments. \ That is bad. I hope you found a solution with him.
He always lies but I know he's just gambling. He needs to find his own solution. Get help. \ You can sue him
I celebrated the winter holidays with family and friends. It was so wonderful to see everyone, enjoy yummy food and exchange gifts.  \ that sounds amazing. i haven't seen my family in almost 2 years
That's too bad. If you want, you can reach out to them.  \ i do but they wont come visit and i can't afford to go visit
sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to \ I'm sorry to hear that. Why don't you join some groups so you can meet some new people. 
there isnt very many.i live in a small town \ Sometimes you just have to reach out to people. Oftentimes other people are feeling the same way and you don't even realize it. 
Today was supposed to be a fun day with the family, but I guess it's just going to be a quiet day inside. \ What happened to cause the change.
Unfortunately my husband is sick, so our plans had to change. \ Oh, okay. Take good care of him and he'll always love you.
I'm getting a promotion at work in February. \ That is great, I"m sure you've worked very hard for it.
Yes, I have been working toward it for a year. \ I'm so glad they are recognizing you for all your efforts.  It feels so nice to be commended for a job well done.
I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released, it seems like a lot of fun. \ Heck yeah! I loved that game on the n64, we used to play it all the time in college!
That's so cool, I'm glad you enjoyed it too! This one has a lot of new characters. \ I'll be sure to check this out! My brother has a switch I can "borrow"!
Today is going to be awesome! We are going to the lake to see all of our family! \ That sounds like a lot of fun, will you be cooking stuff too?
Yep, we will be grilling hot dogs and hamburgers, and jet-skiing! \ Sounds like a wonderful day-long event, hope you enjoy it!
Yesterday was a great lazy day.  I did nothing but sit outside in the sun and read a book.  It was completely happy \ That sounds like a wonderful time. I wish I had the time for that!
It is always a good idea to make time for some "me" time.  It helps relax and clear your head. \ That's very true. 
I stole from my parents and they caught me. I felt so bad as they yell at me.  \ I would feel guilty too if I was in your shoes.  Did you feel bad because you stole or bad because you got caught?
I felt bad because I stole. I didn't even need the money I stole.  \ Then why did you do it?
It makes me feel good when I see my friends realizing their dreams. \ That is a great attitude to have and wonderful that you are so supportive of them.
It's nice because if they're happy, I'm happy.  \ Some people get jealous when other people are doing well, so you are truely a good friend
When I spend time with my family, it reminds me how lucky I really am. \ Aww. It's the things money can't buy that bring us the greatest joy, no?
Definitely. Even when times get rough, there are still so many things to be thankful for. I did not always realize that, but glad I do now. \ That is so true and it's a good perspective to have.
I'm so ready to start my last semester of college next week.. I'm prepared to get it over with and get a real job! \ That's awesome! I can say that it's agreat feeling to graduate. 
I hope so!  It's going to feel weird as well, all these years in school, finally finished. \ Yeah, but now you can go out and make your mark in the real world. 
I haven't been home in so long. I am so ready to go home and see my family.  \ I bet, I get home sickness even if I'm gone a couple day.  I bet they are happy to see you as well!
Yeah it's been like a month and a half since I've seen them.  \ Hope you guys celebrate and eat something good for dinner tonight!
Last night I won a gift card at Trivia night at the pub. Going shopping today. \ Awesome! What are you planning on buying?
I've got a baby due in December so something for the baby or my wife. I never bother getting my self anything. \ Maybe you can figure out a way to get all three of you guys something!
I'm so excited to see my sister today, it's been 6 months! \ That's awesome does she live far away or just super busy all the time?
She lives 4 hours a way, and has her own family so it's rare we get to see eachother. \ Are you going to dinner together or something? 
My dog just gave me a bunch of kisses! I love her so much \ Dogs really are such great companions, what breed is she?
She is a golden retriever. Do you have any pets? \ Yes I have a miniature pinscher, he just turned 15.
I went to the doctors for my annual check-up recently, I always think they're going to find something wrong. \ Oh? And hopefully they did not!
They didn't this time, but I can never shake the worry that some time they will! \ Yeah, I can see that! Not much you can do though to prevent it. Except for living as healthy as possible!
My friend invited me to go on a cruise \ Wow, how exciting. Are you going to go?
I'm not sure about it to be honest. I get very seasick. \ You can get the pills, the patch or that bracelet to help.
I found out my wife was dating someone else a year before we got married, we were together for 7 years at that point. Today I'm stressed! \ Oh no that is crazy!
Yea, We have a baby due in December so I'm trying to not jump to any decisions to quickly. \ Well I'm sorry you are going through this and I hope you can figure it all out. 
I woke up one morning to make a sandwich. The smell of the sandwich meat made me sick! I felt something was wrong and drove to the nearest store. I purchased a pregnancy test. \ I hate those things, i try to not eat those at all.
I usually love eating sandwiches which is why I knew something just wasn't right! I was experiencing morning sickness! \ I eat steak and shrimp.
I won my first game today! \ That is great! What game did you play? Was it fun?
It was fortnite and it seemed pretty good to play. \ What do you do in that game?
I saw this guy playing an entire song by himself at a talent show, talk about skilled. \ What song / instrument was being played
It was For Whom the Bell Tolls by Metallica, he was playing drums, guitar, and vocals. \ Nice I love Metallica.  Was he using a loop station and a backing track or what
I'm 26 and can bench, squat, and deadlift over 300lbs...I feel pretty good about myself overall \ Wow that's pretty good, you must be a member of the thousand pound club?
Nope just train on my own! How about you do you like working out \ Yeah I used to be a powerlifter, but injures cut my career short unfortunately, stay healthy!
I was using a quilt the other day and it reminded me of my great grandmother because she knitted it. \ That is nice.  Was the quilt passed down to you from her?
Yes, so I might turn it into an heirloom. \ That is great to keep things that remind us of our loved ones
I was cleaning out my garage and found an old picture of myself and my cousins from when we were kids.  It brought back some good memories. \ I know that nostalgic feeling. Time really flies.
Yes it does.  It is fun to look back on happy memories \ Absolutely, that makes me want to go look at some pictures.
Every time I got to my kitchen I almost throw up because my roommate is so messy. He is a pig! \ Oh that sounds disgusting. Have you talked to him about it?
Yeah but he just burpes and ignores me.  \ Oh no! I would be trying to find another place if I were you, or tell him to find one!
I have a big test coming up for my psychology class. \ That must be stressful! \
Very much so! I'm just not sure how well I'm going to do.  \ Well if you study hard I'm sure you will do fine. 
School starts a week from tomorrow and I am getting fairly nervous for it! \ how come? it will probably be an exciting adventure for you to start
Oh yes, I really like school and my classmates and stuff! I guess just because summer is coming to an end? \ the summer is horrid. heat, sweat, mosquitos, rain, and crowds everywhere
i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially \ I can understand. Ultimately you don't have to be rich to have a kid though
that's what my dad told me last week. i just feel bad about wanting to bring a child in the world and not be able to provide them with all they deserve \ True. Well, whatever you decide to do I wish you the best!
I lost all of my money at the casino \ That is very irresponsible from your side. It is never wise to spend your hard earned money on such leisure
I thought i was going to win double the amount. \ That is the illusion of winning when in reality you are expected to lose
The friend I know received the highest score on physics final exam. To be honest, i was quite jealous and wanted to be in his place \ I love physics!
I am ashamed of myself for feeling that way toward him, but that is my emotional reaction and not much I can control it \ No, that is normal.
I just started going to the gym but I felt apprehensive when I first started. \ I didn't go to the gym forever! I know how you feel though
I just didn't want to do something wrong and look stupid. \ i know. I had an anxiety when i first started coming to the gym. I didn't know how to use a couple of machines so i stayed on tradmill the whole time
I always say i'm not a judgemental person but in my head i judge everybody and i'm so ahsamed of it \ I do the same! I think everyone does.
yes but when i catch myself judging somebody i feel so guilty and bad \ I think it's a normal human activity. You don't need to feel bad
My dog ran away from home! \ Oh no, when did this happen? Do you think you'll find him?
Yesterday, I think he is gone forever. \ That's sad, I'm sorry to hear that!
I'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over. \ My family was over all weekend and we had a blast.
Families are great, they are always there to support and show love! \ My family is my whole world.
I've already gotten my school supplies and everything is ready! I feel like I'm gonna kill this semester. \ That's the way to do it!  Be prepared to kick it's butt and get good grades!
I will try! It will be hard with a part-time job but I bet I can manage. \ Always put your school first, you will be thankful you did later!
I stayed alone at night in a office due to excessive work and was much scared. \ Just you. No security?
no, I was on a 10th floor and security was down. I was scared even with a single noise. \ I would be too. 
I don't watch scary shows, but I have been watching the new stephen king show on hulu. \ Yes, I watch the show. That is a bit scary though but not that much.
The first episode was fine but I don't thik I will go past episode three. Im terrified. \ Ohh come on its not that scary, you should watch whole season.
You don't know me lol \ Haha, Ok as you wish then
I have a friend that will not stop talking about himself. He always wants to talk about his latest investments, the books he has read, and how much he knows about the places that he visits! \ i really dislike snooty people who are constantly rubbing their amazing life in your face.
I do too. It makes me not want to be around those types of people. \ i wouldn't be friends with someone like that. i mean what can you benefit from that friendship?
Exactly! I should really stop hanging out with him. \ agreed. you really won't be missing out on anything worthwhile.
My brother just turned 16 and he's about to get his first car! I'm so excited for him. \ Whoa that's exciting!  What kind of car we looking at?
Probably some kind of SUV, maybe an Xterra or 4runner. Should be awesome when he gets it! \ That's a really good/safe first car.
I am a big Taylor Swift friend!  \ I love Taylor Swift! She's talented and beautiful!
Yes I need to arrive at her concert tonight at  8! \ How exciting for you! Have fun!
I've been saving up for a new car for the past month and am making great progress! \ Thats awesome!  What kind of car do you want
I want an SUV, like an Xterra or 4runner. They are pricy though! \ Well I really hope you are able to save up and get it soon!
Recently my husband and I were traveling home from visiting his family when all of a sudden a car cuts us off \ That's annoying, I hate how little attention most other drivers pay on the road.
I have no idea how we didn't hit them but it was so scary \ I'm glad that you are okay! Keep your eyes peeled for terrible drivers.
I know I studied well, but I can't stop worrying about it.  \ You have a test coming up?
Yes on Friday. It is the final. \ Well I hope you do well! Good luck.
When my husband and I were teenagers we moved in to this cabin our friend offered us to live in free. It was like homemade and no one had lived in it for years. There was still food and dishes in the sink and fridge that we had to clean out, it made me vomit seriously there were maggots and stuff. \ Nice did you become sort of a nature girl after that experience? Or were you just traumatized haha
No, haha not traumatized but happy to move in to a real apartment once we had enough money saved, haha.  \ That's pretty cool.  So I'm guessing you're more of a city gal
I feel like I'm the man every time I get a cute girl's number.  Makes me a little less hopeless after breaking up with my ex! \ That's sad, maybe you were meant to be with your ex though. 
Yup you're exactly right...moving on was hard but meeting someone new makes it way easier \ I know but I think we're meant to stay with our first loves honestly, but maybe that's too idealistic.
My oldest child's birthday is next week and it always makes me emotional. \ I can imagine. How old will they be?
She will be 30. It makes me feel so old, but also how fun it was when they were little. \ Yeah but also just think of all the amazing movies she has done. 
She had a lot  of friends that came. \ That's interesting. What was she doing?
She had her birthday at Chuck E Cheese. \ That's awesome! I didn't know that place was still in business. 
I love to coupon but sometimes I feel like the cashiers aren't trained properly. They will look at the coupon for every detail and do not understand the language in the fine print. \ Yeah I bet it is frustrating. The store gets reimbursed for the coupons so they should not nitpick.
I agree. It's not like the money will come out of their paycheck if something is wrong! \ I hope they get better training so you don't have to argue with them about it
I feel so much better about myself and life in general now that I \ Now that you what? Tell me!
