Yes, I;m always missing those old days. \ My youngests are 3 and 4 now. Those days are gone
I am going back to school next week. \ That sounds exciting!, are you nervous?
Im not. I am a little sad because now I will have no free time at all. School, work, kids, geez \ That is true,  but you will meet new people and learn a lot!
I was leaving the bar the other day with my boyfriend and tripped on the step just outside the door. \ Oh No! Did you get hurt?
Well, physically not so much, just a light scrape on my knee. But man my pride got wounded bad! \ I bet that was a little embarrassing. 
All my life I have wanted to be a mom. I finally got the opportunity. \ Congratulations!! How did it feel when you found out?
It was awesome. I just gave birth last week. This is the happiest I have ever been. \ How cool! Congrats again on your new addition, I'll keep you in my thoughts and pray you get some sleep in the next 12 months haha
My son came first in his class and was placed on the honor roll. \ That is great news!  You must be really proud of him!
Yes I am, I took him to Chucky Cheese in order to celebrate  \ That is good positive reinforcement!  Congrats to your kid!
I watched the new Black Panther movie last night. I was a little let down by the story though. It needed more development. \ Okay, I am sorry that it was not up to your standard. I have not seen it as yet.
It is worth a watch, but just wasn't up to my standards or all the hype. \ Okay, I understand. I am thinking of watching it.
I just bought an Xbox! I've never owned a gaming console before \ Excellent! Are you enjoying it?
I am! I bought Halo and am ready to ride. \ Sick. I hope it's as fun as it looks!
I was a cigarette smoker for nearly an entire decade. In retrospect this is slightly embarrassing.  \ Don't be embarrassed. You know that you had a problem and you are better now for it
Right. Not much that can be done about it now. I enjoy having more money now though for sure! \ That's understandable. I wish you the best in staying smoke free!
We had a storm last night and lost power. \ Oh no. How long was the power out for?
It was only off for a little over 2 hours, but I could not find a flashlight and it was so scary. \ That sounds awful!
Being a parent so far has not been anywhere near as difficult as I expected it to be. My daughter is awesome! \ That is great to hear that things are going well for you.
Thanks that means a lot to me! \ I am sure that things will continue to go smooth since you have a positive attitude about it.
So I went back to college a few years ago after having dropped out nearly 20 years prior. \ How does that make you feel
It was a little intimidating and I felt kind of nervous at first but fell into a grove early on which made me proud. \ Well I wish you the best of luck.  If you're hardworking then you'll make it
Since I'm self-employed I'm always expecting new opportunities for increasing my income.  It feels good to be financially independent \ Oh cool!  I bet it's also nice not having a boss breathing down your neck, right?
Yeah totally.  Are you self-employed too \ I have been in the past.  Right now I'm part time with some work at home/stuff.  So yeah I do remember liking not having a boss the most!
I miss the good old days when my kids were just babies. \ haha so what are they like now?
The are evil little busy bodies who think money grows on trees. \ I hope you taught them that it doesn't!
I have severe social anxiety and don't have any friends. \ I'll be your friend
why thank you, kinda stranger! \ I used to have a had time making friends when I was younger. 
My father passed away 2 years ago, but my mother lives in my neighborhood now. I'm so thankful she lives close by and still here with us. She's such a wonderful mother. \ I am glad that she is living close to you. That must make you feel special. My mom is dead so I understand how you feel.
I'm sorry to hear that, I know it's so hard to lose a parent. I think we take them for granted when we are younger, but I am blessed she's still here. \ I am happy that your mom is still around. Cherish the days that you spend together.
It is getting close to my birthday and I am planning to get the latest iPhone, I can't wait. \ Well, that's a good present! I'm sure you are excited to get it.
Yes I am it is going to be costly but I deserve to treat myself. \ That's right, you do. I have a hard time doing that myself and should realize I deserve it as well too.
I almost drowned when I was little.  I was more embarrassed than scared to be honest \ That sounds horrible!  Good thing you are all right and only walked away with a little shame!
It was big shame haha but I took swimming lessons after and ended up on the swim team...so it worked itself out \ That's good.  It could have been a lot worse!
My toilet backed up in my house last weekend! I was so grossed out! \ I would be too haha...whos fault was it
I think my kid put too much toilet paper in it! \ How old is your kid
I saw a family on their porch while I was out on my morning jog. It made me think about when my daughter still lived at home. \ That's cool that you're active.  Does she go to college or what
No, she graduated a couple years ago and now she has an apartment.  \ Gotcha.  I make sure to call my mom at least twice a week, I'm 26 and I've got my own apartment as well
I was an awkward teenager and was super scared to talk to girls..now I'm getting numbers left and right it's pretty great \ That's really awesome, I'm happy for your success and encourage you to enjoy yourself.
Haha thanks for your kind words.  How's your Saturday going \ So far so good, just trying to stay cool. Good conversations are helping.
I just won $300 dollars on a scratch off ticket. It feel really good. I can pay some bills with it. \ That is wonderful news. That is a lot of money to win. I am happy for you.
I couldnt believe it. It really comes in handy. I feel so lucky. \ Oh yes, you can relax a bit and pay some bills.
I bought a scratch off ticket and won $50.00 I usually lose my money but this time I won. Lucky me. \ Amazing. Those things seem to never pay out. That is a lot.
Yes it is, they are tempted to buy but hard to win. \ I know that feeling. Did you treat yourself after winning?
I am proud of the eagles for winning the superbowl last year \ I'm a Boston boy but I gotta give em props
thanks, you beat us in 2005, that broke my heart \ People hate on Brady cuz he's been gold since day 1.  But the Eagles came ready on defense that's for sure
I don't go out looking for trouble.  But if some stranger disrespects me in public I'm always ready to knock his ass out \ That is good, that is what we hit the gym for right?
Yessir do you go to a gym \ I do, I have been trying to bulkup, I am 6'4 190 and need some more on my frame
A co-worker of my husband asked me out on a date. I think that was rude and I told him no. \ That could be awkward. I wonder what made him feel he could do that?
I have no idea, some people just don't think before saying things. \ Hopefully he got the point and wont ask again.
I think someone was following me home last night. I took off running and didnt stop until I got home. \ I am happy that you reached home safely. You have to be very careful when traveling at nights.
I felt so scared. Im just glad I noticed them before it was too late. Never going that way again. \ We are living in a cruel world, I am just happy that you are fine.
Playing the WII with my little brother was so frustrating...he would beat me in boxing and tennis and I would be so mad I'd keep asking for another round haha \ I know the feeling, my little nephew used to beat me at Mortal Kombat constantly just by button smashing. How did your little brother get so good at Wii?
Well it turned out we were both too close to the sensor and he was like 5 so it read his movements better haha \ Ahhh! Well at least you found out it was just user error and not that he was actually better than you!
I was waiting to hear back about a potential job offer, I really wanted the job. \ How long has it been since the interview?
That's the thing, my anxiety and excitement started the moment I first talked to the company, it was driving me crazy. But I ended up getting the job! \ Oh well congrats and good job!
I am as happy as a clam right now. My neighbors are away for the weekend! \ are they typically bad or something?
The live upstairs and constantly thump around, screeching into their cellphones. And then there's the video games... \ Oh that makes sense, well enjoy the peace and quiet!
I get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, I am lucky to have them for sure \ Nothing wrong with being emotional. It's healthy. I get a bit emotional about that stuff too. Family and friends are extremely important.
I guess not, most people do not have that view though \ If they don't, that's their loss. My family are so important to me - I love them dearly. The same goes for my close friends. Don't listen to other people - they're the ones missing out!
An elderly friend of mine gave me one thousand dollars to keep for him. \ He must trust you a lot.
I think so and I will not let him down. I have invited him over for dinner. \ I hope you guys have fun
I trust my wife blindly  \ That is nice. we are suppose to trust our spouses.
Yes, but nowadays os hard to trust anyone. \ I know one has to earn trust.
There was a story about a duck being a mother to 76 ducklings.  It was so sweet. \ That is a lot of kids, imagine raising that many kids!
No thanks, ha.  I guess it was a huge deal with scientists as ducks usually only care for up to 15 and the largest known was 35. \ wow, that is huge, they must have abosrbed kids from another duck or something
I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I am still not over it \ I am so very sorry for your loss.  I lost my mom last year.
Wow, I am sorry to hear that, I hope you can cope \ It is a very long process, but it is true that time does help a tiny bit.
So, I got home from work yesterday and I found out that my girlfriend threw me a surprise birthday party! \ Thats great! How old are you.
I turned 28! I was so excited for the party, even though I think I'm too old for them. \ You're never too old to have fun! Don't ever think that. Always stay a kid at heart
I just rescued a dog this week and she was so abused. Just a baby.  \ Awwwww that's so sad to here. Where did you rescue her from?
She was running around the neighborhood and my neighbor was going to kick her so I had to take her \ I would have done the same thing! Who does that guy think he is? I would've tried kicking him back.
It was my last cash and I went into Subway bought a sandwich came out and it fell from my hands. \ OH no. Were you still at subway?
I stepped outside but it was my last money, so I had to go back to work without lunch. \ I know the feeling. Its hard to work when you are hungry.
Very hard and people saw when it fell, It was a terrible feeling. \ I bet you were embarassed
I cant believe my paycheck is gone already \ What happened? You had too many bills to pay.
No I spent it shopping online. I am a bad person \ Haha. well at least you treated yourself now you are broke.
I know. I will look cute for two weeks but have an empty purse lol \ Yes you will be looking cute and get a lot of attention
Maybe I will get a sugar daddy \ Now you're talking. That would be nice ;)
I am learning how to wake-board this weekend! I am really nervous though! \ What is wake-board. That sounds a bit scary.
It is like water skiing but on a board!  It is fun, but a little nerve racking! \  I bet it is, i am afraid of water, I cannot swim so i know for a fact I would not be trying that. I hope you have fun.
I really miss my man. He went on a business trip to Europe so I am here in his shirt. \ That no good!  How long will he be gone?
He will be gone for two weeks but it feels like 2 years. \ Just hold on a little longer!  You will feel better when he gets back!
I want to take my kids to a buffet today \ That's great. Hopefully they eat a lot of food!
I am afraid they won't and I will waste my money \ I am sure they will have a great time
My friend from across the continent came over yesterday! I was so happy about it \ Thats awesome. What did you guys do?
We ended up hanging out and recording some audio. He is a voice actor \ that sounds fun!
I made an A in all three of my summer courses. I must say that I even surprised myself. \ You must be very proud of yourself. I am proud of you. You are a star.
Thank you I appreciate it. I didnt think I was capable of doing that. \ So you really surprised yourself. I guess you studied hard.
I have been trying to purchase a car but my credit is so bad. I even tried to repair it but to no avail. \ Sometimes it just takes a time and you need to stay proactive. I know it can be disappointing. 
It is like the more I try the harder it is to be repaired. \ Just keep a budget and stay strict. It will gradually get better.
When I was a little kid I used to watch "The Nighmare Before Christmas" with my parents all the time....saw it again just the other day reminded me of my family \ I think I have seen that movie
What kind of movies do you like \ I like animated movies. I have lots of kids lol
I love looking at old family albums \ Do you miss your family
They live in the city. I just like the memories and seeing us all younger \ Nice I'm in TX and my fam's in MN.  I try to visit them at least once a year
My friend just won $500 in scratch-off lottery tickets! \ Oh that is awesome for your friend!
Oh totally. I'm happy for her but part of me was also a little envious, I hate to admit. \ Yeah I can understand that. I would feel the same.
My daughter just competed in her first dance competition.  \ Oh how exciting! How did she do?
She got first place! And she was eve competing against much older girls.  \ Amazing, you must feel really proud!
I am proposing tomorrow! \ Congrats! How exciting!
Yeah, thanks.  I'm really nervous, but I am eager to hear her answer.  I'm not sure how it will go. \ Good luck! I am sure it will be fine.
I wasn't able to make rent this month. \ Ohh man, I am so sorry.  I have had that happen to me many times over the last five years.  Did you contact your landlord?
My dad helped me cover it, so that was great! \ It is wonderful that you have family that can help.  Are you going to be OK going forward?
I found a kitten in the bushes, I took it home tried to find its owner. No one claimed her so I took her in. \ That was really nice of you!  You must have a really caring heart!
Yes I do, I took her to the vet and she is sleeping comfortably at home. \ That cat will love you forever!
I am going on my first roller coaster ride at Universal Studios next week and am scared out of my mind! \ I have never been on a roller coaster. I would be very scared too.
Yeah, I am hoping I don't scream like a little girl the whole time! \ Hahaha you are going to scream, I hope you dont puke. It should be fun though.
The other day I rescue and abandoned dog on the street, and took care of him until we found him a new home. \ Awww that is so sweet. Did he go to a good home?
Yes I tried my best to make sure that these people were willing and able to take very good care of him. \ That is good to hear. I hope he lives a good life.
My roommate and best friend just moved out. \ How are you feeling about it?  Are you sad?
I am really sad about it. It is so boring. \ I am sorry about it, did she move close by or to another town?
I took on a challenging speed bike course recently that was above my skill level. \ That was probably not a good idea, how did it go for you?
It actually worked out amazing! I knew going into it that I'd practiced a lot and had built up my skills, so I was sure I could do it even if I was a little hesitant. \ Well, you never know if you can do something till you try. I am glad you were able to do so well.
When I was interviewing for a promotion at my job. I did all I could to get ready for the interview.  \ That can be kind of scary. How did it go?
It went great. I having put in all the work ahead of time to get ready, I knew exactly how to answer the questions they had for me.  \ Awesome, congratulations! It just goes to show how great things can happen when you're prepared.
I was devastated to find out my cousin was killed in a tragic car accident. \ Oh that's really bad!
Yeah. To make things worse, he was one day away from receiving his PHD. Really devastated everyone who knew him. \ That is just sad. People in education dying really sucks.
So when i was younger i had family over and also my girfriend. \ That's cool. What did you guys all do?
Well i ended up making out with my girlfriend on the couch when i though everyone was in the dining room. \ I bed it was exciting just because of the idea of getting caught!
Well i got caught and i felt bad and awkward. \ Oh wow! Wasn't expecting that. But kissing your girlfriend is hardly something to be shamed of.
I'm optimistic about my future.  Being self-employed with tons of ideas coming to me everyday makes me feel pretty confident that I'll be straight balling in no time \ I bet you will be balling. I hope you remember the poorer folks like me.
I will.  Just send me your bank account details and I'll keep it on the back burner ;) \ That sounds grand :) it's a deal I am rooting for you.
I remember the first time I went to the movie. It was with my friends and I was eager to go. \ And what movie did you guys see
I think it was Toy Story. I felt strange looking at the big screen. \ Wow that must have been a while back...do you still keep in touch with these friends
I am hoping for a raise with my evaluation next week.  Fingers crossed.  It was a good year though. \ Good luck! I am sure that it will go well.
Thanks.  I hope so.  I have been working so hard. \ I hope you find out soon.
I just got a new puppy last week and now he's dead. \ Oh my gosh.  I am so sorry.  What happened?
He got hit by a car. \ Oh no.  Poor thing!  Hope you are hanging in there.
This weekend was very stressful at work, but I have been able to relax during the weekend and read good books. \ That is good, reading always relaxes me too.
Yes I have always love reading.  Nothing like reading a good book and a glass of red wine to be happy again after a hard week. \ Yes, curling up in bed with those things can relax you like nothing else!
I put in an application for a new home and I am really wishing to get it!  \ That is exciting!   How long will it take before they give you and answer?
I'm not sure but I have searched everywhere for a home like this, I will be so upset if I don't get it. \ I hope everything goes great and you get your new home!
Man the Patriots let me down last year...but gotta give the Eagles props they came ready \ Ah a Patriots fan. Sorry about that, but they've been so great in the past, you should feel pride in that.
True. Brady's got too many haters cuz he's been gold since day 1 \ He really is a talented player, I must admit.
I went to my daughter's awards ceremony at school recently. \ How was that experience for you
It was really wonderful seeing her go up for so many awards.  \ You must have been proud.  But she wouldn't be there if you didn't persistently push her to do her best
At my job a coworker took credit for a job I had completed. Once I found out, I went straight to my boss and got it straightened out. \ Good job.  Your coworker sounds like a shady little b**ch did you let him/her know what's up
I found them and gave them a piece of my mind. What kind of person does something like that. \ For real.  Glad you had enough self-respect to handle it, most people dont'
I used to get nervous and anxious whenever someone would try to start a fight or argument with me...now I don't ever back down, and it helps I've been boxing and wrestling for 5 years \ I am glad to hear that. It can take a lot for some people to be confident like that. I am glad you got over your issues with it.
Yes too many people talk a big game but can't back it up.  Sometimes I just want someone to blatantly talk crap so I don't have to do any talking hahaha \ Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. 
My kid lied to me yesterday. \ I've had that happen before.  Its like they are trying to become professionals at it. Was it a whopper?
Not really, they are young, but they were trying to get a sibling in trouble instead of themselves.  I wasn't expecting it at such a young age...only 3. \ I think they would lie sooner if they could.  My kid told me flat out that her brother did something when it was impossible that he could've so I knew instantly.  Its humorous while they're young watching them get into such a deep hole.
I told my husband that I was going to see a friend when I didn't. I went to a party planner's place. \ Are you going to have a surprise party?
Yes! I feel bad for lying to him but I would only ever do it for his own good.  Its nagging at me already though.  I might up the date of the party so I don't have to lie too much! \ I know that is hard, but it's alright if you do it for the right reasons.  You all will be able to laugh about it when it's all over.  Have fun!
The other day at work when I was in the elevator I realized I had an extra-button from my shirt unbuttoned,  \ Oh geez, I know how that is. How long do you think it had been that way?
I am not sure I just wondered about that and who were the people I had met. \ That's pretty interesting. Well, I hope you get that all sorted out!
I was out for a walk one night in a suburb of Boston when we heard the cries of a young animal. It was a baby kitten, with no collar, in a window well. \ Poor thing! What did you do?   Did you take it home with you?
We actually did, and ended up adopting him. He was still so young he needed formula, but now he is thriving! \ eww,  that is great you took such great care of him.  
When I was a kid I almost drowned so I would be nervous getting in the pool...but since my parents put me in swimming lessons I gained confidence and even joined the swim team \ Wow, good for you finding the courage to overcome your fear! I can understand why you were nervous after what you went through.
Yes it was scary.  But I'm grateful for my parents for nipping it in the bud...sometimes that kind of fear stays with a person for the rest of their life \ I completely understand. Your parents sound like great people.
We went camping this summer and my boyfriend made fun of me for packing so much stuff. \ Aww haha how many bags did you bring
It honestly wasn't *that* much stuff, I packed it well. But the joke's on him, he felt dumb for making fun of me after we needed a bottle opener and I just so happened to pack one. \ Heey there you go...sounds like you're the resourceful one
I used to swim competitively when I was a kid. I started around 4th grade.  \ That is great.  Do you still swim?
No not anymore. I wish I did but I have gotten kind of lazy since those days.  \ Well you can start slowly, I'm sure you will find your motivation again
I can't wait for my new nephew to be born, it should happens at any moment \ That is so exciting! I love babies. Do you know what his name will be?
Not they haven't decided yet, they first want to see how he looks like. \ Thats a neat way to decide on a name. We picked our kids names months in advance. Luckily their names fit them well. 
I tried my mother in law's cooking for the first time the other day. \ Soooo how was it?
It was the worst thing I've ever tasted. Really disgusting. \ Oh no haha. I'm guessing you at least had to be polite and pretend like you didn't want to puke?
This couple just moved into my building and have been having loud parties almost every night! \ That sounds awful!
Yeah, it's really irritating. I don't mind people having fun but come on, every single night? It's really ticking me off. \ Have you tried talking to them about it?
There's been noise at my door every night at the same time. I check and there isn't anything. \ Maybe someone is playing a trick on you
That's what I'm thinking. I want to catch them! \ Set a trap. Or maybe just a camera
I promised myself I would exercise more. \ How's it going with that?
Terrible. I have literally done nothing. \ hahaha I've been that way too.
I felt a need to help when the baby bird was by itself \ That 's nice of you.  Did you keep it as a pet
I did not, I was little but I think I put it back into a tree \ Cool.  Some birds shouldn't be in captivity.  What kind of bird was it
Chinese New Year in Hong Kong was always a happy time.  I spent 2 years there cuz of my dad's job and we would go see the parade with dancing dragons and live music, it was pretty sweet \ Crazy, was it like the movies?
Pretty much \ Reminds me of that Eddie Murphy movie!
I saw a guy at the mall wearing a cut off tank top like you used to see in the 80's except he was 400 pounds. \ Lmao sounds like a confident dude
Yeah, I looked at my wife and said that he must have lost a bet. \ Or he's looking for his soulmate
McDonald's used to be my go-to when my college friends and I got drunk...now I'm scared to even touch it haha \ I hear you.  I still love the McNuggets, but I never eat them since I went Vegan.
That's awesome.  I alternate between meat days and vegetarian days, I definitely notice more energy in my body \ It's the best,  but it is hard to give up the delicious fried meats, though.  
I took a helicopter ride for a date one time and the helicopter malfunctioned.  \ Oh my goodness!  What happened?!
We ended up being okay. We had to do an emergency landing. \ I bet you and your date were shaken up!
Yesterday I was driving down my local highway when suddenly a car pulled right out in front of me! \ Did you crash!?
Yes!  I think I totaled my 1993 little red Corvette!  I am so heartbroken! \ I am so sorry that happened to you! 
An actual ice cream man came through my neighborhood! I didn't think they still exist. \ I don't think that I have seen/heard one of those since the 90s... Possibly the early 2000's at the earliest! Crazy, I didn't know that they still exist either!
Right? Seeing the kids come running out really made me miss when I was little and got all excited about the ice cream man! \ I loved that too!
I am content with my life. I have nothing to complain about, luckily! \ That is wonderful to hear, good for you. There's way too much craziness in the world making people unhappy. It's nice to hear someone is doing well and happy.
Agreed. I have to actively distance myself away from the drama of reality but doing this makes me happier. Not sure if this is ideal but that's ok! \ Distancing yourself from the negative things sounds like a totally healthy way to insulate yourself from that stuff.
My best friend have recently been spending a lot of time with some people from her work.  \ That stinks.  I always feel left out when that happens to me.  Even more so when I know the people from my best friend's work so when I can't be involved, its hard.  How do you feel about it?
I am not happy  that it seems she doesn't have much time to spend with me anymore. \ I'm sorry.  Make sure to reach out to her and tell her how you feel.  If she's a good friend, she'll understand and make an effort to make time for you but don't let it make you bitter.
We had an intruder three nights ago who went through all out stuff while we were sleeping and ransacked our basement. \ How terrifying!  Did the intruder took anything or was he just some kind of creep?
He took the only nice ring I had and a bunch of stuff from our basement and our tv.  It was horrifying!  I'm usually a light sleeper but I didn't even hear him. I'm looking into an alarm system. \ That is so awful.  I imagine you won't feel safe again until you get the alarm.  You can also get a big dog to help you keep safe.
I was eating breakfast when my daughter screamed, "There a humongous spider behind you!" \ Oh man, that would have freaked me out what did you do?
I thought there'd be some huge tarantula, but it turned out to be just a tiny little thing. I caught it and let it out outside. \ It seems your daughter may over exaggerate things a little bit.
I was cleaning out the attic last week, and came across a box of old photo albums and some of my childhood things. I sat for hours just looking at old photos. \ Aw, that must have brought up a lot of nostalgia for you. 
It really did. Seeing all those old faces I haven't seen for years. It was a great experience. \ Did you share it with anyone else?
I told my best friends secret to another one of our friends.  \ Why did you do it?  Do you now feel bad about it?
It just came out, I didn't mean to. I have never felt so bad about anything. \ Well maybe you can tell your friend and ask him/her to forgive you.
I've trained very hard, so I believe I will be fine in a 5k race I have next week \ Well if you trained as hard as you stated, I am sure you will do great!
i certainly hope so,  I will also rest before the race and eat right to improve my odds of doing well. \ Sounds like a great plan. Good luck!
I recently applied for a job with a  new company. It would be such a step up for my family if I got it. \ Nice, a step up is always such a relief. Do you feel confident you'll get the job?
Some, I did well in the interview. Just trying to keep spirits up while they make their decision. \ Well I hope you get it. Good luck!
I'm waiting to hear about a lucrative job opportunity, it would pretty much be my dream job. \ That's great. How long are you going to have to wait?
Not sure, hopefully I hear this upcoming week. I feel pretty good about my chances so that's making the waiting a little easier. \ I am glad you are so confident about your prospects. I hope you hear something very soon from them.
Most of the decisions that I made as a teenager were kind of embarrassing in retrospect. \ I think we've all been there...I've done my fair share of dumbassery
I feel it. Most of the bad decisions were fun, at least. \ Ha YOLOOO
I wake up every morning and I'm just amazed at the man I am.  Like, you've come pretty far Buddy keep shooting for the moon...cuz I used to be a worthless deadbeat \ That's whats up!
Yessir no way to go but up \ Keep it up. Failure is for dweebs.
I hope you never have kidney stones, but I have had several.  A month ago, I had to have surgery because one was lodged and was too big to pass. \ Ouch, that sounds so painful!  No I have never have them.  Do you know you can avoid them in the future?
No, I wish I did.  But, in spite of all that, I have such an awesome wife.  She took care of me post-surgery.  For over two weeks, she was so considerate and helpful to all my needs.  I was down, but she really helped me.   \ That is great that your wife took such great care of you!   I hope you are now feeling completely recovered.
I have a small party at my house last night and didn't invite my best friend. \ Oh, really?  Was something wrong?  
No, I just though she wouln't get along with the other people I had, but I still feel bad I didn't even tell her about the party. \ I can understand your feelings; but I suspect you made the right decision.  Maybe it is something you can talk with your friend about.  A good friend will understand.
Yesterday was an awful day for me...I got fired from my job. \ Oh no! I'm so sorry!
Thanks for your condolences. I'm doing alright, trying to get over it. Have you ever been fired before? \ No but I've had my hours so reduced that it wasn't working going to work due to everything going to union dues and transportation.
I was in a group chat last night and forgot to turn off the cam, when I left the chatroom. \ Oh, that's never any good. Did the group see you do anything embarrassing?
Probably undress, snore and fart. \ Well, that does sure sound like a show. I bet they shared a bunch of laughs over those wretched and foul farts.
I can't wait until all the trees change colors and the weather starts getting cold. I love Autumn! \ I know right! I noticed leaves on the ground the other day and got all excited! Is autumn your favorite season, too?
Yes! My absolute favorite! It's not too cold and not too hot and there is so much beauty all around! It is soon time to get all the winter clothes out. \ I don't mind winter either but you're so right, the temperature is just right during fall.
I worked really hard on this project for work and it totally bombed. \ Awe, sorry to hear that. I am sure you did better than you think.
Well, not really according to analytics. I was really let down by the fact that it was a flop but I'm not going to let it drag me down too much. \ That is a good attitude. Better luck next time!
Someone keyed my new car yesterday at work. \ Oh no! Did you find out who?
No,  I don't know who that was and it is better for them it keeps that way, or I will make them pay for it and denounce them to the police. \ You should look for camera in the area, they could help you catch the perp.
I had to go and take a test in order to get certified, and I was feeling really good about it. I have been studying for days \ What are you getting certified for?  It seem that you were weel prepared.
I am going to be a certified pharmacy technician. I cant wait to find out if I made it \ That is great.  I wish you the best of luck!
I went to a magic show last week. The magician was really talented. \ That's cool.  Was he better than Cris Angel
Oh yeah, definitely. It takes a lot of skill to be able to perform like that. \ What kind of tricks did he do
I thank God everyday for having big balls...moved to South TX after living in MN for 15 years with my parents, no friends family or connection...and now I'm fully self employed living the dream every day \ Congratulations! It takes a lot of courage to move away from home like that.
Totally.  Used to work a 9-5 job that I hated and that's over too.  Life just keeps getting better and better  \ It's great that you're so positive about life.
My husband comes home tomorrow from a month long business trip! I am so excited and cleaning the house and getting things all ready! \ Oh you are such a great wife! I think he will totally appreciate it! Are you doing anything nice for him?
I'm making his favorite dinner and got my parents to take the kids after he spends some time with them so we can have a proper date! \ Oh, sounds very romantic! Have fun my friend!
The house is all cleaned and ready for my guests. Wow, I was cleaning all day! \ I was doing the same thing!  Hard work but so satisfying when you see the results!  Who is coming to stay?
Yes, there is no better satisfaction, in my opinion, than a clean house. :) My sister is visiting with her kids. They are staying for a week here at my house. I am sure the house is going to be trashed in the end. \ I completely agree.  Mine can get trashed in 10 minutes flat from the kids.  ha ha. Oh, how fun!  I hope you have a wonderful time!  Yeah, you'll probably be cleaning all over again by the end of it but its worth it.
Waiting to see if I would graduate was pretty unnerving \ That is a nerve-racking experience. But I'm betting you did graduate and did just fine!
Yep, had to take a class online over the summer but it worked out \ Congratulations! Waiting for results can be very stressful - everything's out of your hands and all you can do is wait.
I forgot my mother-in-law's birthday this year and can't look her in the eye! \ I'm sure she understands, just tell the truth!
I just feel so embarrassed - she never forgets my birthday. And my husband was away and didn't remind me :(  \ Yeah, I'd be pretty scared too, but it's better to be upfront about it to get it off your chest
My neighbor sits out on his balcony butt naked sometimes. \ That sounds pretty disturbing.  Have you called the cops?
No but that might be a good idea. It's just an awkward and gross situation. \ I bet.  I wonder what he is thinking.
I have a surgery coming up on Monday. \ Oh no. Are you scared at all?
I am very nervous.  It is completely optional so I might just cancel it. \ Well if you do decide to go through with it, I wish you the best and quick healing!
I had surgery a few weeks ago. It was tough, but my friends really helped out. \ Oh my, what did you have surgery for?
My knee. But what's important is that my friends brought over dinner for a week so I wouldn't have to cook. They're really wonderful and I'm very lucky to have them as friends. \ That's really nice! I hope you recover really quick!
I am going to take a test to see if I can get certified and I feel really confident. I cant wait! \ Great! I'm sure you've prepared a lot for it. Good luck!
I have been studying for days \ I'm sure you'll do well.
I am going to the beach tomorrow and I believe I have packed everything we will be needing there. \ Oh how exciting! I love the beach! Are you bringing lots of snacks and drinks?
I am bringing some and beer too, but I hope I have remembered  all the rest like swimsuit, lifesavers, beach toys, towels, sun blocker , etc. \ Oh yes don't forget the sun block. Very important! Well I hope you all have fun out there! I am jealous!
I have fixed up house to the best of my ability. I feel very certain that it will sell very quickly. \ I certainly hope so,  Why do you want to move?
I am moving to a smaller house with a big yard where life will be a lot easier. Less house to clean and more time outside. :) \ That sounds great, That is how I like my houses to be too.
Yesterday I found my dog chewing my leather loafers. Apparently he thought they were a chew toy. I was livid. \ They must have tasted good!
Yeah at least he got a good snack. I will have to keep my closet closed from now on! \ Lesson learned, that's for sure
I was the only one wearing pajamas at this party, not my greatest moment \ Oh boy. Did you not get the memo that you were supposed to be wearing a dress?
I thought that it was a pajama party haha, never worn a dress before, maybe that's the secret \ Everyone looks good in a dress. Just make sure to shave first.
We had a huge black snake in our backyard today and couldn't catch it. Now I am looking all over the place whenever I go outside. Waiting for it to shock me. \ Guess you're just going to have to evacuate or something!
I want to!  I hate snakes and am terrified to go outside!  We've caught about 5 this year and taken them to a field and by we, I mean my husband because I am never involved. ha ha. \ Better not go on any planes!
I had some trippy nightmares as a kid, now I don't really have dreams \ Oh man, I did too.  I still do every once in a while but only when I'm having trouble sleeping.  Does one stand out from the rest that you remember vividly?
Yeah, it was like I was tied to a chair and a huge thing was staring at me, pretty weird \ Creepy! I once had a dream of a Lion laying at the end of my bad. It was scary but also comforting.  I feel like I could've touched it. Glad you're free of those dreams now.
So, last night I tried throwing a salad in the oven, thinking I was Gordon Ramsey. \ hm never tried baked salad. How'd it go, Ramsey?
It went how'd you think cooking a salad in the oven would go. The lettuce was scorched and the tomatoes tasted like dog poop. Absolutely disappointing. \ Well, you get experience points on that. Hopefully, the next dish is better.
Went to Texas, and it was raining pretty hard the whole time I was there. \ It's been raining hard here in Virginia too. Did you get whisked away in a flash flood?
Nah, not that bad. Just couldn't go anywhere. \ Some days trapped inside the house aren't always bad. At least you don't have to think too hard on what to do.
I went to the gym today to register with a promotion were I was supposed to get 1 free month. But it turned out the promotion was expired. \ Oh no! I hate when things like that happen. You can sometimes still get it if you try to speak to the manager
I tried to but he was not available at the time, I guess I will tried again tomorrow. \ Yea...sometimes gym managers tend not to be there which is a pain. I hope it works out for you, though!
I accidentally told my best friend's secret to a mutual friend \ You must feel awful about it!  What are you going to do?  Are you telling your friend?
I do! It just sort of...slipped out. I feel obligated to tell my friend I did it because it would be even worse if it came back to bite me later \ Yes I believe it is better.  I hope your friend understand.
I used to be miserable when no one would hit me up and I'd spend the weekend solo at my parents' house...now I turn off my phone just to keep from getting distracted \ That sounds sad.  What are you getting distracted from?
Stacking my dough sky high....too many alcoholic friends and tinder chicks texting me haha \ Well, that sounds admirable.  Focusing on making money so you can be independent.  
You'll never believe what I did today. \ Try me
I walked out of the grocery store and put my bags in the wrong car.  It looked just like mine and the doors were unlocked. \ haha oh man did the owner get mad...or did he just laugh it off
I feel confident that eating a fruitarian diet will give me more energy and happiness. \ Hmm, don't you need fat and protein in your diet also?
I have done a lot of research and so many fruitarians are thriving and feeling the best they ever had in their life. There is fat in avocados and avocados are considered a fruit.. \ Oh I hadn't even thought of avocado. Well good luck with the diet, I hope it works for you!
I wrote an email to a family member I haven't spoken to in a long time and I wasn't sure how they'd take everything I said in it. \ Oh wow! That is a brave thing to do! Your letter must have been a little intense if you are worried how they will take it. How did it work out?
Yep, it was full of emotion and a lot of things I needed to get off my chest. I was quite nervous waiting for a response but it turns out I had nothing to worry about. She was really glad I spoke up! \ Awe that is great! I am glad there was a happy ending!
When I was ripped with a six pack I used to feel like I was cheating myself if I had anything with sugar...now I'll eat whatever I want and still be in great shape \ That is awesome. What changed?
My metabolism I guess...or lifting weights, it was all body weight routines back then \ Can fat really turn into muscles? Asking for myself? lol 
I really enjoy Toyota cars. You can count on them to take care of you for a while! \ I rented a Corolla once.  It had great responsiveness, was speeding like a mofo 
Right. I have a camry! Its an 2007. I have not had any major problem, that the manufactor has paid to fix! Ive had a corolla also! \ I'm more of a Honda guy tbh.  My Civic lasted me a 21hr nonstop drive from MN to South TX and she still runs good as new
Yesterday something was smelling awful in the kitchen and after a lot of search it turned out that it was some eggs that have rotten over the counter. \ Gross!  That must have been disgusting!
Yes it was! But at least it was not some dead animal as I was afraid it could be. \ That is true!  way to look at the bright side!
Yesterday I wasn't paying attention while driving and almost hit a person in a crosswalk.  I felt so bad and knew I was in the wrong. \ How scary!   Thank god nothing bad happened after all. 
Yeah, I learned my lesson for sure. \ That is the important thing,  I always keep reminding myself to focus while driving too.
I sure miss the days when I was young and living at home. We had a nice house and all I had to do was schoolwork and play with my friends. \ True, you must be feeling nostalgic, kids going back to school and all
Yeah now I have responsibilities. I wish I could go back to how things were. \ Someone needs to invent a time machine!
I didn't realize that stealing was bad until I realized how it made me feel afterwards \ So you probably felt pretty guilty huh. Did you return what you stole?
No, I was scared to get charged, but I stopped after that \ Glad to hear you stopped with your wayward habits before the Po Po caught up with you!
I've struggled with my weight for years and my ability to stick to a diet, but for the past four months I have been very dedicated to a new diet approach! I'm seeing amazing results. \ that is awesome. i too have had the same issues.
I'm trying a new thing where I'm fasting for 16 hours a day by skipping breakfast. Makes it so much easier to stay faithful to a diet plan! \ i wouldn't eat until 11 am and then stop eating by 9pm
Yeah, that sounds like a really good idea! \ it's not as hard as i thought it would be. certainly helps with staying within a certain amount of calories per daay.
i sometimes feel badly for the way our clothes and home look \ Aww, why's that? Do you live in an older home>?
our home was built in 1926. it's a sturdy home but needs some updates \ Hey, don't worry about what other people think! As long as you have a safe roof over your head and your family is happy, that's all that matters!
 I had someone break into my garage the other day. \ Oh no.  Did they do damage or steal anything?
They stole my kids bikes and some tools.  It is scary to think they were that close to my house.  I have beefed up the security since then. \ That is definitely scary.  I don't understand why people want to steal from others.  Get a dang job!
I completed some tests for qualifications.  I'm anxiously waiting to see if I passed. \ Was that for work?
Yes.  I'm trying to add on to my skill set.  Hopefully for better paying work. \ I'm sure you are going to do great.  I really hope you do get a better paying job as a result.  Good luck!
Buddy of mine and I had both paid for front row tickets to a concert...I was so mad at myself when we got there and I forgot it back home \ Oh that sucks! How far do you live from the venue?
At the time I lived almost an hour away and parking was packed so I knew it was a lost cause...ended up getting some chick's number at the bar later though lol \ Sorry you missed the concert. That is a bummer! But it came with some perks I guess. You met a girl!
I get so mad when the local kids throw eggs at the front doors of houses in my neighborhood. It is so infuriating! \ Oh man I'd be mad too...you should wait outside with a paintball gun 
Yeah! I wish I had the time for it! I am going to buy one of the web cams and catch them in the act. I am going to teach them a lesson! But I love the paintball idea! That is great!  \ Yup gotta lay down the law
When I was a young child, I fell off of the slide, but my father caught me before I hit the ground. I knew I could count on my dad after that day. \ What a nice story and how wonderful to feel so protected!
Thank you, and most certainly! Parents can make a big impact in a child's life. \ Yes I am sure that have make you or will make you in the future a wonderful parent too!
I am waiting for some blood and other test I have to had last week, because I was not feeling well. \ Oh no! I hope that you get well soon and that the tests come back okay!
I am already feeling better, but I hope everything is fine. \ Me too! I'm not sure what you might be going through but do consider making sure youre eating a good amount of fruits and veggies. Herbs too, they're all healing and helpful to the body.
I have been working on a new business lately and I am so excited about it everyday! \ That is good! What work do you do there?
I am working on selling stuff online. It requires a lot of research \ Must find some cool things while doing it.
So my father cheated on my mom once. \ That's horrible. Did they divorce?
No they figured there problems out. But i was really annoyed at him for it.  \ Of course! betrayal is horrifying to go through. I hope he became a better man for it?
I was at a meditation retreat last year for 10 days and I can say that I experienced a better feeling there than I could ever remembe \ I've always liked the idea of meditation, but I feel like it'd be hard. My mind is always racing!
Yeah, thankfully there's an app for that - Headspace (no I am not sponsored) \ Awesome, I'll check that out! I hear all sorts of great things about meditation.
Today was a great day. I was able to knock out a bunch of stuff that needed to be done and now I have the rest of the day to relax. Just sitting around with a nice cup of coffee. Very peaceful. \ Good to hear, coffee is the bomb!
Gotta have at least one cup every morning! Without it, I feel like my day never gets started. \ So much winning, but with coffee it never gets old
At my home we use artificial sweetener instead of sugar in our coffee. I was fixing my mother in law a cup of coffee and it slipped my mind that we don't use sugar and so I handed the cup to her. She ended up spitting coffee everywhere as a reaction. I feel like an idiot. \ Did she forgive you?
Yeah, she laughed it off and she actually felt bad for spitting it out. \ That must've been funny
I was at work and my friend left to go to the bathroom and didn't come back for what seemed like 30 minutes! There were so many customers that I had to deal with! \ Jeeze, I hope he really had to go, otherwise he must have been slacking off on purpose!
He did, when he came back I was mad but he really picked up the rest of the day leaving me little work \ Well that's good, at least he didn't do it on purpose. Otherwise I would have found a way to get back at him. Maybe laxatives to make him REALLY go!
My boyfriend recently proposed! \ Oh, congratulations! That's awesome. When's the wedding?
We haven't set a date yet, but my heart is filled with happiness \ I can imagine. Now you have to get planning the wedding. Should be fun
My little brother took my bike without asking me, and he left it outside the shop, then it got stolen! I'm so angry right now \ That was very careless of him, I'm sorry.
Yeah, he does things like this all the time. He doesn't have any money to replace it, either. \ Maybe you should talk with him and let him know how serious of an issue it is to you.
Last year a hurricane hit my area. Luckily I had planned well and had all the supplies I needed to stay safe. I am always thinking ahead like that. \ Sorry to hear that, I'm glad you were prepared.
Yeah I had plenty of food, batteries, first aid, and entertainment to keep me busy. It wasn't so bad. \ You did the right thing. You should always stay ready for a disaster.
I studied for four years at the university. \ Cool, what did you study?
I majored in Political Science. I will be graduating this year. \ Nice, I bet you can't wait to graduate.
I am really looking forward to going away for the holidays. \ Me too, do you have any special plans?
I want to go see the Harry Potter land at Universal, the kids will love it. \ How fun! yes I am sure they will have  a great time!
I am confident I will soon find a well paying job that will allow me to pay my student debt \ Those are such high payments, be sure to get your plan based on your income, it really helps.
I will thank you for the advise.  Yes it is hard, I am glad to hear some schools will be free son so student don't get such a load. \ Yes, the US takes advantage of the need for education. I hope you find a job you love, and don't forget that they have lots of payment options.
I have a phobia of water, and my boyfriend made me go out on his boat last weekend. \ Oh that sounds mean.  How did you do?
I was very scared and I won't be doing it again! \ Are you two still going out?
My daughter got a birthday card full of money this week and I took the cash before she could see it. \ Well, that was terrible of you. Why would you do that?
I'm desperate for cash.  I feel really bad about it, but I like having my knee caps intact.  I guess she'll find another way to pay for college anyway. \ Wow.... I certainly hope so.
I hurt my neck today. I must have slept on it wrong and my sweet husband gave me a neck massage to help. It was so sweet. \ Ouch, I've done that before. But how sweet of him, sounds like a keeper.
He's the best.  I was able to get up and get cleaning and work done today thanks to him.  \ Ah, so he had ulterior motives and wanted the chores done! Just kidding. Glad you're feeling better.
I moved into this new house and was woken up with this horrible screeching noise in the middle of the night. \ Terrifying! What was it?
It turned out to be the sump pump, I guess it was old. But yes, it scared the daylights out of me! \ Oh good. I bet!  I wouldn't have been able to go back to sleep after that!  Do you have to replace the pump?
I lost my house in a fire last year. All my friends banded together to help me in any way they could think of. \ Oh no! Did they help you find another home/let you stay with them for a while?
I stayed with some for a while. They also gave me hand me down things that I lost. I am so thankful to have great friends. \ That is so great! Its good to know that there are still good people in this world
I was at the fair the other day and I smelled funnel cakes. It reminded me of home \ I love those. That must have brought up some nice memories.
They did! It reminded me of when my mom used to make them from scratch \ Oh I see. Are you far from home?
I'm really hoping my acceptance letter shows up in the mail soon. \ Is it for college?
Law School, I'm pretty sure I got in to my first choice, but you never know. \ Well good luck, I hope you get in!
My boyfriend came home with a brand new car for me, one that I really wanted. \ Congrats! Did he choose wisely?
Yes, I was shocked and happy at the same time! \ Well, you did say it was one you really wanted. How nice of him to do that for you.
I just ordered a new cookery book and am eagerly awaiting its arrival. I want to delve in and try lots of new recipes! \ I love cooking! What types of things do you like to cook?
I'm vegetarian and cook all sorts of different cuisines - Indian, Italian, American. The only cuisine I'm not good at is Chinese. How about you? \ I am also a vegetarian and I love cooking Italian food.
I haven't seen my son in 2 years since he left for the military. \ Oh, that must be heartbreaking for you. Do you know where he is?
I don't but he told me he will be home to visit me for my birthday. I can't wait! \ That would be the best birthday present ever! I know he'll make every effort possible to be with you.
I couldnt believe my co workers took the time to throw a party for me without me being aware. \ That's so sweet.
It really made me feel special. I was just not expecting it. It really made my day go a lot better. \ Was it for your birthday?
Yes and I was supposed to have the day off, but it got really busy and I had to work. \ I hope I work with nice people like that one day.
I don't listen to any new music anymore \ There is so much different kinds it can be daunting sometimes on where to find the good stuff.
I listen to the same things I listened to in high school and that was 15 years agi \ Oh wow. I would suggest using Spotify and then make a radio playlist on your favorites artists. That is how I find newer but similar music.
I do that with Pandora but i hardly ever like anything new \ Sometimes it takes a while to really hone into your preferences. 
I recently got the news that my grandfather has cancer. I was so had to hear that because he is a great guy and doesn't deserve it. \ I am so sorry to hear that. That kind of news is always hard to receive.
Yeah, I just hope it doesn't spread. Perhaps he can still lead a normal life. \ They have all kinds of treatments for cancer now. He should have a fighting chance.
I had not seen my best friend in over 3 years. \ Sorry to hear that. What happened to him?
He had just been busy with life. But he was at my house when I got home for work. \ Oh that is a nice surprise. I bet you caught up with each other.
Something smelled really bad at work the other day. We found an old moldy rotting sandwich in a coworkers desk. \ Jeez, wonder why they left it there for that long?
I have no idea. We found it after she left. It was really gross. I wonder if her house is that nasty? \ Who knows, that's a waste of a good sandwich though!
I witnessed the most epic bottle flip in the history of bottle flips at my school \ Those are so much fun. Was everyone hype?
Yee yee, it landed on this little ledge that was super high up. \ Tight. Probably wont be able to do that again!
I have a coworker that plays their music so loud I can hear it from their headphones. I keep asking them to turn it down but they keep cranking it back up. \ That must make you angry. Can you report him?
Ive asked my manager to say something. Hopefully that happens Monday. I cant take it anymore. \ I understand. Hopefully he fixes it for you.
Ugh so a few weeks ago my 3 year old broke my favorite eyeshadows. \ No way!! Are you ok?
Yeah, I should have probably put it in a safer spot. Oh well. \ Did they take anything valuable?
I was waiting for a friend to bring some food to the party and they never showed up. I was really sad and we had to go get it ourselves \ Every found out why they didn't show up?
Yeah, they had to go pick up some of their family. We forgave them and everything is alright now \ Well that's understandable. Hope you had a great party afterwards!
While my job doesn't pay a lot, it's very rewarding. I work as a caregiver and it feels  so good to make someone happy. \ That must be amazing! I wish I had your job
It's not hard to get into, honestly. Especially if you know someone who needs help with daily living activities. Seeing a smile on their face when you walk in make it worth it! \ It would make me feel amazing to see their face!
So my 4 year old just learned how to spell his name last week. \ Oh that is cool! I bet you are proud.
I am! I've been working so hard with him lately!  \ It is paying off. That is such a fun age.
My phone is acting up again. \ Oh no. That sounds annoying. Know what's causing it?
No, but I am going to have to take it in again. \ Hopefully you have insurance?
My little grandson just came home from the hospital. He was born premature and weighted under 2 pounds. \ Oh my gosh, so tiny. I'm hoping since he was released from the hospital he is doing well now?
He is doing well, thank you. And we are so thankful everything is ok. It was touch and go for awhile \ I can imagine. I'm glad to hear he's better! Life is such a gift.
I made a really inappropriate joke about a coworker to some other people I work with and it got back to him. \ Oops. I hate when that happens. Did they say anything to you?
No, but the person who told him confessed. So I decided to be the bigger person and apologize to my coworker before things got too out of hand. He actually wasn't that upset and appreciated that I owned up to it, but I still felt bad for it, mostly that I did it behind his back. \ That was really nice of you to apologize like that. Some people would have just ignored it. I know that could have been embarrassing.
I love my girlfriend. She would never cheat on me \ That is really nice that you guys have that trust.
I hope to make her my wife some day! \ That is an awesome goal! Good luck!
Someone bumped into my car in an intersection and took off. \ That's unfortunate. A hit and run is terrible
Yes it is and now I am left to deal with the cost. \ I hope things look better. My friend dealt with a similar issue
My sister spilled some milk on me. It set me off! \ I hope it didn't mess up your clothes. I'm sure it was a mistake.
It was indeed a mistake. My clothes are fine now. \ I'm glad it didn't mess anything up and that your relationship with your sister is still in tact.
My son struggled all through school with his grades. \ That's unfortuante. I bet he is good now
He is. He will be graduating this year and going off to college. \ What university or college?
I got my work done early on Friday so I got to spend the day trying out a new bike trail on my new bike! \ that sounds exciting! Do you bike a lot?
I've only recently started getting really into it. It sounds kind of corny but getting out there on my bike makes life just really... satisfying. Calm. \ Doesn't sound corny. We all need a hobby to relieve stress!
So my 4 year old gets to start preschool in a week. \ Oh how exciting! Are you at all worried how they'll take being separated?
A little. I think that's normal though. Glad he'll start to make new friends though. \ Definitely. It will probably be tougher on you than him. Here's to a wonderful first day of preschool for both of you!
My house caught on fire and I lost all my belongings. Im so upset right now. I dont know what I am going to do. \ I am so sorry. That is horrible. Now what?
I need to get insurance to take care of me but I lost some irreplaceable things. Im just down right now. \ That must be so difficult. I hope all turns out well.
My son just graduated from college. \ Awesome. That is a huge accomplishment.
I know! It is just crazy how time flies. I know he will do great things. \ You must be very proud. Cant wait to see what he does next.
So, last night I thought I was Martha Stewart and tried out a new recipe I crafted - pepperoni cheesecake \ A+ for creativity.
Oh, believe me, I thought so as well. Turns out, pepperoni was never meant for cheesecake. I promptly threw it in the trash with disappointment. \ Never ventured, nothing gained and all.
My friend lost her job, but she won one of those scratch off tickets for $5,000. \ Seems like things turned out for the better. What is she going to do with the winnings?
She's going to pay bills until she gets a new job. \ Sounds like the responsible thing to do. Hopefully she gets a new one soon and her luck continues.
I wish I was The Rock. \ What kind of rock would you want to be?
The actor The Rock. \ So a dwayne rock.
I have to fill out forms all day so I scripted a program that does half of it for me and it works really well! \ Thats great. Did you create the script?
Yeah, had to google a bit of it but it worked out well. \ I love google. It is my favorite search engine.
I got a package in the mail of a purse i wanted and have no idea who it came from. \ Wow! That is amazing
Thanks. It was totally unexpected. \ I have never had that happen to me
I was at a restaurant and I got a hair in my food! I was appalled! \ That's disgusting! Hopefully you got a refund or your food recooked?
I told the waitress and they gave me another plate for free \ Good, I bet you were mad. At least they made it right though.
I recently did not pay my rent. My land lord has been terrible at providing services \ Oh no. I rent also so I know your pain. My last landlord was awful.  How did your landlord react?
He decided to start caring and doing his part. \ Oh good, glad he did that instead of just coming down on your for not paying.  Glad it worked out for you.
My family left today after a long visit to my house. I miss them already and wish I lived near them. \ Well hopefully you will see them again soon. I'm sure they will.
I usually see them a couple times a year so maybe near Christmas time.  Its just so quiet and boring now.  \ You must find joy in your life - something you are passionate about
I was waiting on some pregnancy test results from the doctor. \ You must be anxious and excited! Was it expected?
 My appointment is next week and my nerves are all over the place \ Hope everything goes as planned!
I'm thankful that I was able to repair my tire before it went flat on my car \ Lucky you did that in time!
Right, I caught it just as it happened and brought it to the shop, didn't cost as much as I thought it would either. \ Sounds like it worked out great for you!
so a while aog my cat went missing and i found her ran over in the road. \ That is so sad. Did you find out who did it?
Nope. But i did giver her a little funeral though. I loved that cat. \ I feel so sorry for you. I love my pets too.
I just bought a brand new car, \ How exciting! What kind of car is it?
It is a Honda Accord. I let my brother drive even though he is not that good of a driver. \ Oh sounds nice. Hopefully he doesn't have any accidents in it.
I miss being able to take my children to the park. \ How come you can't take them anymore?
they are all grown up.  \ Awww, well maybe you'll have grandchildren that you can take one day!
I've been dieting really hard for three months now to get ready for a bodybuilding show I have coming up. The results speak for themselves and I think I got this one in the bag! \ Where will the show be?
New Orleans, Louisiana! I'm so hyped up... but hungry. Once it's over and I go home with my first place trophy, I'm going to eat like a pig! \ that sounds amazing! check out the french quarter while you are there.
I love my friend. She just drove me to class \ Wow! You should do something back for her!
I think I am getting her a gift soon! \ Nice, I am jealous of your friendship!
I studied all night for my final exam" \ That's intense. I hope you did well!
I did! I got an A and I am so proud and happy ! \ Congratulations! That's great news. Well deserved
I cannot wait for Christmas!  It is such a happy time! \ I love the weather that time of the year. I agree, it is so much fun.
Everything about it just puts me in a good mood! \ That is awesome. I love all the food and time off.
I helped tutor my nephew in algebra. He ended up passing with an A. That made me very happy. \ You sound like a great uncle!  You must be proud of him!
I am very much so. I think it gave him the boost to continue making good grades. \ That is great that you are there to help him out!
I walked into a public restroom then quickly walked out. \ i hate to ask why you walked back out
All of the toilets had overflowed and the floor was covered with brown stuff. \ gross, i don't blame you, public restrooms are always disgusting
the neighbor's dog barked all night and kept me up, let's say I am not very happy right now \ I totally understand. The same thing happened to me last week. I thought I was going to lose it!
i understand the dog is being a dog, but the owner does nothing about it even when i tell him about it \ Right, I had to end up calling the homeowners association on them
My cat somehow figured out how to open the cabinet and stole a bag of treats. \ Wow that is very clever. I would have never thought that could happen.
Right? I wasn't even mad about it, I was astounded by his ingenuity. \ That is incredible. I wonder what else you can train him to do.
My best friend is coming visit me. I cant wait to go out and party. It has been too long. \ Ooh fun! Has it been long since the last time you saw them?
Its been about a year. We both moved away after college. \ That will be nice to have some time to catch up. Have fun!
I stole from my friends when I was a child. I feel terrible about it now \ Was it something important that you took ?
It was some Pokemon cards! \ I see, did they ever find out it was you ?
I like to be well ready for a big trip, don't you ? \ Yes, I love big trips. I spend hours packing!
It's almost as good as going on the trip itself. \ That's debatable!
My wife was able to get a job with Microsoft without going to a four-year college! \ That's pretty amazing. She must be skillful regardless.
She really is. It just shows that you don't need to have a four-year degree in order to be successful. \ Yea, experience and skills matter a lot more.
My online friend appiled to come to America. We're waiting for some good news. \ How exciting! Where is your friend originally from?
She's in Ghana. \ So awesome! Has she ever been to America before?
My wife just gave birth to our 11th child.  \ That's awesome! Congratulations.
Thank you!  It is crazy that I feel just as happy about this one as I did 14 years ago when our first was born. \ That's great. You have quite the household it seems!
My father almost passed away last year. It was very tough on everyone \ That is awful, I am sorry to hear that.  Is he doing better now?
Yes, he has made a full recovery! It's been a journey \ I'm so glad he is better.  Is the whole family doing alright?  I know that can be really hard on people.
I remember when I was a young one. I loved life. \ Life was easier back then, Hopefully you still love life?
I do, but maybe not with he same flare as before \ Nostalgia can stir emotions. You'll find something to love about life again.
We just bought a used car and we've already had to take it to the shop \ That's unfortunate. Sometimes used cars can be tough to deal with
Yeah, it's annoying. Hopefully nothing else goes wrong with it. \ I hope not. I have a feeling things will get better
One time  i forgot to pay for a candy bar before leaving the store. \ Oh no! I have had that happen to me before, too.
Yeah, I didn't get caught but took it back anyway. \ Good, I would have too!
I am getting ready to apply to graduate school, and I am feeling a little nervous. \ I'm sure you'll do great! Have you been preparing?
I have, I am getting ready to take my graduate exam in 2 weeks.  \ Good luck! don't be nervous. I'm sure you'll knock it out of the park!
I recently had a baby and now none of my friends want to hang out with me anymore.  \ Congratulations!  That's awful!  DO they not have kids themselves?  Its a pretty typical thing to happen when you're the first to have a baby among them and they don't understand that lifestyle. I've been there.
Well, the father also left, so for me, I've just felt very sad and isolated \ I'm so sorry. My sister was in the very same situation as you and I can tell you, she made it through and her daughter is 9 now.  She kept taking a day at a time and working hard and went back to school to become a nurse. You can do it to. Find some true friends who will support you no matter what. 
I just found out the small company I work for is going out of business. I cried all day Friday when I found out because I love working for them \ I am so sorry to hear this. I am sure you will find another job, but it doesn't make it any less painful.
I am worried about finding another job too because I don't have a degree for what I was doing because they taught me how to do it so now I'm not sure who will demand I have a degree. \ Just have faith, I am sure it will all turn out!
I helped find my friend's cats. She's glad they're back now \ Oh, no!  What happened?  Did she just get loose?  
Yes they both just wandered off when the door was open! \ Thankfully, they are both okay.  Dogs or cars, or anything for that matter could get them!
It was such a nice night last evening, that my wife, my children, and I all sat on the back porch and simply enjoyed the evening together. \ That's sounds like a lovely night. I bet it was wonderful
Absolutely.  I played my guitar, we sang, we talked, and just enjoyed the night.  God has been good to me.  Life is good.   \ I love the guitar, too! That's marvelous
I received a call that my friend was dead,  when I was in an occasion  \ Oh my goodness. I'm so sorry to hear that.
I was not myself at all \ How old was your friend?
A few years ago when my grandma was in hospice I spent every day with her. \ Wow,  you are so caring
I wanted to make sure she wasn't ever alone. \ Ohhh,  so how is she now? 
So i'll be going up for a promotion at work in a few weeks. \ That's exciting! I wish you the best of luck!
Thanks! Really hoping and believing i'll get it! \ It's already yours, hopefully! If not, that means there's something out there better for you.:)
I returned home from school one afternoon to news that my dog was run over by a car. \ I'm so sorry! You must've been so sad. Did you find out who did it?
Unfortunately not. I was so upset! Thankfully, my dog was okay - just needed some rest and a cast for a couple of months. \ Oh thank goodness! I hate hearing people losing their pets.
I am going on a trip with my best friend next month. \ That's awesome. Where to?
We are going to vegas! I cannot wait! \ I hope you have a splendid time! That might be great
5 \ What?
I recently got an A on my paper. I feel great. \ Congrats! I bet that feels great!
My son will be turning 2 in a few months, I am a little sad about it. \ That is bittersweet! What is his name?
Maddux \ That is a unique name, I have 3 sons myself.
As I was sleeping, my burglary alarm went off. It frightened me.  \ I would have been scared, too! Was it by fault or was someone attempting to break in?
I'm not sure, the motion censor is what was triggered so it could have potentially been a number of things.  \ Mine did that, too. We had to replace the motion sensor.
My home state was represented in the LLWS! \ thats great! what is llws?
Little League World Series \ that's great! my kids played baseball
I feel like my husband is the sweetest man in the world \ That is great! Hopefully he continues to be
I think he will. He puts up with me, and sometimes i can be a pill! \ Lol i'm sure you have to put up with him as well so its even
So, went for a jog around the block yesterday. I was quite pleased to find a couple of elderly women were checking me out! \ That is good stuff.  I bet that made you feel good!
It did! Something about old women thinking I am attractive gives me a huge confidence boost. Maybe it's because I love my grandma so much. \ You are so much fun!  Jogging gives off a pretty good feeling too!
It irritates me when my roommate doesn't clean up after himself \ I hate that too! Do you make him clean it up?
I say something and he just gets all grumbly and then it's uncomforatable. \ That's a tough situation to be in. I would just take all his belongings to the dump and be done with it. Maybe he can stay there too.
My parents just gave me the best birthday present ever. \ How exciting! What is it?
They paid off my car.  I have been trying to save for a house, but I wasn't going to buy one until my car was paid for.  It was going to be 4 years, but now I don't have to wait! \ Omg! That really is the best birthday present ever!
so I found a old ring that was passed down to me from my grandmother the other day. \ That must have been really exciting.  Did you think you had lost it?
Yes, It brought up so many memories.  \ Were you really close to her?
I didn't get the promotion at work that I applied for.  \ That's unfortunate. You will get the next one, I am sure.
I sure hope so, I worked really hard for this one. \ I bet your employer still knows how much you have put in
I went swimming recently. I lost my trunks walking out of the pool. \ That is embarrassing. I would hate to have that happen.
Yeah, we all have a good laugh about it now \ That is the best way to handle those situations.
My husband and I are taking the kids to see my family on Monday. I have been doing laundry and packing so we are ready to go. \ That sounds fun! Has it been a while since you seen your family?
I saw my sister about a month ago. We havent seen my parents since Christmas time.  \ I am glad you are getting to see them!
I really enjoyed caring for the patients in the emergency room at my previous job. \ Are you a nurse?
I am! \ That is awesome! My sister is a CNA now but in school to become a nurse. Have you worked in any other settings as a nurse?
Drinking a gallon of milk in a day wasn't a good idea \ Ouch! I can relate. What made you decide to drink a whole gallon in a day?
I wanted to see how hard it would be, turns out my stomach was JUST big enough \ Haha! I hope you experience no seriously ill effects!
My friend is having a baby. What do you think would be a nice gift for a newly expecting mother? \ A new mom? Good question, maybe offer to mow their lawn? I don't really know haha
Haha! That's pretty thoughtful, considering they'll be busy with baby stuff! Very creative! Lol. Thanks! \ Welcome, and yeah I always disliked mowing the lawn!
My life is great! \ I'm glad. You seem very happy
My wife and son are amazing \ I'm glad you have a great family!
My friend slept with a girl I like. I feel horrible now \ Sheesh that is brutal, did you smack him?
No, but I don't think he is my friend any more \ I don't blame you, that is low.
My best friend just moved to another state. \ Ah that is depressing! What state?
California. I am in Florida :( \ Wow that is a long move!
I hate when my wife and son are away from me \ I bet it gets lonely
No doubt, and there are too many crazy people in the world \ Yes there are. Can't trust anyone these days.
I am so happy with my life right now.  \ What is so great?
I have the best family around! \ Around town? or what?
My friend was struck by a meteor \ Was his name Joe Dirt?
Actually... yeah. You know him? \ I think I heard about them in the news.
I was so upset when I had to put my dog down last month \ Oh no. That's so sad. Was she sick for long?
Not really. She was old and we woke up one day and she could not use her back legs. It was very sad. \ I'm sorry. At least she had a good long life.
About a year ago I lost my grandmother to cancer. I was really close to her. \ I'm so sorry. I recently just lost both of my grandparents within a year. I know how you feel.
I'm sorry. It's really tough sometimes even thinking about it. \ It really is. Getting older is not fun.
I hate when people get too close to me standing in line \ Oh my gosh! Me too. It literally makes my skin crawl. 
Absolutely, a little space would be nice! \ I agree. I avoid going to stores during busy times because I just cant handle being around so many people.
My son threw a pillow at my daughter while she was eating some pasta. She had on a really cute outfit. Of course it is stained now. \ Oh no! Spaghetti sauce is so tough to get out
I know. I think i died a little inside when I saw her clothes. \ Lol i am sorry about that! hopefully you can get it out
It really bothers me when people stand right on top of me in line \ Me too. It is a huge pet peeve of mine.
Its not like they can go anywhere so back on up! \ Right? Get out of the way!
I lost my bottoms at the water park, while going down the slide. It was horrible. \ Was you way down yonder on the Chattahoochee?
I was not, I was at White Water. \ Hmmm... Not as interesting
I love being independent. \ Yea, you can do whatever you want.
The best thing is not having to explain anything to anyone. I love it \ That's for sure. How long have you had your independence?
Went to Hawaii for vacation. Kinda felt like it was a waste of money. \ Really? Why?
I felt bored the entire time I was there, and anything I did there could be done at home. \ I don't like vacations that make you feel like you are still at home. Where do you live?
I was at the doctors office waiting for the results of a blood test and I was a little scared \ Oh man I HATE waiting on test results! Gets my anxiety to extreme levels.
I was super anxious! Luckily there wasn't anything abnormal \ Well I'm glad to hear you have a clean bill of health!
I got an older car for my 16th birthday, but my best friend got a BRAND new BMW! Ugh, life is so unfair. \ Life is not fair for anybody
I guess you're right. I should just be happy that I got a car period. Some people don't even have cards. It's just hard not to be a little envious. \ Yeah, as long as you have a car you are better than most people
I worked really hard to get a promotion at work, but my coworker did instead. \ Sheesh that is terrible. I would have a hard time not leaving
I really enjoy my job, I was just looking for a better opportunity. \ Well hopefully something else will come up for you!
My boy is growing up so fast, its amazing the things that change daily \ That sure do, how old is your son?
He will be 2 in December! \ That is so exciting.. enjoy this time with him.
I am eating at my favorite restaurant next week! \ I love eating out at a restaurant with great food! Too bad it's too expensive to go every night!
I know that's right, so much more convenient than cooking. \ Yeah, I enjoy cooking but it can be so time consuming.
My neighbor shot my dog and nearly killed him yesterday! All because he pooped on his driveway. I get it, my dog should go somewhere else, but shooting him?! \ I would have shot back, that is uncalled for
I'm thinking about how I can ruin his life without getting caught. I'm so mad right now,. \ Maybe you should cut his brakes
I met a girl from South Korea who has been travelling the world by bicycle alone. She created a blog and has had people support her to continue travelling. \ That sounds really cool.  Is her Blog very popular?
I would assume so. I dont know how many people follow it, but shes made enough money to travel for I think 8 years. \ Oh my goodness!  That is so awesome.  I would love to be able to do something like that.
I have a friend that has become a millionaire from trading cryptocurrency. \ Thats one of my biggest regrets was not investing in it. Now the value has skyrocketed. 
Well they have plummeted back down so you can get in pretty cheap again, but it might not be a good idea at this point. \ I didnt know that. I guess not.
I went to a scary corn maze and I got spooked by one of the people in it! \ that is bad how did it happen 
It wasn't really bad, but a guy jumped out from around the corner. It was really funny afterwords \ what happened afterwards 
my son did a stupid this that let me ashamed \ What did he do
he assaulted a pastor of our church  \ Oh my! That is horrible!
Yesterday as i was jogging, an elderly man was checking his mail naked  \ Oh wow! I guess he didn't care!
No hair, no care...  \ That is the truth, no shame in his game.
I think I have everything ready for graduate school. \ Interesting... what are you going for?
Psychology! \ That is awesome, good luck
I was doing laundry last night and I saw a huge roach scuttle underneath the washing machine. I shrieked because I hate bugs! \ I do, too! I always make my husband kill them.
Roaches give me the creepie crawlies. I won't go back in there until I bomb the house. \ I don't blame you! Get them all!
I am going to actually propose to my "husband" soon. \ That is awesome. I hope he says yes!
I am sure he will, we have been together for what seems like forever. \ Well I wish both of you years of happiness together!
I don't like working with managers that try to micro-manage me \ Me neither, I hate it when they just wont leave you alone
Right, it kind of feels like they're insecure with their abilities while trying to make me feel bad at the same time \ Yes! I feel the same
I was at work and when I went to the bathroom, it got really busy and my coworker go overloaded! I feel really bad \ Probably didn't last too long when you got back though I'm guessing
I wasn't expecting it to get so busy so quick, I was gone around 5 minutes and we got slammed! \ It happens, I'm sure they don't blame you!
Sometimes after i eat, i trust a fart a little too much \ Does that mean what I think it means?  have you had a juicy flatulence experience? 
unfortunately all too often   \ I wonder if there is anything you can do about that.
I had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but I just lost it. \ Oh my that is horrible, i hope you find it!
I think it may have been stolen.  I was at the pool and took it off.  When I got done swimming it was gone. \ Man there are some crappy people in the world
Someone was stealing mail out of my mailbox. \ Did they get caught?
They did thankfully. It made me so mad. \ Did they take anything important?
The other day while my wife was asleep, i ate her leftovers \ What were the leftovers?
Shrimp with friend rice  \ I enjoy fried rice! I hope she wasn't too upset.
I once had people pass right by a little chihuahua on a hot day when they needed help \ Awwwww, poor little doggie. Did you end up helping the poor thing?
Yes! He was in front of a grocery store..so hot! and so many passed by and he was asking for help. He got a great home! \ That's good! Small dogs like that make excellent companions. Do you plan on keeping him?
So, last year my parents got me a shotgun for Christmas. I was so stoked! \ Wow, that's interesting. What do you do with it?
I take it up to my cabin in Michigan and hunt a bunch of small woodland critters! I like to think of myself as the hunter from Bambi. \ Oh no- Well I am the opposite. I rescue bambi and small critters :)
Teeth are weird, but also take a lot of upkeep which is sometimes irritating \ Always try to brush your teeth at least twice a day, it helps
Yeah that's what my dentist says, I'll try \ If you don't take care of your teeth then you will have a bad time later in life
I was at the store and I found a twenty dollar bill on the ground! I was so happy \ Nice, what did you do with it?
I kept it and it is still in my wallet as we speak \ Haha yeah I guess you can't really return it at that point
My son is turning two in a few months and I can't help but think about when he was born.  \ Any big plans? My son just turned 4. I've been nostalgic also.
Just a small birthday party with family and friends. \ That sounds fun! have you been looking at the old baby pictures?
a while back ago I found a tiny baby kitten and decided to take it in and bottle feed it \ That is a very nice thing to do! I am a big animal lover. 
Me too! I can't stand to see animals suffering. \ Me either. It breaks my heart. 
I am very satisfied with my life right now \ t
indeed i am in a good place \ I am so glad to hearit. What's going right in your life?
When I was trying to get pregnant a few years back, my 15 year old cousin accidentally got knocked up. \ Oh no, was you able to get pregnant?
Yes I finally did about 4 months later. \ Congrats! Are you still pregnant?
My girlfriend got me concert tickets to see my favorite band. I had no idea she did that for me. I thought the tickets were sold out. \ What band? That was very thoughtful or her. 
Phoenix. Yea she kept it a secret that she was able to get them when I failed. \ Awesome, I hope you have a great time at the concert. 
I am really hoping I get accepted into the school counseling program for grad school. \ Do you think you have a good shot?
I think so! I just have to be prepared for the interview. \ Is the interview soon? Good luck.
My grandfather gave me his pocket watch \ Wow, where did he get it from?
Kazakhstan, in 1948  \ That's awesome, glad he's able to hand it down to the next generation
I wake up with chills sometimes for no reason \ That is bizarre, have you had this seen about?
I think it's from dreams that I'm not able to recall \ That is odd, are you afraid when you wake up?
Someone broke into our new home, I couldn't believe it. \ Oh man that is so scary. Did they steal anything?
Luckily they did not. I am glad they didn't. It was just unreal. \ Were you in the house?
I felt a lot better in a bathing suit last time I wore one since I lost a little weight. \ That is awesome! I am happy for you!
Thank you, i feel better overall too. \ That is what is most important!
I really like to watch all  of the old tv shows that were on when I was a kid. I watch them with my kids sometimes. But they usually just make me feel really old when we do this. \ That's funny, it's like you can see your kids and see yourself experiencing it when you were a kid
Yeah. Im pretty sure they think I was born in the 50s or something though. They always say the shows are really really old. haha \ Right, it's hard to imagine there was a time before you when you're little
I wasn't able to reach my goals in the gym a couple days ago, and it helped me realize where I'm slacking off in other areas \ You sound a lot like my husband. He is really into going to the gym. Life isnt right if he doesnt get gym time.
Yeah, it's fun to see how much you can conquer yourself, and it's nice to be able to see how you're changing \ I agree. Its pretty cool to see the changes. I never really got into going to the gym though. 
I'm so glad my wife and son gets to stay home during the day \ That sounds nice! I'm sure they appreciate it a lot.
They do, it is great for my son \ I bet! Good bonding time. How old is your son?
so tomorrow is my first day at a new job and new career. \ Wow how exciting! what do you do?
I'm an office manager at a event hall. I think it is going to be fun but not sure if I'll be good at it. \ If you put forth the effort im sure you will
I recently went skydiving. It was a thrilling rush \ I have been skydiving, too! It was a fun experience.
It was excellent. I feel so alive! \ I lost my hearing for a few hours after though, but other than that it was a wonderful experience.
I worked really hard to get a promotion at work and I found out yesterday I didn't get it. \ I'm sorry. Your boss still knows about the great work you have put in, though
I think that she does! I will get it next time! \ Yes you will! That's a great attitude
I think I will have success in my life. I love life these days! \ That is great, did something recently happen?
I recently finished a new album I have been working on! \ Awesome! What type of music?
I was wearing white shorts the other night to dinner and over trusted a fart \ Wow that's actually hilarious. And very unfortunate
Extremely and i was going commando   \ Wow that's even funnier... But even more unfortunate
My friend's mom isn't doing too well. \ That's too bad to hear. What's wrong with her?
She fell suddenly, had to get surgery and now she hasn't woken up from it. \ That's incredibly awful. At least the surgery fixed the injury (I assume). Did the doctors say when she is going to wake up?
Last night, I did the most unfortunate thing. I ate three entire bags of Totinos 250 count pizza rolls. \ Think I've done that, too. No regrets, my friend.
At the time it seemed like a brilliant idea. But afters, I felt like a disgusting blob. God bless the Great and Noble Lord Totino. \ They are tasty sins.
so this one time in computer class i thought i had a silent fart but it was really loud and everyone heard it \ Oh, no. Was it deadly?
It was. So rank and so loud.  \ That is rough. I am glad you made it through.
I have a big test coming up and I am hoping I do good. \ Are you nervous? I'm sure you'll do great if you prepared.
I am a little nervous, I have been preparing? \ Good luck! I'm sure you'll ace it!
I'm excited to think of all the possibilities that are available to me at the moment \ What possibilities do you speak of?
Being able to learn basically anything with the internet for one \ That sounds pretty exciting.
I found some old rotten sweet potatoes hiding at the back of my refrigerator. \ I find myself not finishing potatoes either! They take so long to cook
but they're cheap. \ Right, taste good too
I have a great job that allows me to stay at home \ I could only dream of having that. That must be nice.
It is great. i am so thankful \ I wish my company would allow me to do that.
I was out with my guy friends last weekend. A girl approached me and wanted my number but I told her no because I have a girlfriend. \ That is faithful, you are a good dude
Yea I have a great girl. I have no reason to get with other girls. \ That is good, they are hard to find
I puked and passed out at the bar last night \ Oh, no! Were you alone?
Luckily no, my greatgrandmother was with me \ She must be a party animal.
Our home was broken into. \ Fluff that stinks, did you shoot em?
We weren't home! \ sheesh what a bummer!
I was at a scary maze and one of the people there actually scared me! It was super funny afterwords \ I do not like scary! I try to stay away from scary movies, too!
I dont either, but I wanted to go with my friends \ It sounds like you had a good time though.
I got a speeding ticket, but I couldn't even be mad because I was going too fast. \ How fast were you going?
80 in a 65. \ Wow, I got a ticket the other day going 70 in a 55. I was late for work
I like meditating because it puts things into perspective in a way that I don't usually expect \ I've never been much for meditating. I'm glad you enjoy it.
For sure, my mind is pretty energetic \ What got you into meditation?
I've got a first date in about an hour. \ Nice, hope you have fun!!
I hope I will.. I'm a little nervous.. typical first date stuff. \ I'm sure it'll go swimmingly
i have a very good feeling about the upcoming football season \ Why is that?
My team has a great roster \ Who is your team.
I am so thankful for everything in my life right now. \ That is good. what is going on with it?
I just have so much joy. \ That is good, i hope it stays that way
A friend of mine just got a new wrangler, i want one bad \ Ive been wanting a jeep for myself too! They are so cool
They are! I love them they are super nice \ I agree! They look cool and are fun to play in the mud with
I was at the store and I saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! It was amazing! \ Nice, must have been shopping with his wife.
I didn't see anyone with him, but he must be trying to prove something \ Macho man lol 
I've been processing what being lonely feels like, because I want to be able to have fun by myself sometimes \ I think that's a good idea so you aren't always dependent on others to have fun and just enjoy time to yourself.
True, and I've felt that way before, but sometimes like a wave of those kinds of feelings hits like I'm not worthy enough and stuff like that, but it's all good \ Meditation on goals and positive ideas during some of that alone time can be so uplifting and refocuses you.
Every time I tell my Mom about something my child did that is so neat to me, my sister-in-law chimes in about something her child did to top it. It drives me crazy. \ That's funny, likes it's an extension as who they are as a person
Yeah, I try to be understanding because she seems like she feels like she has something to prove when I'm all about not competing and having understanding for people's lives.  I have even said that in a nicer way and it doesn't get through to her. Its made being around her unbearable which is sad. \ I see, yeah sometimes you just gotta lead by example
I was at the store and I dropped my wallet. Luckily some old man picked it up and gave it back to me before I even noticed! \ Man that was super lucky, most people would have taken it
Yeah, its good to know there are still good people in this world \ Exactly, it doesnt happen very often 
I have a very good feeling about this football season for the Chargers \ Really? I dont watch much football
What sports do you enjoy? \ I like soccer
The weekend was so chill and quiet. Now my kids are back \ are they being loud and annoying like usual?
Yes. I think they have gotten even louder since they left Saturday. Geez. \ Ugh, well good think mine are still at summer camp.
Back in high school i ran the game club. My normal ride made left me early. \ What's game club
