We set up game consoles and just play video games for 2 hours. But i had to call my grandma to pick me up. \ Sounds like a fun club though. My school didn't have anything like that.
I lost my debit card and didnt have access to funds. My bank went out of their way to ship it first class back to me free of charge. \ that was very nice of them. you werent able to walk into an office and get it faster
I was out of the country. Forgot to mention. Luckily, I had some dollars for emergencies.  \ oh then that makes sense. good thing they were willing to help
i was looking through old boxes and came across a box full of baby stuff when my twins were super tiny \ Wow. Twins. How rare is it to have them?
i dont know about how rare it is. but my mom is a twin. my grandmother had two sets of twins. my cousin has twins and so do i \ Man. Thats very interesting. Were you at all surprised to have twins then?
I had a fantasy draft today, i researched alot for it \ I've never tried that, do you bet money on it?
Yep i do every year \ Nice, hope it goes well
I'm trying to get over my need to control things, and I find if I just let things happen it feels like a weights been pulled off my shoulders \ I used to struggle with the same problem, it can be overwhelming
Right, but things always seem to turn out for the best anyway \ I agree!!
My buddy got slammed last night at the bar \ Slammed as in he got really drunk, or slammed as in he got into a fight?
Drunk off his behind \ Its been a while since I've seen someone drunk
I was at the store and it was like I was the only one in there. I felt weird \ that is strange, i would have got out of there
I did, but I had to get some things before I left \ I would be a little spooked out by being alone
My dad told me he was going to give me a gift card to a steak house, but he never followed through. \ That stinks, did you go anyway?
No it was way too expensive. \ Yeah they are, but so good
I put in for a new job, i think i'll get it \ That is awesome.  Is it with the same company, or someone different?
it is the same company i work for, so more of a promotion \ I hope you get it!  When will you find out?
I grew up pretty skinny and now that I've grown some muscle I feel a lot more comfortable in my skin \ Grats.  How long have you been working out for?
around 9 months, been pretty slow to make progress but overall it's been solid \ Keep your diet clean and you'll keep improving.
I just saw a rattle snake in my back yard. \ Cool, what did you do about it?
I went to get a shovel to dispense some justice but he slithered away before I got back \ Little bugger, maybe next time
i saw a movie the other day, it wasnt as good as i was expecting \ Which movie did you see?
Joe Dirt 2, the first one was hilarious \ I watched parts of it too. I didnt think it was that great either.
My husband and I signed our kids up for a co-op this year. I really hope they enjoy it. \ what is co-op?
This co-op is for homeschoolers. Its one day a week where the kids go and learn with other homeschool kids.  \ Oh that is really neat! i hope they like it
i saw a guy smack his wife at the store, i was furious \ Did you do or say anything?
I did, i usually mind my own but that isn't right too me \ Sometimes you got to setp in and say something though when you know something is not right.
I called into work and told them I was sick, I felt bad afterwards cause it left them short handed. \ Were you legit sick?
No. I just did not feel like going to work. \ Lol that happens to the best of us, dont feel bad
My husband started working out only 3 months ago and can already do 90 push ups in a row! Its crazy amazing!  \ Wow that is impressive. Do you work with him?
I do workout with him. I have a lot of muscle problems so I can only do 20 wall push ups but its a far cry from where I started.  \ That is still not bad!
I am expecting a settlement i cant wait \ Nice!  Hope something horrible didn't happen to you just to get it.  You getting a lot?
it is supposed to be half a million, a sewage pipe busted over me while i was in a store \ Wow!  That seems worth it!!!!  Wish it had happened to me! ha ha.  Hope you're healthy still and congratulations!
I found a stray dog today and decided to rescue it. \ That is awesome! What breed?
I'm not sure she's a mutt of some sort. \ Oh ok that is very nice of you 
i had a dream i was taken hostage \ That's pretty scary.  Was it like a scene from taken?
Very similar, except i was stabbed \ That sounds pretty awful. no thanks.
I went to go get a snack from the kitchen. I looked all over but they were all gone. The kids ate them all. \ Oh, that is irritating sometime! That happens to me sometimes
It is irritating. I guess I need to hide just a few so that I can have a snack once in a while.  \ Lol. I am guilty of hiding a couple of snacks for myself at times, nothing wrong with that
My husband once let this guy come to our house so he could use his tools to fix his truck. \ How did that go? 
Not to well, this guy ended up stealing from us \ No way! I can not stand when people do shady things like that. We you able to get your stuff back? Did he get in trouble?
We did not get nothing back, my husband did not want to report it. He said obviously the guy needed it worse than he did! Which made me mad \ Yeah I would have been mad too. If he needed something he should have at least asked. Stealing is never okay.
I got a promotion at work which was unexpected! \ Well congratulations! What will you be doing at your new billet?
I will be managing a small team of software developers. It makes me a little nervous, but I think I can do it \ You managed to get a promotion, so you're obviously talented. I'm sure you will do just fine and earn many more promotions.
Yesterday, my brother committed the unforgivable crime of eating the last twinkie. \ Oh no, how dare he! Doesn't he know that is forbidden
It is! I was so jealous that I didn't get to even taste a single one. \ That's so sad :( Maybe he should buy you a substitute
I was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out! \ Wow that is odd, is there nothing you can do about it?
No!  They are going to have to be evicted basically.  It is outrageous!!!!! \ That is insane, i hope everything works out!
My wife was asleep and i ate her leftovers \ That sounds like a win!  Did she get mad?
she doesnt know yet... but she will be pissed \ This just happened?  Oh boy!  maybe you can replace it before she gets up.
i hit the lottery last week, i am financially set \ That's awesome. I hope you don't spend it all too quickly.
i have hired a consultant to help me with everything \ Make sure the consultant doesn't try to rip you off either haha.
I got a big chemistry exam coming up. I am so worried I will bomb it. \ I hated chemistry in school, i hope you do well
Yeah I just need to study more. Hopefully I can wrap my mind around the material. \ It is a difficult subject no doubt
I am going to go camping tomorrow! The back's already packed \ That sounds nice. Hopefully it isn't too hot for you.
I hope not. I'm in Florida so it might get bad \ Are you going to be sleeping in a tent?
The last time we went on vacation I made sure to overpack so we would have everything we needed. \ That's a good idea. Hopefully, you had enough room
Oh yeah, we have a large vehicle, it wasn't an issue. \ That's good news. I bet it was fun!
My husband has to work all night. He ordered pizza. I am kind of wishing I had some pizza right now. \ Mmm, pizza sounds good. What's keeping you from ordering pizza yourself? Why let him have all the fun?
I am not sure. I am thinking about ordering some. We will see.  \ Go for it! You'll only regret the pizzas you don't eat!
During my first year in grad school, my basement apartment flooded. EVERYTHING was destroyed and I had to start over fresh. \ That is awful! Did you have insurance to cover everything?
Thankfully, yes!! It took several months to replace everything that I could -- but even things, so many things I just simply couldn't replace.  \ Yeah that is horrible. I am sorry that happened to you. 
I got cut off in traffic the other day I almost wrecked. It ticked me off. \ Dang, traffic must be intense in your area
People are just crappy drivers everywhere. \ True, driving takes more focus than a lot of people can handle
My old house burned down, and I went to check it out, was surreal taking a look around the place \ That's just so sad. House fires are terrifying to me.
Yeah, it was built a long time ago, some kind of electrical fire \ The wiring was probably old and not up to code anymore.
I have to make a birthday cake later tonight. \ who's birthday is it?
My nephew's.  I am worried I might mess it up. \ don't worry
I was really hungry today and ate my roomates' leftovers. \ Do you feel bad about it?
yes. A lot.. \ You should make it up to that person.
I was cleaning my garage and a huge spider crawled on to me! I am super scared of spiders! \ Oh I do not like spiders either!  What did you do?
I basically screamed like a little girl and jumped! \ I'd probably have done the exact same thing - then called for my husband or one of my daughters to kill it!!
Our little chihuahua was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease when she was just a puppy. \ Oh no!  Were you able to take care of him with medicine or treatments?
Yes, for about 6 years.  Then she got pancreatitis and kinda went downhill from there.  We just lost her in February. \ I'm so sorry!  I know how hard it is to lose a pet!  I hope you are not sad for too long.  It sounds like you did everything you could to give it a great life. 
I have such a great family \ That's good to hear, one of the best advantages you can have in life
No doubt, it makes life so much easier \ And they're all you got in the end!
I was truly surprised when I notice my tire got hit by a rock, thought I wouldn't make it to the tire place in time \ did it go flat?
It did not, got it replaced when I dropped it off, pretty lucky \ that is very fortunate!
Last night a shadowy figure was at my window. \ Whoa, did you find out what it was?
I have no clue.  I was so scared to see it! \ I dont blame you, i would have been terrified 
i hate being the only person at the bar, even if it is 10 a.m. \ It can be boring to drink at the bar by yourself.
indeed, i usually bring a pet with me to help ease the loneliness  \ That must be a cool bar to let pets in.
I decided to do some deep cleaning. I was going to get rid of some stuff and could not bring myself to throw it away \ I have a problem getting rid of things too. Sometimes you just have to throw it away, or donate it.
Yes! Very true, or you just end up with a bunch of clutter, and I do not like clutter \ Just leave the house and have someone trash it for you.
That is a great idea \ Glad I could help.
One of coworkers passed away. I dont want to go back to work. \ Oh no. I am so sorry to hear that. Were you close with this coworker?
Yes, we were good friends.  \ Than I completely understand that would be so hard
Yes. I was out of the state when it happened. I missed the funeral. \ That would even make it worse. Did it happen all of a sudden?
Yes. It was very shocking. \ I am so sorry for the loss. Good friends are so hard to come by
Found someone's scarf the other day and returned it to her. She completely bawled. \ that was nice of you
It was just a scarf. Didn't think it would have such value for her. \ it could have been sentimental. like a gift from someone special
I was using the bathroom on a train in rome. I didnt lock the door properly and a woman walked in on me. She laughed. \ Wow. How'd that go?
Not good. I stayed in the bathroom and got off at the next stop. \ That must've been embarassing. Happens to us all.
My friends 3 year old is able to ride a skateboard with ease! I was amazed at his skill! \ Nice, it's like little kids can learn anything!
Yeah, I just couldn't get over how well he was able to balance! \ That's awesome, hope he goes far
There was a cat who had string stuck around it so I had to help \ That is really nice of you!  Is the cat OK now?
Yeah, everything turned out fine in the end \ That's good.  If not for you, who knows what could have happened.  You must be a very caring individual.
I saw a ghost following me the other night. I was walking home and it kept moving towards me. \ Oh gosh! are you ok?
Yeah I couldn't sleep the whole night. I kept seeing it outside my window. I had to call the Ghostbusters. \ Haha thats a good name. Were you able to see it vividly?
My friend punched me! \ Ouch what a jerk. Why did he do that?
he was drunk \ Oh I hope you punched him back.
my favorite pair of shorts are ruined, thanks to an overtrusted fart \ Oh no! Was you at least at home when that happened?
nope at a bar mitzvah \ I bet that was embarrassing. Was you drunk?
My dad got sick when I was 13 and he ended up passing away because of it. \ Im so sorry, i can not immagine that
It was a horrible. He was on life support for over 24 hours \ That is terrible
I am in charge of booking meeting rooms for outside companies at my job. Last week, I made a big mistake and accidentally gave a group a room for free when they should've paid $100. \ Oh no! I hope you didn't get into too much trouble by doing so!
Thankfully, not too much! I was simply mortified because this was one of my main responsibilities and I managed to mess that one up so badly! \ To be fair, everybody makes mistakes and it's bound to happen even to the best of us!
My brother and his friends invited me to a party tonight. \ Sounds like that could be fun if you like your brother and if you like parties. Do you want to go?
I just came back from it! I'm actually still a little intoxicated. I must say it was a lot of fun, we celebrated my birthday and I felt very loved and happy. \ Happy Birthday! I'm glad you were able to have fun and be surrounded by those that love you.
I found my old play toy the other day. It made me feel like i missed the old days. \ I can agree with that, adulting sucks
Haha adulting is a funny word. yes those old days were the best. \ i miss them as well
i hate when the person behind me in ine is so close \ What do you mean?
like standing all in my space \ Oh they're in your bubble. that stinks, some people are weird like that, no bounderies.
My dog of 10 years recently passed away. \ I truly do feel bad that you have to endure that. My girlfriend and I were just talking about how horrible she's going to feel when she loses her Havanese pup at some point in the distant future, since she's so close to her. I hope you can grieve the loss of your great friend in a healthy way.
Thank you very much. Yes, it's always really hard to lose a pet you are so close to. My finacee is urging me to get another puppy to help the feeling pass. \ I can appreciate why they'd say that. They just want you to feel better. But it's all about to how you're feeling. You'll know in your gut when to get another pet, if you ever want to get another one. It's important to take the time to reflect on your lost relationship.
Spent a lot of my saturday organizing and cleaning my room. There's no better feeling that knowing you accomplished an errand you were supposed to do, and getting to enjoy clean space after your hard work. \ That's wonderful! You're right, it is so rewarding to stand back and see everything clean once you are done.
Yeah, it's kind of a shame my roommate isn't the cleanest. So, when I bother to clean the other areas of the apartment, it kind of goes to waste. But at least I can kind of keep up my own little domain and use it as a retreat from the rest of the place. \ Right, that's something you can at least have full control over. Your own humble abode.
I was mad last week when my landlord was taking their time fixing my ac. It was so hot \ Was your landlord truly trying their best, or did they simply not care about your well-being at that time?
I do not think they cared \ I'm so sorry to hear that. Some people are just cruel to others that are not within their social circle.
I drank a lot and told my girlfriend that I would definitely sleep with her best friend if she was down to do so. \ What was her reaction to that
She was a little sad and surprised, but we had been talking about threesomes for a long time now so she understood. Regardless, I felt very ashamed the next day. \ I am sure she will forgive you
My roommate always pees all over the toilet seat. \ ugh. People like that are gross.
I know right? At least clean it off if you miss the mark. Makes me so mad. \ I know right. Some people are too lazy.
I amde enough money lately that i feel comfortable and ready to take on anything! \ Wow I envy you. That sounds like a wonderful feeling!
You will get there too! I just know my future will hold good things. \ Thank you! I hope to feel that content someday!
My husband and I have been watching TV together each night--once the baby is asleep, of course. \ That sounds like some nice relaxing quality time
It really is! it's the only time in the day that we're guaranteed to have some time together, just us.  \ Have you ever passed out together watching tv?
Not yet - but I'm sure it'll happen at some point! \ How old is your baby?
8 months old - but by looking at him, you'd think he was a two-year-old. Thanks for asking! \ And how long have you been married?
Just go back from walking the dog, he was a perfect angel on the leash \ I didn't think that was possible for a dog on a walk! What kind of dog do you have?
Half bulldog and half german shepherd. He's just a puppy. That why a nice walk is so relaxing. He's usually a going concern. \ That's quite the mix! What's his name?
I love having my kitty snuggling up to me.  I feel so loved! \ Funny you say that... my roommate just got a cat about a month ago. I was hesitant to agree to share the apartment with it, as I'm not the most fond of them. But I didn't want to say no. It's actually been an affectionate cat so far.
Cats will make you love animals!   They can be so affectionate.   \ I suppose so. I've never gravitated towards them. They seem like they only have one personality, and they're either nice or mean, and never warm up to you over time. So, I was a little wary of that.
Been making a lot of money off of my hobby lately. I think this thing might take off and I can quit my day job... I had no idea that would happen, or that people would enjoy my work enough to do that. \ What kind of hobby do you have?
So, I make boats. It's a little time consuming, but I've loved woodworking, and my dad was a sailor, so I've been around boats all my life. I decided to combine the two. I figured when I made them, I might as well sell them, since I only have use of so many of them. Well... it's turned into quite the money-maker. \ That is awesome!  What kind of boats do you make?
I walked my dog outside, and she still pooped in the house! Ugh. \ I am familiar with that.  That is frustrating.
Yeah...Even though I take her outside, 10 minutes later, she'll poop or pee in the house. Why!? \ I ask myself the same thing.  Sometimes I think they get mad at something we do.
I am in awe when people turn their live's around for the better \ Me too! I helped a guy with his immigration case and saved him from being deported. He ended up becoming a pastor.
that is amazing and inspiring! \ He deserved it. He was fighting for his life.
A man slapped his wife today at the store, i didnt take too kindly too it \ That sounds like an ugly scene...did anybody step in
i did, i head butted him in the nose to give him a taste of his medicince \ For real? haha good job!
I used to have no sense of purpose in my life, total deadbeat loser....now I've taken the reigns and am in full control. Pretty amazing how far I've come \ That is awesome! i am happy for you!
Thanks.  So many people bitch and moan about how hard they have it...but few do anything about it glad I finally grew out of that phase \ i agree totally, it takes a strong person to admit they are like that
My friend is having troubles. I don't know what to do as far as helping him. \ What kind of trouble is he having right now?
A drug problem. It has been going on for years. \ Oh no. That is no good! It is hard to sit back and watch someone have a drug problem
My friends dad past away, it was hard on her and the rest of her family. I ended up putting together one of them food trains to help them out \ Good job. That can be really tough to go through that.
Yes it sure can. It was rough for them \ You are a good friend though. I wish i had more friends like you.
I had to cancel on a friend tonight. I felt bad about it but I was so tired \ They'll understand, sometimes it's better not to overextend yourself
I hope so \ Better to rest so you can do everything you want tomorrow!
I feel like deepening my connection to God is the most important thing in my life \ I think that is a lovely thing
It's like if I don't get that sorted out I won't be able to live a fulfilling life \ If its important, you will figure it out
it is a great honor to live in the USA \ Yes, I love it here. It is the greatest country in the world.
No doubt, everyone who doesnt like it can kick rocks \ That is how I feel about it. I love my country.
My wife and I found the perfect house for sale and we excited to put a bid in on it. \ that is exciting! will it be your first house?
Well it would have been, but someone got a bid in before us and it ended up being sold. My wife was so sad. \ that is no good! hopefully yall will find a better one
Im so upset me sister gets to stay out as late as she wants but i have to be in at 8 PM its not fair \ Dear lord, how old are you?
Does it really matter? I mean I feel like they have always played favorites. \ I was joking. I havent a curfew since I was 17. Im an only child so wouldnt know much about favorites.
I was staying at a hostel and forgot to lock my backpack. I woke up the next day with money missing. \ O no did you report it to the hospital
Hostel. Theyre not responsible for lost items. \ That is not ok I would make go to a higher up
I let my friend watch my dog last weekend. \ You must really trust your friend! How did that turn out?
It was good, he (the dog) seemed really happy when I got back. He said that he let my dog out a bunch and even took him to the park! \ Good to hear that it went so well. Do you think you'll let your friend watch him again?
I once almost ruined my husband's master's thesis presentation--something he needed to pass to get his degree. \ Oh no, what did you do?
I started coughing--badly. He and everyone else stopped to look at me and make sure I was okay. He was so distracted after that! \ Don't worry, from what you said it doesn't sound like you almost ruined it. It wasn't something on purpose at least.
I'm really looking forward to starting my new semester next week. \ You want to start school back up?  What are you going for?
I'm getting a masters in education. Yeah, I feel like summer break has been good but it's time to get back on it. \ I bet that is a lot of work!  Do you already teach?
My dogs are like my children to me and I can't stand when they are outside to long! \ Oh yes! I know your feeling. I see my dog as a child as well.
Its weird how much love you can have for something that can't even talk to you and not even the same species but I love my doggies so much. \ Right! It's like some kind of spiritual bond I think. It's a wonderful love to have!
When I found out my brother was moving when I was younger, it really hurt me. I was going to miss him \ That's touching, how is it these days?
We live closer now, but I hated it when he moved \ Right, change is often difficuly
When I can't take a breather in the day I feel suffocated \ Yea, its a good idea to take time for yourself when you can
Right, it's like I can't focus or relax \ I think relaxing is very important
My girlfriend enjoys going out with her friends for lady night once a month. I dont mind since I know she wont do anything stupid. \ Yeah I see no harm in that
Some people get really jealous but I have no reason to be. \ Yeah i know i dont get why people are that way
i had a interview last week! i think im getting the promotion at work \ That would be great. Good luck.
Yeah im really excited for the results1 \ I really hope you get it. Just stay confident.
We put an offer down on a house that I really want. \ Congratulations! I'm so happy to hear that. You must be really excited!
Yeah I think there's a reallly good chance they accept our offer of 27 million! \ Holy moly ravioli. 27 million? You are rolling in the money.
I was expecting a surprise birthday party today. \ Lol that makes a lot of sense?
Yeah I had a few hints. My expectations were somewhat true; my brother's friend celebrated not only my birthday party, but two other birthdays today. It was wonderful! \ well that sounds fun!
My friend hasnt been feeling well lately. \ That's too bad. What seems to be wrong with him?
His heart has been beating real fast lately. \ Doesn't sound good at all. Has anyone taken him to get it checked out?
Last night was quite a low point in my life. I ordered 12 Big Mac's from the drive thru of McDonalds. \ Big Mac's are heaven in your mouth.
They are, but I felt so ashamed. Not because I ate so much, but because I didn't order enough. \ I mean you can still go back for more after this. Don't give up, bro.
My son was prett slow to start speaking. \ /Did you get him a teacher?
I took him to get evaluatd and we are waiting for a spot to open at school. I practiced at home with him non stop though and now he won't shut up. I'm so proud of him \ I would be proud of him also.
I was surprised when Trump won the election. \ You? I thought I was dreaming
Yes, Big upset. \ Well, no use crying over silled milk I say.
This week, my manager told me bad comments about my work performance. It made me feel bad. \ that isnt good, were they true?
No, there were not. The project is not making progress as expected mainly because he is bad manager. He is trying to find excuses. \ That is terrible, is there someone above him you can go to?
It's almost time for NFL! \ Are you going to watch?
Oh yeah i love football, do you? \ No, I am not a big fan. Which team do you like?
When I was in elementary school I was envious of the kids who were popular! \ Yeah as a child it's hard to see other kids with a bunch of friends when you don't have that many.
Yeah, I just had trouble socializing is all \ Well, I hope you got over that issue and ended up making lots of friends yourself.
Last week while my wife were out for dinner at a restaurant, I got up to use the restroom and walked by the kitchen. I saw a cook pick up a piece of chicken off the floor and put it back on someone's plate. \ Haha caught red handed!
We proceeded to leave the restaurant, but not after informing the manager, very loudly, about the incident.  \ Yeah, I wonder what their bathrooms are like if that's their service
My brother was hurt the other day and i felt so bad. \ How did he get hurt?
He fell down and busted his head open. My life kind of changed. I felt so much care for him. \ That happened to me a few weeks ago. I was severely dehydrated and I fainted. I hit the ground hard.
Oh no! Are you OK? \ I am now. Had to get stitched up.
I was on a train in Sri Lanka. I asked the passengers if I was at the right stop. They told me no. Turns out I was at the right place. \ Oh dang. Do you think it was intentional?
I dont think they understood what I was asking. \ Oh that stinks. I bet you were pretty mad?
I stole money from my daughter's piggy bank and now she's wondering where her money went \ Oh no, what did you buy?
I bought a few beers. I feel terribly guilty about it now.  \ Was it at least Budweiser?
I came home to my back door being kicked in \ Sorry to hear that. Do you think it was an intruder or just some prankster? 
Intruder they went through all of my stuff \ Did they take your television? 
I feel bad when I do not make it to church. I know I should be there \ What stops you from going? Being busy with life, or just deep down you just do not want to go
I get busy or oversleep sometimes \ Sometimes life does have away with getting away from us
I sometimes catch myself looking at my husband and kids and thinking to myself that my life is good. \ Life is good when its like that
It really is, and sometimes it is things like that, that people take for granted \ Cherish those moments
I hope I do well when I start school soon, I can't help but think it will be too hard. \ Don't worry about it you will do fine. Kindergarten isn't too hard. Just don't eat the glue.
Lmao. It's actually my junior year of mech engineering. \ Oh I see. My mistake. I was wondering how you could type and spell so well for a 6 year old. Well good luck in college!
My kids got a ton of Halloween candy last year. Didn't think they would notice if I ate just a few of them. \ I don't blame you, I would have eaten some. Did they notice?
Not at first but I kept eating them and they caught me red-handed one day. I felt so bad I had to go buy them more. \ What type of candy was it? I like Sour Patch and chocolates.
Mostly chocolate which is what I am addicted to. \ Good taste in candy! I love Reeses cups and Hershey bars. Did you eat any of those?
I am going to be happy next weekend. I am going on a nice little trip \ Where are you going?
To asheville north carolina \ What the heck is there?
I finally got my BA. I am so happy to be done with college? \ School can be al ot of work
And it takes 4 years or more. Im still debating grad school. \ I say go for it
When I do things that are challenging I feel more self-reliant. I recently tried taking an ice bath \ Oh man! thats impressive, those baths are rough.
Yeah, my bath wasn't deep enough, so I didn't get covered all the way! \ That's good. But still! You must be pretty tough!
I am plannin gon asking this girl out and i am so nervous. \ I'm sure she'll be flattered if you're honest about how you're feeling!
Thanks! I think she knows but i have been shy for some reason. Im not the best at it. \ I see, I hope it goes well for you!
I have hope that the world will get better. \ what do you mean i think it is pretty good right now
there are too many bad people in the world, i hope the good overcomes the bad \ Yeah it always foes in the end
my grandma was rushed to the hospital im not sure what is going on \ That is terrible, i hope everything is ok
me too but we are not expecting good news \ I am so sorry to hear that!
My husband's been searching for a professional job but can't seem to land one after interviewing. \ Did he try to get another diploma in this profession area?
Well, he has a masters degree and graduate certificate already. He's had a fourth interview for a position last Thursday -- so we are hoping this one will finally be the one! \ That is a good news. I hope he get it.
There is a coworker sitting next to me that he is making noise with his pen the whole day long. It is disturbing me from my work. \ That's got to be annoying! Have you tried telling him to stop?
I already told him but he said he can't concentrate without having something in his hands. \ Maybe he should take up knitting--or something else that would be a bit more quiet.
What did you buy for Black Friday? \ I stayed at home - I hate trying to fight over that 50% off pack of pencils at Staples. What did you do?
Lol, I went to best buy to buy a surround sound system, echo dots and smart lighting bulbs. \ Sounds like a swell purchase. Have you taught Big Brother Alexa to say any mischievous phrases?
Last night was an incredibly low point in my life. I went dumpster diving for food at my local Burger King.  \ I'm sorry to hear that, what led you to this?
I've been in massive debt since I lost two million dollars to a Nigerian Prince. Figures that email was too good to be true. \ Yea, you need to stay away from those, especially if you don't know who they are, your email should be able to block stuff like that, look in the settings.
I was on the bus the other day and saw the grossest thing. \ what was it?
Someone left something and it started molding and was growing so much. \ Ah that is disgusting!
There is a bunch of crime near me right now, i hope the police can get it taken care of \ Same here. Are you living on a street where it is normal, as far as crime?
Not usually, just all of the sudden \ Dang that is pretty scary though.
Last month my son had to have surgery to have his tonsils removed. \ Surgery on my kids always scares me but I have heard that it is best to have them taken out while they are young
Yeah, I was terrified. I just wandering around the waiting room the entire time till they came and told me everything went fine. Seemed like it took days. \ I understand, when it comes to our kids and being worried about them it feels like time stand still
There was this one time years ago that we threw a party and I got so drunk, I do not remember anything! You know it is bad when you have people telling you what all you did and you can not remember any of it \ Yeah, when I was younger I did some of that stuff as well. It's a really embarrassing thing to hear stories about things you did that you don't remember doing.
Tell me about it, nothing like having someone tell you that you strpped down and jumped into the pool while everyone was still there. Glad those days are behind me \ Well if you have never gotten blind drunk and strip naked, you haven't lived.
I live in an area with a lot of cottage properties. It blows me away some of the toys people have \ Oooh like what kind of toys?
Boats, ATVs and jet-skis. Oh, motor homes too. I have a  canoe lol \ Wow that sounds like fun.I love canoeing!
Isn't it nice when people bring you food, when you've had a long day? \ Oh for sure. I hate having to cook and do dishes after a long hard day
Exactly! My boyfriend brought me dinner the other night. I had no groceries and just didn't feel like going out after a long stressful day. I was so thankful. \ Were at work today or doing something else?
I'm eating a lot of food to make sure I can lift more weight in the gym next time! \ Are you taking protein?
I'm taking everything, honey, raw garlic, yogurt, EVERYTHING! \ That is good, hopefully it helps!
There is so much crime near me its getting ridiculous  \ You ever think about moving?
We are hoping too soon! \ Hope everything works out for you!
I care for my girlfriend a lot, we are very close \ Aww, how long have you been together?
We have been together for almost 3 years now \ That's amazing, keep up the good work!
I stole from my friend and i feel pretty bad about it. \ Why did you steal stuff?
I needed shrimp for a recipe and he had some. \ Oh, that is rude, did you pay him back?
I got approved for a scholarship for college that I had been competing for for many months! \ Nice! I wish I was more active in searching for scholarships like it sounds like you are. But this one sounds like it was a lot of hard work to earn. I haven't been the smartest about lightening the student loan debt burden while in school. Good on you for looking ahead.
I agree, I wanted to attend a higher ranking school but they didn't give me any scholarship so I decided not to accept their offer.  \ Sometimes compromises have to be made. But I have to say, I'm impressed that you were that self-aware about the entire process, especially as a somewhat new adult. Good for you for considering all the options and making the choice you felt was best. You sound like you'll be successful after college, especially because of how hard-working you are.
This sounds weird, but I'm excited because I'll have some free time tomorrow to do some deep cleaning on my apartment. It's been messy since I've been gone most of the summer. I want to get it clean before school starts so I can enjoy it being fresh during the semester \ Nothing like a deep clean to breathe new life into your home! Its a great idea to get it out of the way now so it won't me on your mind once things start to get busy. 
Yeah, I'm the type of person to get stressed out and become unable to work in an environment that's too cluttered or dirty. It starts to make me feel claustrophobic. I have a good gene I guess, because cleaning relaxes me, while to others it's like a chore. \ I completely understand that. Its a good quality to have and is actually healthier in the long run if you keep your surroundings clean.
When I came home from work yesterday, the front door was open and the lock broken. \ Someone broke in?
Looks like it. I was so afraid that I instantly called the police and went to my neighbors house until they arrived.  \ Good thinking.  Sounds like you should get yourself a new house
I hate parents that censor every TV show, movie, video game, or song on the radio. Of course it's one thing to let a 5-year-old watch "Silence of the Lambs"; but do you really expect to raise the next Einstein by blinding him to the real world? By the time he's 13 he or she's gonna have some serious repression issues and grow up to be a weirdo \ I agree, such helicopter parents exercise far too much control on their kids, doing more harm than good in the long run.
Yes I'm glad you see it that way.  Which is why I think despite all the shortcomings Millenials have we're probably going to be the best generation of parents in history lol \ I completely agree. Unfortunately we also have to clean up the mess made by our parent generation.. you know like climate change exists! 
My brother won a championship in karate. I am so happy for him! \ What kind of belt does he have?
he is already black. \ Heh. Thats really cool. I need to take self defense classes.
I will be taking a trip to SE Asia next week. I cant wait. \ Oh man i am jealous. Are you going with anyone?
Just me. I fly to Hanoi on the 1st. \ Dang are you scared at all? As far as doing it yourself?
I ate my husbands leftovers while he was asleep \ Did you tell him he ate it in his sleep
Nope he hasnt checked yet \ I hope it tasted good!
I don't like scammy sales people, nothing good comes from it \ I agree, were you recently screwed by one?
Yeah, it's like they live to manipulate people for money \ Yep its disgusting
I am nervous about monday. I have to go to the doctor again \ Why are you having to go again?
I am still coughing a lot \ Probably from the crazy weather change. I hope they figure out what is causing the cough
My son started getting into a little bit of trouble and got kicked out of summer school on the first day, so he decided to sign up for a youth chalenge program \ Oh no. Well I hope that makes him better
He has been there for 5 weeks, I got to see him for the first time last Saturday. With him being gone I find myself anxious with him not being able to call home or come home \ I am sure he will be fine
At work, I am often the only employee in my building. \ Why is that?
It's a small company and the other folks in my department just work part time.  \ Oh wow, you must have a lot of responsibility there!
I got a new puppy recently. I had been looking forward to it for so long! \ That sounds fun! You must be really happy about it. 
I am! He is a toy poodle and he's got the cutest personality. \ Awww... how long have you had him?
I've recently been on a weight loss program.  I've done very well.  I've lost 30 lbs! \ I am happy for you. Just keep going
Yes, but because of this, my pants have been loose.  The other day, my hands were full carrying boxes.  My pants fell down to my ankles while I was walking!!! \ That is a good thing ha
I am really happy with my tattoo artist. He is not charging me a lot for great work \ That's great.  I don't have any tattoos myself, but a lot of people I know do.  And it seems expensive.  So I'm glad he's not charging you much. 
They can be very expensive \ It seems that a decent one is several hundred dollars.  I just don't have that kind of money.
My mom said she'd go to the doctor the next time she started feeling weird heart palpitations again. I'm about a thousand miles away from her, so I can't force her to go. But I'm worried about her, as she's always avoided the doctor, and always been in poor health. Hope she does the right thing \ I hope so, too. Heart conditions can be scary! Do you have anyone closer to her that could check in?
Sort of.. we have a neighbor that's been by her for 10 years, and they've been friends for a long time. But she's older herself, and has her own worries, so it's not like I can put more on her plate. My mother is just stubborn. I love her to death, but she's kind of a "What will be, will be" type person, and just assumes life will happen and you can, nor should, do anything to get in the way of it. \ I know quite a few people that live their lives that way. I can see some of the reasons why a person would think that -- but it's still difficult when it comes to the health of someone you love.
My little sister has been going all across the country this summer, spending lots of time on money on pop concert after pop concert. \ Interesting. How do you feel about it? Do you find it fun and interesting, or wish she were more responsible with her money?
Mostly I'm a bit frustrated that she's got so much money to blow on these concerts! And to travel all across the country! \ Yeah, I can understand that. Sometimes when you're not in a position to enjoy yourself because you're busy being tied down with responsibilities, it's easy to get mad at others. Whatever you can do to spin it positively, I would suggest that. Being negative about it will only make everyone's lives worse.
I've gotten some bad publicity in the past. \ What is deserved or undeserved? 
Undeserved, buy I'm the only one that thought so. \ I see, dont worry though. Nowadays everyone finds an excuse to grab their pitchfork and point it at someone.   
My car engine start smoking but my mechanic arrived and fixed my car within an hour! \ That's good timing at least. Glad it didn't take too long.
I agree I was thoroughly impressed by his expertise. I was glad to be back on the road so quickly.  \ What ended up being the problem ?
I've been long distance with my girlfriend for about 6 years, mainly because I've been in university for a while. But I graduate this spring, and I'm going to propose to her after the ceremony. She's been patient this entire time, and hopefully it will all pay off. \ She sounds like a great girl. I am sure it will you sound like a happy couple.
I hope so. I owe a lot to her. She motivated me to get off of my behind and make something of myself and go to school. Before her, I was just an unproductive man-child, playing games at my parent's house. Now I've moved out, work part-time while going to school.. It's time to pay her back. \ Hell yea you sound like a genuine guy/girl. You know what is important, you will do fine.
My uncle is going to come after me. I didn't graduate. \ Why would your uncle be upset? And how do you feel about the situation? It sounds like there's a lot to unpack there.
You are right but my unle is a simple man and he gave me a warning about me not graduating. \ I see. Well, what's most important is your reaction and feelings around the situation, and what you plan to do about it. The only one that can affect the outcome is you. It's disappointing to deal with your uncle's negativity, but you can't let it distract you from moving in a positive direction.
I am pretty happy with my life right now, it is going pretty well overall \ That's great when life just feels right
It sure is, I hope things stay like this for a long time! \ I hope they do too! I'm happy for you
I went to lunch the other day with my kids. My daughter needed help opening her dipping sauce and of course I did.... \ That is sweet of you, kids are cute
They are but when I finally got it open it sprayed me from my waste all the way to my hair!  \ Oh that is not good, I hope you were able to clean it up easily...
Listening to old artists like they Might Be Giants is my jam \ Wow I haven't thought of them in years.  Sometimes it is good to have bands you can always go back to
Haha, I didn't grow up with them but it's like discovering a gold mine that no one else seems to listen to \ True.  I have favorite bands to that I consider to be musical comfort food
I was going through my attic and found some of my old childhood toys \ You must be feeling nostalgic, maybe your kids will enjoy them
You are right and I am really looking back fondly on some times in the past \ Right, it's amazing how one thing can bring back so many memories
During this past spring during a bad storm, we had a tornado touch down in my neighbors yard. \ Oh my gosh!  That had to be super scary!
It sounded like a train going by the house from the basement. Thankfully no one was hurt. \ Yeah, thank god you are safe.  I don't know what I would have done if that happened to me.
My dad knew I was having some financial difficulties and decided to pay off my car loan! I am so appreciative to him! \ Wow, that was super nice of him. You are lucky to have such a great dad.
I really am!  I will do whatever I can to repay the kindness! \ That is a really great thing to hear. I hope you can find some way to pay back his kindness.
I clogged the toilet at work yesterday. I had to take a huge dump and there was nothing to do about it. The toilet couldn't handle it. I couldn't fix it, either. So, I just quietly whisked away. I feel bad for the janitor that has to deal with it \ yeah but that is his ob
That's true. But I wish there was something I could have done to make it easier on him. I've always had random small talk with him, and he's the nicest person. I just feel like a gross slob. \ yeah im not sure i could every take that job
i was at a rangers game and this guy attacked a kid over the shirt he was wearing \ That sounds like an uncomfortable situation. What ended up happening? I kind of avoid large crowds and sports events because of this, since there's usually alcohol involved.
yeah it just made me upset so i had a argument with him \ Oh, so you got involved? Were you trying to protect the kid? If so, I can understand that, and that's noble. Hopefully nothing too negative came from the situation.
When my husband and I first got together he use to talk to his ex girlfriend all the time cause she was with one of his friends. I despised that woman \ Yikes, that's very disrespectful. I hope you told him how you feel about that.
I did, he said she did not mean anything to him and stopped going over to his friends house  \ That's good, at least he learned from that. I hope you guys are going strong now!
Last week I stole a donut from my boyfriend's desk, I was really hungry \ Did your boyfriend notice?
Haha yes, he wondered where it went. I told him the dog ate it. \ Lol. Sometimes we got to do what we gotta do
It was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. \ Did he! You lucky dog!
well yeah but it was only a mercedes, I thought he was gonna get me a lamborghini... \ Well dang that is awesome man, hopefully you can save up for your own lambo.
My mom is the best. my mom gave me the benefit of the doubt when i got a DUI. \ Were you actually under the influence?
Yes, i thought she would disown me but she ended up supporting me. \ Well that's great of her, we've all done stuff.
Hello, I felt trusting only a few times in life, the first time was then i began to date a new girl. I trusted she had changed from her past relationship. \ Why didnt it work out?
Our relationship did work, but she had a shady past with drug usage etc. We are still together and she actualy did change \ Oh well that's good.
School is about to start. I can't wait \ Are you attending post secondary?
Im in college. My kids are goin back too \ That's awesome! What are you and your kids taking?
I don't like joining it when people talk about someone that's not there, just like what happened yesterday. \ Yep I thinks its disrespectful and petty. What happened? 
He was talking about my other friend who is a bit annoying sometimes. While I may agree I just don't like talking behind someones back. \ Thats good. I am amazed by people who think its okay to do that. 
My friends went on vacation without me, and now I have no one to hang out with for 3 weeks.  \ That sucks, I'm sorry to hear it. Did they at least ask you first?
Yes but I couldn't go because of work. Guess I will have to suck it up and be lonely for a while. \ At least they asked you, that's good. It will pass in no time and you'll be hanging soon I'm sure,
I let my guard down around my best friend and she told all my secrets away \ Dang, I guess she wasn't your friend after all
Yeah, gotta cut her out of my life. Loyalty is so important in a friend. \ It is, glad you could figure out that she's not right to have in your life
Getting my driver's license was a freeing experience \ Nice! Are you getting a car soon too?
Yeah, that was a while ago, cars are great in a lot of situationsz! \ Definitely, especially when you get really hungry at night. I love a good drive thru
I am upset with how I acted at work the other day, I lashed out when I should not have \ Oh no, did you get into trouble with your boss?
Not yet, but I think I will soon \ Ahh, that's too bad. Just make sure to take responsibility and be very sorry for your actions, maybe it won't be so bad.
I miss the smell of burnt hay in the fall, my hometown farmers used to do it every year. \ I get that, nothing can beat home!
Yeah, I wish I visited more often, but my job keeps me away. \ I am sorry to hear that, well maybe when you retire!
I have the best dentist. \ A good dentist is great to have!
I was really impressed by his care. \ Did you have a lot of work done?
I ate my wife's leftovers while she was taking a nap \ what were the left overs?
Steak and gravy! \ That sounds good!
I got this chick's number yesterday and I wasn't expecting it.  I was about to fight this one guy who was talking crap to me but he ran away like a little bitch and she and her friend saw everything...I thought they were gonna start avoiding me...but they actually chatted me up asking me where I'm from and now she's still texting me haha \ Sounds like quite the adventure you had. You must feel proud of yourself. 
Maybe a little haha I was pretty heated though...glad it turned out for the better \ Yes and hopefully no one was hurt. 
Phew! The recent storm narrowly missed my neighborhood! \ Nice you must feel pretty lucky
Yes I do and grateful for that luck. Wouldnt want my new Porsche to get dented!  \ Haha I wouldn't either if I had a Porsche....sounds like you need some kind of bomb shelter emergency parking
I found a home and bought it and i can't believe i was able too. \ Are you happy with it
Absolutely! I feel so lucky. \ I am glad for you then
I was scared last year at this time. I had a couch that would not go away \ A couch! how was it hurting you?
Dang. I meant a cough that would not go away. Sorry about that \ Haha no worries. I though how could a couch could be scary... Are you OK? did you go to the doctor?
When I was in elementary school, I forgot the words to my solo in a school play. \ Oh, no! It happens to the best of us.
Yeah, I suppose so. Still, I remember being super embarrassed, I still think about it sometimes too. \ Luckily it is in the past, and I am sure no one remembers it!
I have a pretty awesome husband. \ That's good to hear! What makes him so awesome?
He works hard for our family so I can stay home with our son. \ I'm happy he's able to support his family through his work. I hope he enjoys it!
I got really upset when I got home today and my cat pooped on the bed. \ Gross!  I would have been super mad if my cat did that!  What did you do?
I had to clean it up, but not before I yelled at her and showed her what she did. \ Yeah, I would have done the some.  Hopefully that never happens to you again.
My wife has out of town for a couple weeks and we just moved to this city. I feel so bored and have no one to hang out with. \ Oh no, maybe try going to reddit and ask people what to do in your city!
That's actually a really good idea!  I am always on reddit anyways! \ Hahaha, me too, it's such a time sink. This week when it was down for a couple hours I really felt like I had nothing else to browse.
I work at a library cataloging materials and am often asked to help my coworkers--it makes me feel like an expert, though I'm not. \ Sounds like your co workers respect you then
They seem to. Or, at least, they know whom is the right person to go to for those specific kinds of questions! \ Or that as well ha
I was scared last week driving home. My car was driving weird \ Uh oh! How was it driving weird?
The handling was harder than usual \ Yikes! My old Ford Focus had a similar issue. It turned out to be really bad alignment and ended up putting a hole in our front tire. 
Feeling good about this application. \ Oh yeah?  You applying to a new job?  
Nope applied to my dream school actually. \ Oh how cool!  Well good luck my friend!!! What do you want to study?
We got this new printer at work and it MAKES ME SO MAD!!!! \ What does it not do right?
EVERYTHING!!! I dont know who's bright idea it was to buy a laserjet printer for work but it was so stupid!! \ That's so lame, you should maybe tell your boss about it though.
So my friend surprised me with tickets to see my favorite band this Saturday. I thought it was sold out. I cannot wait. \ Thats cool! What band is it?
LCD Soundsystem. I have been a fan for a long time. Im really freaking out about going now. \ Fantastic! That would be so fun!
I am feeling very positive about finally succeeding in busines. \ That sounds great. Was it a promotion or maybe a raise?
It's just a business I am working on myself. I am the owner in addition to working for another company. It can be hard to get started in business but I am getting there :) \ Oh I see. Well thats all very exciting. If you keep working at it Im sure you will continue to be successful. It will pay off.
I totaled my brand new car yesterday.  \ Oh wow, that isn't good.  Hopefully you had good insurance and that you are ok!
 I do thankfully. It was some kid who didn't have a license. I'm still sad because it was my first car ever.  \ Is the kid ok?  He won't have his license for a few more years probably now.
My fiance and I celebrate our 6th year anniversary on Monday! \ So exciting! Do you have any special gift in mind for them? 
No, we are broke.  We are going out to dinner and maybe a movie but last year for our 5th we both forgot it till the next day! \ Thats alright. As long as you two are happy with each other, thats the most important thing!
A friend of mine who works for me (really with me) was recently offered another job for a little more pay.  I was quite nervous on what he would decide.  In fact, he never even mentioned it to me.  I found out through an acquaintance that he had been offered the job. \ I hope you don't feel jealous of your friend. Did he accept the job?
It wasn't so much jealousy.  I just depend on him a lot.  What was funny was that I asked him about it, and he told me, "I never mentioned it because I never considered it.  We've got too good a thing going here."  I was amazed at his loyalty.   \ Seems like you have a trustworthy friend for life! I hope you cherish this friendship.
A mosquito has been flying around my face all day and its really starting to get to me. \ Don't you just hate that?!
I do! I am beyond annoyed and will try to obliterate it with my hand if I see it again. \ Just remember, it is probably a female mosquito.  They are the ones interested in your blood.  Not the males.  
I feel horrible. I let go of all of my friends and don't know how to move forward. \ Sorry to hear that but why did you distance yourself from your friends?
They live a drug culture. \ Good job for realizing that because such people are a bad influence. Join some outdoor or interest clubs and you might just find new friends. 
I was cut off today and crashed my car into a pole to avoid colliding with someone. \ Oh no! Are you ok?
I am, just a little bit winded. Also very angry that the person just drove away like nothing happened! \ Yea i would be too! That is a horrible person.
I've had the worst week, someone stole my credit card information. \ That is awful. I've had it happen to me once before.
Yes it's been hell, they charged over 15 thousand dollars on it. I hope my identity is fine besides the card. \ I sure hope so, too! It is a lot of work to get it sorted out. 
My husband will be away on a trip for the weekend and it will be so quiet without him here. \ Aww i'm sorry. Maybe enjoy a glass of wine and watch some girly shows. My husband is in the military and gone a lot so I feel for you.
Thank your husband for his service! We appreciate him! \ Aww thank you, means a lot! 
I was pretty disillusioned when I found out door to door sales wasn't a fun time \ Yeah... that seems like a hard gig, especially in today's day and age, where everyone's so wary, and especially since there's not often people at home during the day. You have to have good people skills to do that job, though. So, you at least probably have that going for you.
I realized that it was unethical in the end! \ Ah.. yeah, I'm sorry you had to run into that kind of problem. It's hard doing a job you don't agree with the ethics of. There's really no way to fake it sometimes. But at least you were able to realize that and stand by your morals.
This girl just invited me out on a date. She seems sweet and I'm interested.. more interested in her than I am this other girl I've been seeing for a few weeks. But I feel bad just dropping this girl I've been seeing recently. Like, wouldn't that be rude? \ I think if it's done without care then yes, care for what she would feel that is. Maybe you just have to tell the truth about what you're feeling, but it's up to you!
That's some good advice. I think my main problem is I don't know if it's just a "grass is greener" type situation. I've enjoyed my time with the first girl, but there's not a big "spark." But who knows if there actually has to be one? Guess I'll have to think on it more. \ Right, but deep down I'm sure you know that you don't need a relationship to feel content!
When I was a young kid, I stole some comic books from the local grocery store. \ Did you ever get caught?
My mother found out and made me walk them back into the store and give them to the manager. That was a humbling experience. \ Was she disappointed?
My grandpa gave me his pocket watch \ That was very nice of him. 
Yep he got it in Bangladesh in 1937 \ Wow, that is a wonderful keepsake from him. I bet you really cherish it.
My friend bought me dinner tonight. It made me really appreciate him \ That's nice. Was it a special occasion or anything ?
No, it was pretty random which was nice \ What did you have to eat ?
I have an old truck that when I drive it brings back memories from the past. \ What kind of memories
Of good times, my teenage years, old friends. \ Those were good years for sure
My friend lost his brother recently and it was so sad \ Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that! loss can be hard :(
Yeah and the worst part was how young he was \ I'm sorry! Take the time to grieve and be there for your friend.
Ugh, I'm so annoyed! My husband went out again with his friends, third time this week. \ Is he going out drinking?
Yes, I'm exhausted. My daughter is teething so she hasn't been sleeping well. \ That is such a tough time, my son is teething as well
I know I am late to the party but I am finally going to the cinema to watch the new Avengers movie tonight. \ Congrats! that sounds like a good movie!
It got great reviews so I am really excited to see it! \ I saw it, and it was a good  movie, i dont usually watch marvel films
My puppy died right after my cat. \ Sorry to hear that. You must be going through a tough time. 
It is horrible, i dont know what to do. \ You should try engaging in a hobby to divert your mind, and when you're ready, adopt a puppy from your local shelter. 
The results came in and I won the national debate championship with my team! \ Hey, congratulations. That must have been a lot of hard work. I wish I put more time into extracurricular stuff like that. It's a good look in the future. Especially the debate team--you develop so many good life skills with that!
I agree, it was a proud moment for us! I had to sacrifice a lot of time and energy to be able to get here.  \ I bet... that's a lot of weekends and late evenings practicing and honing your skills. I'm sure it's a lot of positive intangibles developed that you will reap the awards from later on in life.
I'm finally able to afford decent health insurance for once in my life. Not only does it feel good to know I'm covered for some unexpected bad stuff, but I can actually go to the dentist and optometrist and keep up with my teeth/eye health for once. \ Glad to hear it! Health is such an important thing, and the more you look after your body, the better it will treat you. 
Yeah. I mean I was a home-body and lives a pretty boring life, so I never truly felt in danger of not having health insurance in the past. But it was still a pretty stupid way to live. One accident could have ended it all in terms of financial health. \ I agree, now you will financially and physically secure. All the stress of not having insurance is far too much given our healthcare costs.
I think being with my husband makes me a better person \ That is good. Do you have strong feeling for each other?
Definetly, he's my best friend forever. \ That is cute
Yesterday, I was crossing the street and the person in front of me was hit by car which didn't stop at the red light \ O no! That's a terrible thing to have happen or see.
Now, I am so scared to cross streets. I am always paying attention. \ Was the person ok?
I am mad at my brother because he broke my bike. He always want to use my stuff and he ends up breaking it. \ Uh oh! Are you going to ask him to pay for it? Or at least fix it?
He is never going to pay or fix it. I already asked him for something else that he broke. He never did pay or fix it. \ Might be time to just stop letting him use your stuff, unfortunately.
When I went into labor with my son, it was quite the ordeal. He came before he was supposed to. \ How many month earlier he came?
It was actually only a week--but he wasn't showing signs of being physically ready was the problem. Thankfully, I'd already had my bags packed for weeks so we went to the hospital ready! \ Is he healthy?
I got an unfamiliar present in the mail addressed to me but I had no idea who sent it! \ That is strange. Did you like the gift?
I did. It was a PS4 console. Not a bad surprise to wake up to on a Sunday morning!  \ That is for sure! Someone must really like you!
My best friend's grandmother passed away.  \ Oh my, sorry to hear that. How is he holding up?
Doing okay, just a lot to process. \ I am sure it is. Just need to give him time and support right now. 
Just got my marks back. \ What are those? Your grades?
My math test grades, i failed the test somehow. \ Math was always my least favorite. Are you British?
I met a South Korean living in Argentina. He spoke perfect Spanish. Turns out hes fleeing the draft. \ Did you find out why he was fleeing the draft?
He didnt want to serve at the DMZ. \ That's a bit much of him to dodge his country when they needed him don't you think?
I am very happy. My son was top of the class, this year. \ That is awesome! I bet you are so proud
Yes, I am. I bought him to new bike as a reward. \ That should motivate him to keep up the good work!
I found some of my old baseball stuff, great memories \ Were you playing in a team?
I was, i miss those days! \ I understand
Seeing people taken advantage of by fake religious services is something I find the most vile. It makes them believe that they're doing the right thing, but the person taking advantage of them knows what's really up. What do you know about that? \ Well I am not a religious person but I will have to say it urks me when I am surronded my religious people that is trying to push their belief on me. Then seeing them feel people heads with stuff that they can not prove is there irritates me also
Exactly, I feel that getting people to believe irrational things is the same as giving them a brain virus, it'll slowly erode their ability to think rationally. \ Lol. exactly how I feel
Raising kids is hard at time, sometimes I am positive I am doing everything right to the best of my ability then other days I am sit wondering if I am being level headed about it all \ I'm glad you're taking it seriously, parents have the ability to be the best thing that ever happened to their kids' lives, or the worst, but I'm sure you're doing your best
Oh for sure, parenting is no joke.  \ Hope you're enjoying it!
I'll be getting a raise in February and I'm really looking forward to it. \ That's great! What percentage are you thinking you'll be getting?
It's nearly 25%, it's going to make things a lot easier. \ That's really good then. I'm sure it will help you financially
A person assured me that nothing would happen. She calmed my nerves down about to be pushed into my arm \ How'd it end up after the fact ?
I had to have surgery \ I hope it all went well for you.
i was at walmart and saw all the old board games from my childhood \ That's always fun, to see those random memories crop up when you least expect. What kind of board games were they?
Risk and Monpoly i have not played them in years \ I've played Monopoly before, of course. I wonder why that's the game everyone's played during their childhood... But yeah, Risk I've never played, dunno why. Maybe you should grab one and get some friends or family involved, for old time's sake.
I was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. I thought my earbuds were plugged into my iPod correctly so that only I could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. I just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. People listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing. \ That is funny i feel like someone should have said something though
Well, no one was sitting immediately right beside me, it was kind of a half empty flight. But I know other peeps could hear it. Thinking back, now I realize why sometimes people would kind of glance over their shoulder at me. Yeah man, why didn't they speak up \ That is great well know you know what not to do on a plane lol
my cat keeps bting me! \ How long have you had it?
12 years. \ Is this recent. Do you know why?
I  left most of my belongings at a hostel for 2 months. Everything was still there when I got back." \ Wow that's lucky.
Yeah, I didnt think about the fact that somebody would take it. I just didnt want to drag my stuff all over the country. \ oh i cot ya. i am glad you have your stuff.
We went to Six Flags yesterday and I felt so uneasy as I looked at the looming rollercoaster. \ Which Six Flags did you go to?
In Georgia. The rollercoaster ended up being very thrilling despite my earlier apprehension! \ I live right by that one!
I found some of my old baseball gear, it brought back great memories \ Nice, such relics of the past really hit you with a wave of nostalgia. Did the gear still fit you?
Lol nope, i gained a lot of weight when my wife was pregnant \ Oh I see, that is to be expected. At least you still have the gear!
I let my cousin look after my dog whilst I went on vacation this summer.  \ Oh nice, how did it go?
It went well, my dog came back happy and healthy. My cousin did well to pay off my trust.  \ Thats great! Glad it worked out for you and your dog was safe! I hear so many bad stories about people loosing pets.
I have a presentation for work on Monday, I'm a little nervous. \ Oh, thats not unusual. You must try to relax. Is it an important presentation?
Kind of, but I have prepared a lot so I'm sure it'll go good! I work in the human resource department for a big company and we are trying to find new ways to retain good employes. \ I see, I hope it goes well for you. Remember to breathe! 
I have an important job interview and i am nervous about it. \ Oh! What is it for? Just remember to think of all your good qualities and the interviewers :)
It is just for an awesome job i have always dream to have it. \ Cool! What industry is it in? I hope you get the job!
I am not in the best city and walking around the other night for a nice walk- someone kept following me. \ What city are in right now?
In a city in michigan. One of the top dangerous cities in the USA \ Oh well, be carreful.Make sure nobody is following you.
I ruined my friends wedding because of my drunken behavior \ Haha I bet it wasn't that bad....was it
Yea I saw video of my inexcusably drunk behavior. I feel so ashamed that I haven't been able to look my friend in the eye since then. \ OK now I'm curious...what the hell did you do
I never thought I'd say it but these days I'm just stoked waking up and living the dream...I'm fully self-employed and answer to NOBODY and I have full autonomy of time, making more money than I did my previous crappy job...it's great \ You must feel so content at this point. It must have taken a lot of hard work to get to this point!
Yes you have no idea...still grinding it out everyday but it's totally worth it \ I am glad that it is finally paying off! Keep it up because independence is the sweetest thing. 
One time I studied all night for my final exam! \ whatwas the exam for?
It was for Organic Chemistry \ tha is really cool what was your grade
sadly we got word our grandmothers canceris back \ That is unfortunate, is it possible to go through chemotherapy again?
im not sure she is really old  \ I hope everything works out for you 
My 12 year old lab just passed away. He was my buddy and I am really upset about losing him. \ That is so sad. Dogs become part of the family so when something like that happens it is like losing a family member
It really is.  I am just so broken up over it. \ I am so sorry for your loss, within time you will heal. Just try to cherish the memories that you was left with, Think about all the good times
My daughter had a school project that I helped her assemble, after we was done with it she informed she wanted it on wheels. Sometimes kids can be such a pain. \ Yeah, I have a doughter as well and understand.  I guess kids will be kids!
Lol. Yes they will be. Just would have been nice to know she wanted it on wheels at the beginning of the project \ The things they do make no sense.  Kid logic!
My friend called me out for being noisy and rude at the dinner last night. It was a rude awakening for me. \ Uh oh, do you think you were being rowdy?
Looks like it. And I was making everyone else feel uncomfortable too. i feel so ashamed that I made my own friends feel uneasy.  \ It's Ok. Everyone can chang ein life. Do you drink too much?
my roommate will not clean anything. \ Oh my, sounds like you have the dreaded roommate situation on your hands. Have you tried talking to him? 
yes, but his actions do not listen to me. \ I see, if you're in college, try talking to your Resident Advisor about it. 
Next week, I am going in work trip to New York. I can't wait to go. \ That will be nice. Are you going to have some free time?
Yes, I am going to have some free time. I am also given 150 dollars that I can use for my free time. \ You could get a nice dinner with that. Have fun.
I was cut off this morning on the way to work. It caused me to crash into the ditch. I am so mad. \ Is the car terribly damaged?
I had to get it towed to the shop. We will see how bad it is.  \ I hope it will be ok. Were you late for your work?
I had to leave my key in my car for the mechanic and I was left wondering if someone might find it \ That is a scary situation. People do not care anymore.
Right, there's too many people to say that it wouldn't happen \ You are so right! 
My license got lost in the mail and I had to go back to the dmv to get a new one. \ That sucks, it takes so long for them to arrive!
It does and the wait at the dmv is always long. I was so irritated. \ Hope everything works out for you!
I wish that Summer wasn't almost over. \ I feel that, even though I prefer Winter
Yeah, I like the fall, but the change does make me a bit sad. It's a growing older type of thing. \ I get that, but all seasons are good, you miss the ones that it is not
I cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is gonna be amazing \ Is that a game ?
It is, you have never heard of it? \ No, I'm sure I'm a bit older than you.
I am jealous of my coworker, he is very smart and athletic \ you can train and get better
I can, but I cannot get any smarter \ i thin yyouca you just have to believe in yursef
i went to see the boo of mormon ans i did not think it was that ood \ Why is that?
i just did not think it came together well overall \ I get that, too bad we cannot refund movies
My dad just graduated college! \ Nice! You must be so proud of him to achieve such a milestone! 
I am! He is such an amazing man. \ He must be for his children to seem him as an inspiration! 
The summer hurricane violently ripped through my neighborhood and destroyed everything in its path.  \ Oh god! Is everyone you care about OK?
Yes, I am thankful for that. But devastated that my house and property have been swept away overnight.  \ Man, i am so sorry, i could not imagine.
I can't get myself to throw away my late dogs toys, despite them being so old and torn up.  \ Do you find value in them still?
I suppose, sentimental value more than monetary value.  \ I think you should keep them instead of throwing them away.
Ew what a gross wound my brother had. \ How did he get it?
He crashed his bike and cut it up badly, it was disgusting. \ I hope it wasn't too painful for him and he disinfected and bandaged that wound up.
I am so ashamed. I wasted 300 on an exercise bike \ Oh wow. Well are you going to use it? Why are you ashamed?
I never use it and I don't think I ever will \ Why did you buy it then?
My friends threw a party for me when I got promoted at work. I couldn't believe it. \ Wow that's awesome. Congratulations
Thank you! It meant a lot. \ Did you like the food?
We had someone break into our hom. \ Oh my god! Are you ok? was anyone home? Did they take anything important?
We are okay and thankfully we were not home. They went through everything, but didn't take anything.  \ That's weird. I am happy you have your possesions.
Someone is visiting me soon and i can't wait! \ Who is it? 
My mom, she is amazing. \ I bet she is! I am so glad you get to see her. Mom's are awesome!
I found out my storage unit burned down and I had lost several irreplaceable items \ Was the fire set by someone or an accident?
It was an accident at the storage faciltiy \ That's horrible, i am sorry!
i'm grateful for my life \ That is good.  It is nice to focus on the positives
Yep everything is just going good right now \ I am glad to hear that.  I hope it keeps staying that way
My 15 year old stole a family members bank card number and overdrawn the account by $500. I was so mad I asked him about it and he had the nerve to lie to me even with the proof that I needed \ Ugh teenagers can be so troublesome some times! I hope you made him realize what he did was wrong. 
Oh I did. I was always told that newborn years was the worse but raising know it all teens is the worse, makes me miss the newborn stage \ Yup, but what I don't like about that age is having to stay up all night!
I sheltered an injured owl and nursed him back to health before setting him free. \ Helping animals sometimes brings great pleasure. You did a good deed
Thank you. I gave me great satisfaction to care for him though I felt a bit sad when I had to let him go home.  \ Awe. Ya it doesn't take much to get attached to something that you are nursing back to health
My boyfriend took me to a cat cafe today because he knows I like cats \ That sounds like a cool place to go! Can you bring your cat there?
I don't think so? They have cats there up for adoption from the local shelter. You can have coffee and pet them. \ That is so cool! We adopted a cat from a shelter and he is the best cat!
My son just took his first steps. \ Nice! You must be so proud! How old is he?
I was so proud! He is 13 months. \ What an angel! I'm looking forward to starting my own family too.
I found myself shocked today by my roommate. \ What did they do?
They left a mess in the toilet and didn't flush it! \ Ewww. Adults should know better than that. I think I would have been grossed out
I was going through some old photos the other day and also came across a bunch of stuff that my kids have made me through the years, It brought back so many great memories \ That's wonderful! I bet it was a nice trip down memory lane.
It sure was! Some of the stuff I had forgotten about, so it was great coming across all those things \ Memories are the most precious thing we can have in life I think.
A friend that I had during college came to visit me last week. I was not expecting him to contact me. It has been at least ten years that we didn't see each other. \ Wow that's been a long time. Did you two have a good time together?
Yes, we had a great time. We are planning to see each other this week. \ That's great that you two reconnected like it! I'm happy for you.
Walked in my kitchen this morning and there was a huge spider in the sink. \ What did you do?
I grabbed a spatula to kill it, but it had already disappeared! \ It is ok. Most spider are not dangerous. What is it a big one?
I was eating with some friends, and over trusted a fart smh \ What did your friends do?
Laughed and got me some new pants \ On no. Was this at a public place?
I failed my drivers license exam because I didnt pay attention to oncoming traffic. I was so mad. \ Oh no, when can you take it again?
In about a week. I passed everything. It was on the way back. I got too excited. \ Dang that is unfortunate!
Someone is coming to visit me i never expectied too! \ Hey that's great!  How long has it been?
Too long, like years. \ Dang.  I bet you're gonna have some good times together!
I am so nervous right now.   I......I don't know what to do \ Whats going to happen?
I heard a loud crash in my backyard.  I think it's the aliens. \ Oh gosh, i think it was just a tree falling i bet.
This week was the last one for this semester of my college courses \ That is awesome, what degree are you working towards?
Healthcare administration, only 6 months left! I get so antsy waiting to see the final grades, it drives me crazy  \ I can imagine, waiting sucks!
I'm hoping to get a big bonus at work \ Oh I hope you get it! It can really help out or just be a splurge 
Yeah it is nice to be able to go out and just spend a little money! \ Definitely, it's good to work for a company that does that too
The place I ate at for lunch today only had a "B" rating for cleanliness, etc. on their health inspection. I never ate at a place that had less than an "A." But I ate there anyway since there wasn't anything else close by, and it smelled good and was cheap, and I'm poor.. I just know my stomach is going to be churning later \ a 'B'? Hmm, well you know how it is, hope your stomach feels better!
Yeah, you know what they say. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Wish I could afford better, but I'm a broke college student. I guess the bright side is the bad food won't be in my body for long.. \ You'll be fine, next time just look and see how clean their bathrooms are, it gives you a good idea how their kitchens are!
I got woken up by my roommate and I swear his voice is the last thing you want to hear in the middle of the night, sent the fear of God through my veins \ That's kind of odd. I probably would have tried to take a swing just out of pure instinct. What was the reason they wanted to wake you up?
I don't know, I didn't answer, pretended I was asleep \ Hahaha.. that's kind of goofy in a way. Yeah, sometimes nothing good can come of people trying to get your attention randomly in the middle of the night. That's probably the wisest choice. I probably wouldn't be able to act that good enough to pull it off.
Some kids aren't as fortunate as mine. \ Can you explain more?
I can afford to buy my kids things. I always donate their old stuff instead of selling it. \ Donate is good thing to do. Great
Yesterday, I saw a woman in the bus that her lollipop felt on the floor. She took the lollipop, clean it, remove a hair that was on it and put it back in her mounth. \ That is so disgusting!
I start to watch in the other direction because I was going to throw up. \ I probably would have done the same thing.
My favorite time of the year is during the holidays. My family gets together and talks about our lives. It is such a merry time. \ That's wonderful. I also love the holidays. It's the perfect time for families.
Yeah it is so peaceful drinking egg nogg and watching logs burn in the fire. I can't wait for the holidays. \ Sounds like heaven! I am also looking forward to them too.
My brother finally got into law school! \ That's awesome. You must be so proud of him.
Yes, very much so! He worked very hard for it. \ The LSAT is no joke. He must have studied very hard.
I am getting to go to my favorite cupcake bakery on Monday! \ What kind of cupcake do you like from there?
I love the Snickers one! \ Those are so tasty, are you excited?
Feeling so good about my drivers license test. \ Awesome! I hope you do well! When do you take it?
I'm taking it in three weeks it's my first try. \ You will do great, just stay confident!
I'm not sure if my boyfriend wants to get married yet. I won't rush him though. \ Communication is key, have you talked to him about it?
Yeah, but it doesn't seem like he's in a rush. He's 35 though.... \ Age doesn't amtter, show him you are ready.
I went to an old part of town and these guys really scared me. \ Oh no, next time you should bring a friend to be safe.
I know that's smart i should not have gone alone. \ It's okay, you got out fine this time!
My coworker in the cubicle next to me is always talking! He really bothers me. \ What does he normally talk about?
Dumb stuff that has nothing to do with work! \ Oh yeah, that really is a waste of time
I had a date last night \ Nice!  Did you have a good time?
Yeah! I was pretty nervous, but it went fairly well. \ Thats good.  Stay confident and let things happen naturally!
I almost got caught stealing, I felt pretty bad \ Ouch!  What did you take?
A computer keyboard from my school \ Was it an awesome keyboard worth getting in trouble for?
My wife and I have been together for 5 years \ Gratz. What's the secret?
Just staying faithful.  That girl is so loyal I love her so much.  \ Good to hear, glad you guys are happy!
I'm 38 weeks pregnant, could have my baby any day now! \ Congrats! Thats so exciting do You fel ok?
Yes, a bit nervous because my first birth was hard, but I know I'm ready and have everything we need for the baby!  \ YAY! good job! He/she is going to be beautiful
I brought my friend out and he made a complete idiot of himself. \ Was he drinking heavy? I'm sorry hope the night wasn't too bad.
he was and yea it was, he completely ruined the night out. \ I'm sorry to hear that! haha guess he's not invited next time!
I often get so annoyed having pictures taken of me, and getting asked to smile. I hate my teeth, since they're so big. I wish I had smaller, more natural teeth that other people do.. it makes me so paranoid sometimes. \ Don't be! You are awesome the way you are!
I appreciate that. And I try to tell myself that imperfections help people stay grounded and kind. But it's still hard not to get so self-conscious about it in everyday life. I almost want to grab something and grind them down! \ Our imperfections help us stay unique! Do worry yourself with that, there are so many other things that can get us down and worry us! Just keep being awesome!
My husband put together a graduation party for me and I had no idea! \ Hey... congratulations to you on both fronts! That sounds like double good news. It was probably fun having your hard work rewarded with seeing the faces of all your loved ones and having them personally congratulate you.
It was, I was so thankful to him and I was also thankful to be done with school!  \ Well, it's good to have you join the workforce in society. You seem like a positive person who can contribute well. Hopefully you find a passion that utilizes your hard-earned degree.
My son went into a youth challenge program. I am hoping that this will help him become better person and give him the discipline that he needs. \ Ahh, is he a troublemaker right now? Most of the time, it's the friends they hang out with. Young people are easily influenced by the people around them.
It had alot to do with the crowd he was keeping at school. their habits was rubbing off on him. I tried talking to him several times about it but of course with being the mother he acted like I did not know what I was talking about. He is not just horrible but I knew if something did not change it would have gotten worse \ Yes, he needs a firm hand to lead the way out of this kind of behaviours. You need to step up and introduce some strict schedules so he won't have time to do anything bad. 
I tripped over the sidewalk the other day, thankfully no one was around \ Did you get hurt?
Just scraped my knee a little. I'll be fine. But I'm so clumsy all the time it's a bit frustrating. \ Yeah, gotta be careful one day you might hurt yourself pretty bad
My friend got a new wrangler, i want one so bad \ Nice, what year?
2019 white hard top \ Dang, that must look great!
Christmas was the best time of year back in the day! \ I still think it is, i always get so excited
Yeah, it's like there's nothing to worry about \ yep thats one of the things that make it so nice
I had to rely on my own primal instincts and the Universe's subtle signs to guide me when I was homeless \ im sorry to hearyou were homeles
Thanks lol it wasn't that bad I had the support of my friends.  I'm fully self-employed with my own car, apartment, and sustainable income these days. Total 180! \ That is great congrat!
we went to the beach and someone left  a bunch of dead fish out therer \ Interesting...you sure it wasn't fish that washed up on the shore
no they had been gutted \ Gotcha..hope that didn't ruin your whole day
Sometimes I'm surprised my son is actually my son. He currently has enough merit aid to pay for 2/3 of his college tuition! \ Well that is quite the accomplishment. 
It is certainly much better than I was ever able to do.  I think my scholarship was $500 and I had no merit aide.  He set his academic bar high... I just told him to do his best. \ He sounds like he has a great head on his shoulder. You must have taught him well.
Last year my little boy almost failed the second grade. I have been helping him study and can you believe that he passed third grade with an A in every subject. I am beside myself. \ I am a teacher so I understand.  You must be working well with him!  Do teachers know what accommodations to make or how to differentiate for him to be successful in the classroom?
I think his teacher last year was very involved and was able to communicate what he needed. I think he has really formed some good habits over the past year. I cant wait to watch him succeed. \ The amount of pride he will have in himself with speak volumes.  Let his new teachers know what works for him.  You are his best advocate!
I felt so embarrassed yesterday. \ Why, what happened to make you feel that
I walked out of the bathroom with some toilet paper stuck to my shoe. \ Nice, I never understood why that's embarassing haha
Some random dude walked into my room while I was laying down, couldn't have been more weird \ Oh wow that is weird. Did you say anything to him?
I was like what the hell, and then he said sorry and walked out \ Yeesh, how awkward is that.
When I was at gym, my pants has torn from behind. I felt bad about it. \ Oh wow that sucks! Hope it wasn't too embarassing!
It was very embarassing. There was people looking at me and other laughing at me. \ Oh wow I'm sorry! That's not cool, they would be hurt if people were laughing at them
Someone hit my car at walmart today and drove off! \ Were you able to take the plate id?
No, I didn't see it someone reported it to customer service and they paged me. I wish they would have left a note! People have so decency sometimes! \ I understand. Sorry to hear about that.
My friend just got a new job \ That's great! Where are they working?
Health care place. Except they're earning more than me in the same field, even though I am way more qualified \ That's got to be frustrating. Have you thought of maybe working at the same place?
One of my coworkers has been arguing with his supervisor a LOT lately. \ What are they arguing about?
Everything and anything. It's annoying, though--he's not getting fired and is, in fact, getting more hours despite arguing all the time! \ That's so ridiculous!
I got lost in an unfamiliar city last night. \ That is scary! Hope you did not find yourself in the bad part of town
It was not the best part of town, I had to trust a complete stranger to get me home. \ That is horrible! I bet a little part of you was scared
My teenager almost got kicked out of school when he was 16 because he kept getting caught with tobacco after the 5th time they said enough was enough and was really close of kicking him out for the rest of the year \ Oh wow! That is intense! I am glad he didn't get kicked out!
Me too! It was a very close call \ It sounds like it!
My father in law makes sure I am taken care of and he is the sweetest guy in the world.  It makes me feel special. \ That is amazing. Sounds like you have a really good support system.
Yeah I do with him at least.  Do you have people you can count on? \ I have a few. It really does help when times are not so great.
I found my grandfathers old watch he used to wear all the time. It really reminds me of him a lot. \ That is pretty neat especially if it gives you good memories!
It really does. I remember he used to wear it for special occasions and holidays. \ Now you can carry on that tradition.
I'm excited for fall to start, I love layering my clothes \ I do too. I wish we could have fall weather longer.
Yeah, me too, where I live it really transitions into winter really quickly. \ Same here and next thing you know it's a blizzard.
My birthday was last week and I thought  everyone forgot about me. \ Oh what happened instead? Did your friends throw you a party?
Yep! When I got home they were all there and had planned it all behind my back. It was great! \ Wow! What a great surprise! You should thank the person that planned it!
I finally have a job and paid off the last dollar on my student loans today! \ That is awesome! I cannot wait until my student loans are paid off!
It is! Its best feeling and is a weight off my shoulders! I am finally content with my finances.  \ I am happy for you! 
I am applying to graduate school and I am a little anxious about it! \ Oh, don't be! Just have faith in yourself and be confident that you can make it in. 
The interview is what is making me nervous! \ I see, think of it as having a conversation with a friend. It will make it easier! 
I really want a Chanel bag for Christmas, my friend got one and it's so beautiful. \ They do have nice bags! I hope you are able to get one!
Me too! They are very pricey, but I've had my eye on the mini rectangle for a long time. \ They are, but if you save up a little at a time, it won't be that bad!
My son is turning 2 in a few months. \ Nice! How are you celebrating for him?
We are having a small get together with family and friends and his favorite jumpy place. \ So cute! Take a lot of photos so he'll be able to see them in the future!
I'm going to eat sushi for the first time this coming weekend. \ Yum! Sushi is so good, I'm sure you'll enjoy it! I like the eel roll and spicy tuna roll.
Thanks for the recommendations! I'm a bit nervous about it, but I hope I will enjoy it. \ I'm sure you will! Maybe start with a simple roll like the california roll or ask the waitress for recomendations. 
I saw my favourite candy at the store today! Was so excited, hadn't seen it in a while. \ Oh nice. What kind of candy was it?
This sour s'ghetti candy by HARIBRO. I use to eat this all the time as a child. \ Oh yeah I think I have tried that one! I love anything by Haribro! 
Tomorrow might just be scary.  Not sure if I should go or not.  \ Where are you going? I would say if your gut is telling you that it is not good then I would suggest listening to it
We're going to six flags.  I've never ridden a coaster before. \ Lol. Oh. Coasters are fun. Very exciting!
My husband an I thought we would treat ourself toa nice dinner. I went to take a bite and looked down, thank goodness I did, there was a really nice piece of hair wrapped around my food \ A "really nice" piece of hair?  Yikes.  Did you send it back?
I sure did. Told the waiter that I wanted to talk to the manager. When he came out I was real nice about it. Just happy I did not have topay for it \ Well good.  Hopefully you got your food re-made though.  
I am doing so well in school. I amazed myself. \ That is awesome! What do you go to school for?
I'm studying psychology and it is so boring I have thought of quitting several times. \ Well if you are doing so well, I wouldn't quit! Good luck!
I found a stray cat and took it home. He was sick and I nursed him back to health. \ How sweet. How is it now?
He;s doing well and he's my buddy for sure. \ It great that he has a good home then.
I recently lost my job, and am having trouble finding another one.  \ I feel your pain, that happened to me a few years ago, I ended up having to settle on a job I didn't like just to make ends meet.
Its a scary situation to be in but like you I almost pretty much applying to anything out there!  \ I hope you find a job, good luck!
I was extremely relieved when I found out my dad beat cancer. \ Thats wonderful news! Its such a nasty disease! How long has he been clear? 
About 2 years now. \ Well I hope he has 100 more years to go! :) 
