Its a tiny soul food restaurant owned by a nice family. ITs sad. \ What was your fav dish there?
I'm so happy that my cousin got a full ride scholarship! She really worked hard for this chance to be successful! \ That is great! You must be so proud!
Her parents are pretty proud, but I'm more joyful for her than anything! \ That is nice that you are so supportive of her.
Every time my best friend comes back in town, we go eat at the old restaurant that we used to work at when we met. \ I bet that brings back a lot of great memories! Is the food good?
It sure does! The food is great and the place hasn't changed a bit. It feels like we went back in time. \ What type of food do they serve?
A friend forgot his phone at the library \ Did he get it back? I hate it when that happens...
I went back and grabbed it for him \ You are a true friend indeed. I bet he is very appreciative!
I've been having a sharp pain in my chest lately. Tomorrow, I go to the doctors and I am optimistic it isn't something too serious... \ Where on your chest?
I think near my lungs, I'm hopeful it's nothing serious. \ Hopefully it works out for you
MY niece visits me often. She is five. \ Wow, she can already drive?
Drive me crazy yes. My sister has been looking for work so she hangs out with my 4 year old during the day. They have a lot of fun \ She sounds like a great babysitter
I think I got everything I need for my job interview tomorrow. I got my fancy clothes and answers prepared for common questions they usually throw at u. \ Like, What are your weaknesses?
I'm not very confrontational and direct \ You gonna get the job!
I was just thinking about the Sunday dinners we use to have at my grannys. \ Do you not have them anymore?
She passed away \ I'm sorry to hear that
Its okay. She was very ill. \ Well she is in a better place.
My decorating skilss are bomb yo \ Ddi you take classes or something?
I just have a good eye. \ I think I have a good eye too.
I'll be the judge of that. \ My mom does that for a living. I could probably be good at it.
I wish I was Mark Cuban. I would be rich. \ You and me both.
I would also know a NBA team, that would be fun. \ What about a soccer team?
my daughter has started to dress herself in the morning. One less thing I have to do. \ That must save you some time.
Yes. She can't match her clothes yet, but we can worry about that later. \ One step at a time.
Did I tell you what happened with Li the other night? Boy do I feel dumb. \ No, you didn't tell me! What happened?
She's 45 minutes late to our anniversary dinner. I don't know what happened to me but I called and left an angry message. Turns out, she had gotten T-boned at an intersection and was talking to the Police Officer when I called! \ Oh no! Is she okay?! Don't beat yourself up too much, you couldn't have ever imagined that she had been in an accident.
Ugh, I was so embarrassed with myself the other day for snapping at a sales lady. \ Hey, it happens sometimes. What was the situation?
I wanted to purchase an item that was marked wrong and she refused to honor the posted price. I thought it was shady, but she ended up being so nice and helpful. I felt so bad. \ Trust me I've been there! Some days are better than others. Did you apologize?
I am sure that my brother will come home from Iraq. \ What kind of job does he have in the military?
He is a medic. \ How long has he been there?
A friend of mine was having a hard time finding a job \ Did he eventually find one?
After months of work, he at least got an interview \ That is making progress.
I am very happy to be an American. \ Me too, do you like Trump?
I love him. \ I love how direct he is, he definitely one of the best presidents in recent years.
I can't wait for the Mile 22 movies to come out. It has one of my favorite UFC fighters in it and I can't wait! \ I saw the trailer, looks good.
I love Ronda Rousey, she is so sexy!!! \ I saw her fight once. She kicked butt.
Everything is falling into place for me. \ I bet that is a great feeling
It is. I was having a hard time bored \ Well at least things are starting to look positive for you!
I remember the good days of Halo 3. It was one of the best moments of my life as a kid. \ I couldn't get into that game.
Because you are n00b? Jk, not everyone liked that game haha \ I tried to play it. I couldnt get into battlefield either. Maps too huge?
I can not wait for the new Mission Impossible movie. \ Me either I love adventure movies!
I have seen all the previous ones. \ Me too! I love them.
I was able to get a full ride scholarship. I'm attending an ivy league school. \ Wow, that is impressive.
I know I'm super excited. \ What will you study?
I have never cheated on my girlfriend. \ It's nice to know there are faithful people still out there. Keep it up!
It hasn't been that hard either. \ That must mean you really do love and care about her.
My best friend and I have lived 5 minutes or less away from each other for the past 20 years. \ You must see them a lot.
Not yet because she still lives so close, but next week she is moving an 11 hour drive away from me. It is going to be so hard. \ At least you can talk on the phone.
I am ready for the fall. \ I love the fall.
I really love how the leaves turn colors. \ I used to love the piles of leaves when I was younger. Raking is no fun now.
I just invested in a case of heineken for tonigh. \ Nice, whats the reason?
Its Friday. I feel bad though because I have to get up in the morning and do school stuff.  \ Will you not go out then?
Last night I went to take the trash out and I almost died. \ What happened?
There was a raccoon waiting for my trash bag inside the dumpster. \ Oh god, you didn't get attacked, did you?!
A truck almost ran me off the road the other day, thank god the median was there. I never understood the expression life flashing before my eyes, but after that, I did. \ Oh wow. I would have freaked out
Call me a baby because I started crying when I thought about how I could have been seriously hurt. \ Well at least you are okay now.
We are going on a cruise next year on Spring Break with my parents and my sisters family. \ I love cruises. Where are you guys headed to on the cruise?
We are going to Cozumel. We have never been on a cruise before. We can't wait to go. \ Nice! I think I went to Cozumel, Mexico with my family in like 2013? It was on the Carnival Imagination cruise, it was awesome!
I heard a hissing noise outside my door and I swear to god it was a snake. It turned out to my brother playing a prank on me. \ I would be so mad. I am terrified of snakes.
Me too. I've heard of terrible stories of arms falling off and stuff from venom poison. \ When I was a kid I used to have nightmares that I was on a bridge in a car and the whole car and bridge were covered in snakes. It was awful.
I am ready for the next McGregor fight \ I just read about that today.  Do you think he will be ready for it?
Yes, he is a fighting machine. \ He definitely is cool to watch.
I couldn't believe that I got a call from an old friend \ What did they call about?
They just called to catch up.  I hadnt heard from her since she oved to AZ 5 years ago \ Wow that is a long time ago.
I am very reluctant to confront my boss on her behaviors recently. She is picking on all the male employees for no reason.. \ That's no good.
Yeah, she is acting discriminatory for no reason at all. It really sucks.. \ People aren't tolerating that type of behavior anymore. She had better watch it.
MY daughter is growing so fast. \ Are you the mother or father? Time flies so fast..
I'm mom. She is taller than me now. I wish she was 4 again. \ I bet she is going to be a great person when she is older
I remember when Jordan hit that game winning shot against my Utah Jazz in the late 90's.  Still can't believe it. \ I know that must have been so disappointing!
We would beat them in the regular season over and over but when it came to the finals and specifically the 98' finals, the Bulls just ruined any chance the Jazz had. \ Well there will always be other chances for this match up to play out again.
My husband is an over the road truck driver and I dont get to see him a lot. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  It must be difficult to be away from the one you love.
Yes. We have been blessed to be able to comfort each other through the tough times. \ I'm glad to hear that.  I wish you continued love and success with your marriage.  It's a rare gift to have these days.
Ugh I can't believe what happened, he doesn't deserve this. \ What happened?
My buddy got a new smoking hot girlfriend and now I'm lonely \ I bet you are super jealous!
I promised my friend to pick her up after work but I totally forgot. I just left her at work and now I feel like I let her down immensely. \ She was probably disappointed at you.
Yeah I know she was. I texted/called her trying to explain to her I forgot and she completely ignored me. \ Are you upset about this? I'd try meeting hr in person
In the middle of the night I heard some weird noises coming from my basement. I grabbed my flashlight and baseball bat and tip-toed down there. \ Should have grabbed the gun.
To my utter shock I saw the biggest rat I ever seen. I swear it was two feet long. I shrieked like a banshee and bolted outside. \ I would have shot that thing dead and then burned it. Then ate it for dinner.
I got 2 working arms and legs. I am so thankful for that. \ That is good to hear. Disabilities are never easy for people.
I agree. I am so thankful. \ Nothing upsets me more than people getting handicapped plates and not being handicapped.
I am feeling a little conflicted and disloyal today. I told my boss I applied for a new job. He was sad.  \ Maybe he should give you a raise so you can stay.
Well, I think he'd like to, but I just need to move on. I feel bad because he's been good to me though.  \ Well you have to think about yourself.
I used to rush home from school to catsh a soap opera \ Really? Which one was it? 
Passions \ Was that in the United States or somewhere else? I used to love All My Children and General Hospital. 
It was in the US it had a bunch of young people on it. We would all talk about it at school the next day. \ Sounds like fun! I wonder if you could find old episodes online now. 
Probably. A lot of the actors have gone on to be in big movies \ Oh, cool! Any names I might know?
My daughter lost her last baby tooth today, she's growing up and it gets me a little choked up. \ I was just talking about this with my friend. They are getting too old
I know they have to grow up and all but can't they stay littles for a little bit longer? \ i know right.
I walked to the store the other all cool and breezy. \ Did you have plans to pick up something special?
Some cigarettes. But the interesting part was, halfway there some one pointed out that my dress was tucked in my undies in the bac. oops \ I know that was probably embarrassing then but can you at least laugh about it now?
I am satisfied with my gains so far. I hit the gym only 2 times a week but I am ok with that. \ Are you making some good progress?
I'm making progress but it's a little slow. I am content with that. \ You must be quite proud, how much can you lift?
It really hurts to think about it happening, my house burning. \ I can't imagine my house on fire. That's I got home insurance!
I was too young to know about that, we're done for. \ I hope you didn't lose too much.
Times sure have changed. When I was a kid no one locked their doors or had to get weapons for self-protection. \ Yeah, the crime rate has steadily been rising. Not good.
I was allowed to roam the streets with my friends all day as long as I was home for supper. Aw, I miss the good ol' days. \ I miss the good ol' days too!
My co-worker got a promotion that I was pushing for her to get. I am so happy for her! She really does deserve it. \ That is awesome. I bet she worked really hard to get that promotion. Good for her.
She is definitely a hard worker. I am so proud of her. \ Cool, I hope she continues to be successful. It's good you are encouraging her!
When I think back to the early 2000's, it was such a great time for me personally. Everything was perfect. \ It feels nostalgic, what did you like most about that time period?
The great times I had with my friends and family. I had like 0 responsibilities too. \ Must've been nice, being so free and enjoying your time.
Ever been to a haunted house? \ Yes, I didn't like it at all. I'm not into jump scares.
It was so terrifying, the men with chainsaws chased us! \ Yeah, no thank you for me.
I used to have the best next door neighbors. \ Was there any reason why?
They wer really nice and trustworthy. I even let them use my wifi password. \ That's awesome, I've never had good neighbors so I'm pretty jealous of you!
My sister and I got into this huge fight and she called me a fat cow.  \ I call my sister that all the time. 
To be funny or what? Because I think it's really rude and unforgiveable.  \ OH. I'm sorry. We do that to each other. I  didn't know she hurt your feelings.
I ordered a game off of the internet and it came in on a way later date than expected. \ Thats Sucks I download games so I don't have that problem
That's what I do now but back then they were not able to be downloaded. \ I used to have that problem too. Downloading would take days. Technology saved me there.
I am a little scared to move to a new neighborhood  \ Oh no, why is that?
I don't know any one. I am worried we won't fit in. But the rent was affordable and we needed more space. \ Well as long as they're good people than it shouldn't be that bad. 
My daughter is the worst. \ What did she do?
She only wants to talk to me when I'm on the phone with someone. Its so rude \ Have you told her not to do that?
I am mad that the summer is almost over. \ IT went by fast.
I didn't even get to go on vacation. \ That sucks. Everyone deserves a vacay.
My friend Phil really bugs me. \ Does he have good characteristics too, or is he just annoying all the time?
He is a nice guy but talks too much. \ Does he at least have interesting things to say when he talks?
I went to a school for massage therapy, but I was worried at first that it would be strange to massage people I didn't know.  \ Thats cool. Was it hard?
Some of it was. I had to learn the name, attachment point, and action of every muscle in the body. There are over 800.  \ Wow that is a lot.
I had eggs for breakfast this morning. I don't think I cooked the eggs enough and the yolk was raw, I felt like vomiting. \ Oh no, that's the worst to spend time cooking something and then taking a bite and it's awful.
I could have gotten sick. It was so disgusting.. \ I've done it before so I feel your pain.
I can't wait to get to the ocean! It's been a long time coming for me! \ Nice! Are you going scuba divng?
No, I've never done that but my favorite thing is the food! I love the ice cream and french fries down the shore. \ Ah, gotcha. Sounds delicious!
I helped an old lady with her groceries the other day. Made me feel good. \ What did you carry for her?
She had a watermelon and was having a hard time \ You're so sweet for doing that, did she thank you?
I can't believe I didn't tell her about the vase. \ What ahappened to the vase?
I accidentally smashed it played beyblades. \ People still play with those?
Yeah they're fun, I didn't tell my mom after though. \ Who did she blame?
She thought my cat did it, I said he did, I lied. \ Well if the cat didn't tell the truth he didn't mind atking the fall.
I'm not in the best financial situation right now. Hear me out, these ramen noodles will turn into filet mignon steaks one day! \ Hey. It happened to me. It could happen to you too!
Yeah, it's not so tasty but I'm very hopeful that hard work will pay off! \ Have you ever put butter in your noodles. It elevates them lol
Butter? I need to try that, I'm just using cheese and chopped vegetables. \ I've never used cheese. Learn something new every day.
I bought a box of honey buns yesterday. \ You know, thinking about it. I don't think I've ever had a honey bun...
OMG! Actually I didn't have any yesterday and they are all gone!! My kids are the worst \ Wow, that sucks. I bet you are so disappointed...
My new neighbors are already on my list. \ What kind of list is that? Are you bringing them some Christmas cookies?
The naughty list. They are putting up pictures and moving furniture at midnight every night. RUDE \ Oh so maybe you will leave some coal on their doorstep instead. They should be more considerate.
I spotted my dream car the other day. It is a Honda Civic Type R. \ Ok. That's kinda neat.
Yeah too bad I can't afford one. I was so jealous of the dude that had one. \ Oh I know how that feels.
I love looking at my kids pictures. \ Aww that's sweet! How old are your kids? 
4 and 5 and 14. I put up a ulletin board in my office and filled it with their pics. \ Yeah I like to have pictures of my loved ones and pets and such at work. It really helps when I'm having a rough day.
Once I had a really scary experience where I was walking home by myself in a city where I was studying abroad, and a man started following me and verbally harassing me. \ Oh no. I would have screamed.
Yeah I called a friend on my phone and talked to her. Thankfully I coincidentally ran into some other students that I knew and they walked with me the rest of the way.  \ That's nice. No police were involved?
No thankfully it didn't come to that! \ Well at least you're safe.
I had a great night the other evening.  \ That's nice.
My wife had made a gorgeous spaghetti dinner, and it was ready the moment I came home. \ Aw. No one cooks for me :(
I never go on a diet like I say \ I'm sorry to hear that. What's holding you back? 
I just never do it. I want to wear a two peice bikini one summer lol \ You'll get there one day!
One day. \ Just keep working at it. 
The last season of game of thrones is soon. \ Wow, the last one? How many seasons have they made?
I think it's been 7. Yep its about to be over. I can't wait til the premier \ I need to watch that show in my free time. EVeryone I know talks about that show constantly!
I cheated on my exam yesterday. It was so tempting because the girl next to me didn't even bother covering her answers. \ did you get an A?
Haven't gotten the results yet. But I feel so guilty about everything. \ Come clean and take an F then
I'm perfectly fine with being single at the moment. It gives me a lot of clarity and time to self-reflect. \ Me too. I can focus on myself for a while
I've been trying way to hard to satisfy everyone. I think I'm content with being single, for now. \ I feel the same way.
I wasn't a very good girlfriend to my ex. \ At least you are thinking back on it and doing some self-reflecting. 
I used to pretend to be asleep when he got off work just so he wouldnt talk to me. \ That's so mean. I bet he just wanted to say good morning to you.
I had some car trouble the other day. My car wouldn't start and I didn't know why. \ What did you do?
Luckily I had Triple A membership. They came out and jumped my car and said I need a new battery. Glad I was prepared for this! \ Did you buy a new battery?
I am very pleased with the work Trump has done. \ Yeah, I really liked those hunting trophies he got. We should be allowed to kill any animals we see!
I was talking about him as president. \ Oh I was thinking of his son. I don't know much about the Donald besides the Twitter stuff.
Have you ever had escargot? \ No, that's a little too expensive for me.
I had it one a cruise once. Don't waste your money. Its gross \ It's snails, isn't it? Why would anyone want to eat that is beyond me.
I have never been more appalled in my life, my husband stole money out of MY bank account and then tried to cover it up! \ That is terrible. What was it for?
Jerk is cheating on me and wants to take his side piece on vacation. \ Now That's a no no. Kill him
So my father has done some dumb things. He missed a soccer game once and i was just not happy with him. \ Sorry to hear that.  Do you play soccer
Not anymore, I play Hockey more which he would show up to those games. \ Oh cool.  Maybe he was more of a hockey fan
He is honestly \ How long have you been playing
Before I sucked at talking to girls...now I'm getting numbers left and right \ Yeah when you break that fear from asking life gets A LOT better.
For sure. Are you female or male \ I am a male so it was hard at first to do that since most girls do want some assertive guys.
I've been reluctant to confront my mother on her stealing my money. I know what she's doing is wrong but she is mother after all. \ Oh wow. I have no advice there.
I've been stuck between a rock and hard place. I've been very apprehensive and don't know what to do. \ Maybe you should calming ask about it. 
I'm going shopping tomorrow! yay \ What are you planning on buying? 
ACtually Im going with my mom. She always buys whatever I want  \ You self-entitled brat! Just kidding, your mother loves you
I am ready for the winter storms. \ Storms? Why?
The winter storm that comes every year. \ Everything closes when we get an inch of snow in the south. 
I am so nervous for next weekend. \ What is this weekend?
I'm meeting my boyfriend's parents \ Have you met them before?
I can't stop thinking about when Christmas will be here. I love how New Years comes right after that. \ I am waiting for Halloween. Its my favorite.
Wow, I forgot about that too. All the girls and their outfits, oh baby. \ Lol. I do themes with me and my kids. Then I eat all of their candy
I love when my mom invites me places \ That's awesome. You guys sound very close!
We are. I don't know what I'd with out her.. and her wallet lol \ That is so messed up lol
I am very amazed about how great the circus was. \ Oh yeah? I heard the circus had to close recently. What is your favorite part?
The big ending with the elephants. \ Elephants are pretty cool. I wonder if they actually like peanuts?
Yesterday I got my car washed. I was pulling out of the car wash and a bird nailed my hood with its mess. \ Did you clean it again?
Yeah I was really ticked off but luckily the car wash said I can get another wash for free. That made me feel better. \ That was nice of them.
I can't believe I got accepted to school \ Congratulations
Thank you, studying business! \ Well that a good thing to study too
Did you go to school yourself, or no? \ Im in school now for psychology. ITs so boring
I really miss being a kid \ What do you miss most about being a kid?
Not caring about anything but having fun lol \ Just relaxing and playing?
My birthday is tomorrow \ How old will you be?
35. I wish I was having a party, but I'm going out with friends. \ Maybe they will party at your house after.
I am shocked the Red Sox beat the Yankees today. \ They did? I've never seen a baseball game lol
You should watch it, its a great sport. \ There are some real die har fans I miaght have to check it out
I am pleased that I got to meet Donald Trump. \ I don't believe you.
Why? He is the man. \ How did you get the opportunity to meet him?
I can't wait until tomorrow. It's going to be lit!! \ What will be lit?
The event, duh. My friend are coming over and we are going to drink...water and read the bible together. \ That sounds boring.
I was 26 when I had my first child - that was a very scary experience.  I'm actually surprised we went on and had another one! \ That is scary! As a 26 year old I cannot imagine actually having kids at this age. I'd be running around like a chicken
Well, unfortunately I got HELLP syndrome and basically my organs started shutting down - they had to do an emergency c-section and I was in the hospital over a week. \ That's rough! I'm glad you're ok now (I hope), but that must have been really traumatic 
My car broke down on the side of the road in the country \ Oh no!  Did you have a cell phone or did anyone come out to help you?  I literally hate car problems.
I had a cell phone but no coverage. But, luckily, I packed tools in the back years ago for situations like these, so I was able to repair it myself! \ Oh great!  I do not have that kind of knowledge at all - maybe you could come with me on the next road trip - LOL!!  
My friend bought a new mobile. \ What kind did they get?
It's Iphone. But he is earning less than me. \ Are you a bit jealous?
My daughter went shopping for her school clothes without me for the first time \ It's sad actually. But be happy she become independent.
I know. I think she is going to do fine \ Yeah, let her free.
My husband really did a number on me when he proposed to me - I was completely not expecting it! \ That's crazy! I hope to propose one day. Congratulations!
We went to Disney - it was our first real vacation together.  He proposed at Chef Mickey's with all my favorite Disney characters!!!! \ That's great! Disney is a wonderful place to go. I actually live near The Magic Kingdom!
I recently went on a trip with a woman I adore. The trip ended poorly, though, and things have not been the same since. \ I hate to hear that, what happened that made it end poorly?
We did not capitalize well on the short amount of time that we had together. \ maybe you can plan another trip together soon - sounds like you guys need some time to reconnect and just truly enjoy each other.
I wish I never lied to my dad. \ I'm sure you had a good reason. What was it about?
About my test score at school. \ Why would you lie about that? It couldn't have been that bad? 
Ugh! I looked like such a fool at my girlfriend's work party!  \ What happened?
Well, I ended up having way too much to drink. One of her co-workers had a bottle of Fireball (gross I KNOW) and was making everybody do shots. I didn't want to look foolish, so I had... well too many. \ I love Fireball.
Recently, a person cut in front of me in line at the grocery store. \ Ugh, that is so annoying. Did you say anything?
Yes, I told him to go to the back of the line.  I was so upset about it. \ Good, maybe he'll learn not to be a jerk next time.
I recently graduated college, I'm so glad I finally got it done! \ Congratulations!  What do you plan on doing?
Next stop is hopefully pharmacy school. Okay, maybe not completely done. \ That is a great goal to set for yourself.
My cat constantly jumps on my keyboard even though I put him on the other side of the room \ Did you try taken him to a specialist to help with that?
Nope, but I really should. It constantly keeps me from getting anything done, and if I put him in another room he just meows really loudly \ Did you try closing your room?
Today, it is rainning because of that I can't get out. It is boring. \ Rainy days are boring, but I do like the sound of them. It's calming in a way
I don't like too much rainy days. \ Yea, it is better in moderation. That's true
what? \ Who?
My son and I went to the beach and had a near death experience. We almost drowned as we got sucked in to an under tow \ That's terrifying. I refuse to swim in the ocean. Too scary.
Yes, it was terrifying indeed!  We were swimming just fine when all of a sudden a big wave sucked us under and spit us out into a deep section. We were seperated and out of breathe.  I surely thought this was the end for both of us.  \ Glad you are both safe.
So the other day I was behind a guy on a two lane road that was going 10 miles under the speed limit. We approached a light that turned yellow. He floored it and I got stuck at the red light. So mad. \ Well, at least you followed the law and didn't end up running a red light.
I guess I got that going for me. I wouldn't have hit the red light if he had been going the speed limit though! \ Yes, Better safe than sorry I guess.
Do you watch POWER? \ no , but i heard about it in commercials 
I didn't think it was going to be as good as it is. You should check it out \ i will try on do this asap , dude yesterday i forgot to pay some money i owed my friend, i felt kinda of ashamed 
tell me about it \ i got payed , went shopping ate dinner, then my friend messaged me asking for his money .... i had totally forgot about this
i did not feel good at all of what had happened  \ Well, maybe your friend will understand.
i apologized and he was cool about it , i just felt like a bad friend for forgetting on pay day no less \ I know how you feel.
MY daughter is finnaly fully potty trained! \ That is a great accomplishment!
Yes. She doesn't even need my help anymore. Its bittersweet \ Yeah, kids grow up so fast!
I was driving in a parking lot and someone stole my parking spot. \ That makes me mad
Yeah, I was really upset about it but didn't cause a scene. \ Some people should be more considerate
I just moced out of the city. \ Where did you move to?
Just to the suburbs, but its a log drive. I miss my friends already \ Im sorry.. I moved once from MD to FL so I know how you feel being without your peeps.
I am so nervous.  I have a blind date coming up. \ Oh. That's kind of exciting though
Sorta.. Im just really nervous! \ Well be yourself. If it doesnt work out, think of it as practice!
I cooked a relly nice breakfast this morning \ Hey great! What did you eat?
I made eggs, backon, sausage, and french toast. I only made it for myself and not my kids though \ It is good to just treat yourself sometimes!
Well they wouldnt go to bed last night so I coooked while they were asleep. I feel bad about it now. \ Oh don't feel bad! We need to treat ourselves sometimes!
Our family has been really sad. We recently lost our 23 year old niece. \ Thats terrible.
She had been sick for a bit.  She had something called encephalitis. \ I have heard of that. 
It is like and infection in the brain.  It came on pretty sudden though. \ I'm so sorry for your loss.
MY kids are still sleep at noon on a Saturday! \ Oh, I remember those days.
I kept telling them to go to bed last night. I was going to take them out today, but they didnt listen. \ Are you going to punish them for it?
I went to Wendy's and the cashier overcharged me.   \ What did you do?
I noticed after the fact.  I was so upset about it. \ I have had that happen a few times.
My son is so energetic. I miss when he was a little baby. \ Why is he 2 now?
he is 3. He just loves to climb and jump. He never sits still \ It won't last much longer.  Before you know it he will be grown up and married.
So yeah, its Saturday night and I am just sitting here chillin...  \ By yourself?
yep.. Just me and my dog..No work to do.. just relaxing \ Well you should enjoy it
I ordered a nice breakfast for me and my kids today. \ That sounds nice.  What did you get?
Not what I ordered! Everything was wrong and it ruined our special day. \ That is terrible.  I am so sorry
I am pretty thankful to have family living close \ I wish my family lived close. You are lucky
I do feel lucky.. I am sorry that your family isn't as close \ We see each other once a year.
We are having our family reunion this weekend. It should be a lot of fun \ I love family reunions.
I'm gald we are doing it because we didn't have one last year. I proud that we can overcome our difference and hang out. \ Thats great. Where did you meet?
My dad's side of my family. \ That's great. Where did you meet?
This city has become so boring \ How so? Just used to the way things are?
I think so. I feel like I have done everything and I am so alone \ Oh no, are there things you could do outside of your comfort zone? Things you never considered before?
My wife got a promotion yesterday! \ That's awesome.
I know, I couldn't be more happy for her. She put a lot of work into her job \ That's great. I hope she likes the new position.
I am so nervous about tomorrow. \ Why are you so nervous?
I am meeting my girlfriends parents. \ Okay, I totally understand your feelings.
My son recently graduated from high school. \ That's great. What is he doing now?
He is preparing for college.  I am so happy about it! \ That's even more awesome. I hope he does well.
I was just sitting here going through old photo albums.. looking at family photos.  A bit sad.. but fun.. \ I do that a lot. 
I kind of miss having photo albums.. the internet sure has changed how we do things. \ Aint that the truth!
I look forward to our family reunion every year. \ thats cool that you have one every year.
Well this year was terrible. There was a big fight over the food! It was so stupid \ That could be fun!
My company will give us a bonus because the quarter was good. I am happy. \ That's great. I've never gotten a bonuse at work.
I am planning to use it for a trip with my family. That will be great. \ I just went on a vaction with my kids. Its was so relaxing. Have fun
I have worked so hard in school lately. \ Are you tired?
I am. I can't wait til its over! \ I understand. Taking some rest is important.
I cheated on my taxes last year. \ Did you get caught?
No, but I feel really guilty about it. \ Don't feel too bad.  Its not like the government gives you money once a year.
I went out and stocked up on storm supplies yesterday.  \ Oh no, is there a storm approaching?
With all the rain the east coast has had I want to make sure I am ready for any storm that may come my way \ That is a very good idea.
If my upstairs neighbor wakes me at 3am again I think I'll explode! I get that she has to go to work, but why not get organized the night before for goodness sake?! \ I know the feeling.
You too, huh? How do you nicely ask someone to shut up? Yelling at that time of day just wouldn't be right. \ Leave a note on their door. and at the end put "thanks in advance" lol
Nice idea, but I don't think subtlety is their strong point - they'd be liable to make even more noise, lol. \ Well, you can at least try. 
I guess I could. Or I could just move. Still mad though! \ You could get earplugs lol
I think all of my friends are just around for my money. \ I'm sure they're not - what makes you think that?
They never pay for anything and always look to me when the bill comes. \ Perhaps next time the bill arrives, say something like, "ok, so that's $25 each" and take out $25 and put it on the table. They may take the hint.
I passed all of my classes last semester. That's a first. \ Congrats! That is great!
I know. I am so happy \ That is definitely  something to be proud of.
My son always used to be a really good student. \ What happened?
He is more worried about having a social life it seems. He failed 2 classes last semester. \ Sometimes when kids are young they don't get the importance of school
Im a little nervous.. I just finished my online class and the grades are still not up yet. \ That can be nerve wrecking.
I know the waiting is making me crazy \ Do you think you did well?
I'm leaving for college soon. I have never been so far from home alone. \ How far are you going?  What school?
I am going to NYU. I got a full scholarship \ Way cool!  Congratulations!  Should be a great experience
The test was so hard, but I think I got a good grade! \ I hope you get a good grade. Were you well prepared?
I studied so much the last few nights, gave up going out with friends... \ So, you don't have to worry about it.
One of friend didn't come to my birthday party. \ Aw, that's so sad, I hope you had fun though
I had fun. I was thinking that he was a good friend. He didn't give a reason for not coming. \ At least you had fun, too bad the friend missed out, their loss
I was pretty happy to find out I was having a girl \ Oh cool!  How pregnant are you?
I had her 7 months ago \ Ohhhh so you already had her!  Congratulations!
I am so mad.. My husband wont stop playing his video game. \ That would be annoying.  How about meeting up with a friend or something?
I am so mad.. my husband wont stop playing his video game \ I’m sorry. What are you going to do?
I listened to a song the other day that reminded me of the past. \ What song was it?
Glycerine by Bush. It made me feel odd, like I was in the past.  \ I've never heard of it, is it from the 80's?
I think I get it from my mom. She would never open the door for uninvited guests. \ What do you get from your mom?
Being bothered by uninvited guests \ I don't like uninvited guests either! So annoying!
I used to not like dramas because they were too emotional \ I like being emotional
Well I have watched likt 10 this week. They can really move you \ I bet.  Its probably cheaper than therapy though!
I feel horrible. I did something bad.  \ What did you do?
 I put an empty envelope in the collection basket at church. \ Lol. I've done that before.
Wow so I don't feel as bad now.. TY lol \ Sometimes we don't have it. God knows.
I recently spent a couple of restless days awaiting the results of a skin biopsy.  I had a weird mole come up out of nowhere. \ I am sorry to hear that. I hope the results will be good.
I got them back yesterday, and it was good news.  No cancer! \ It is good new.
I went to visit my family for four weeks. Now that I am back home, I feel lonely. \ I would imagine so.  It is difficult to be away from family for long.
I will try get out with friends to feel less lonely. \ That would probably do the trick.  If not, video call your family to touch base more often?
I  am pretty certain I will be able to afford a vacation for my family  \ Thats awesome.  Where are you wanting to go?
I am not sure yet.  Somewhere really fun for the kids \ I live near Disney.. have you ever been?
So yeah.. I am taking care of my mom now. \ That can be stressful. Is she ok?
Just old... its just.. NOT fun at all. \ I’m so sorry to hear that. 
I won 20$ off a lottery ticket this morning. Didn't expect it to be honest! \ Wow, that rocks!
I know! I was very surprised. \ I love winning things.  It just makes the whole day perfect, lol.
Awhile back, our whole household was awoken by someone kicking hard at our front door. \ Was it an intruder?
No, it was my drunk cousin, lol.  She had tried knocking and we didn't hear her. \ What a surprise haha
I love spending time and helping out my grandma \ That's kind of you
She is so fun to be around too \ I bet she really appreciates you
I can't wait for the movie Venom to come out! It's going to be awesome. \ When does it come out?
October 5 \ What is it about?
My aunt had just lost her husband and was very upset. \ Wow, that sucks.
I decided to go stay with her and keep her company \ That's kind of you to help her through hard times!
I am very ready for my exam tomorrow. I stayed up all night studying. \ I am sure you will do great.
I hope so. I am very prepared for it tomorrow! \ Good luck!
I hated being tagged in photos from the weekend \ Lol. Are you embarrased?
Yes.  I really didn't like the way I looked \ I don't like that either.
So, I saw this guys drop twenty dollars in the store when he got his phone out of his pocket. \ What did you do?
I picked it up and kept. I feel bad. \ That's no good.  Did you get anything good with it?
I got 2 working arms and legs. I am so thankful for that. \ That is something to be grateful for.
I can't imagine being in a wheelchair or having no arms! \ MY boyfriend once said if he ever had to be in a wheelchair he wanted me to kill him. I broke up with him
MY kids are a real blessing \ How old are they?
4 and 5. They calmed me down because I was a real party animal lol \ It's always nice to have a balance in life
A group of students at the university are extorting money from me. I am too afraid to go back to the university. \ I bet you are apprehensive.
I am afraid and scared a lot. \ They sound very selfish trying to blackmail you like that. I would tell the teachers or professors asap
I am perfectly satisfied with having no car. Everything I need is within walking distance. \ I am very content with having no car.
I used to only eat microwaveable food. \ That can be very unhealthy for you but it's so convenient
I know. I have been trying new foods though. I am so glad I did too \ Yeah that stuff is addicting
I am excited for the new Spider-man movie. It comes out October 5th and it has one of my favorite actors, Tom Hardy! \ I love Tom Hardy!
He is such a great actor \ He is. And he is nice to look at too lol
When I was 7 I was always the first to check for gifts under the tree on Christmas Eve.  I was disappointed when there was nothing there...but the next morning woke up to an Xbox 360 \ I have a Xbox 360.
That's cool.  What are your favorite games mine are COD MWII and madden \ I love Madden.
I know I will pass my English class. \ Cool. What makes you so confident
I have studied and know the material. \ Nice. gotta love easy credit when you put in the work
I'm trying my grandma recip for the fist time today. \ What is the dish?
It's dressing. I feel like I'm going to fail already/ \ Maybe she can help you and guide you step by step
I forgot to feed my pets this morning. I feel terrible about it! \ Oh no! 
Yes, they are all angry at me and I feel so guilty \ You had better sleep with one eye open
I get so envious of rich people \ Me too, I like to see them as inspiration
I just want to buy things sometimes lol \ If you work hard enough maybe you can afford in the future!
I am optimistic about the results about my exam test. I think I did well! \ What is the class?
Economics. I am hopeful I did well on it because I studied hard! \ Economics is pretty cool
A really young guy hooked up my cable yesterday. \ Are you a guy too? I bet you were envious of his looks and age hahah
Haha. No I was just impressed that he did such a good job, and so quickly. He was pretty cute too \ Nice, I bet it was super fast!
Going on roller coasters makes me so nervous. I can't stand the feeling in my chest on the comedown. \ I hate them too. I havent been on one in ten years.
Yes, I can't stand them! \ I would be fine if I never rode one ever again
I lost all my money in my bank account due to fraud. I am so broken... \ That's terrible. Won't the bank help you out?
Yes I'm in the process of getting help. I am truly devastated... \ I'm sorry. That really sucks
MY daughter told me last night she wanted a guitar \ Are guitars expensive?
I have no idea. I'm going to get her one for Christmas though. I think she is gonna be a rockatar \ Does she want an acoustic or electric one?
The best shows come on in the fall \ What shows are you referring to?
I love This is Us. I can't wait until it comes back. \ I'll need to check that out!
All my money in my bank got stolen due to fraud and I am so mad... \ That's terrible. Will you be able to get it back?
I hope so. I am so furious that it's taking so long though \ Well at least you will get it back though.
I miss my ex boyfriend. \ how long were u together
5 years. He s a jerk now though lol \ well then maybe you're better off lol
i was upset i woke up so late today \ I did too. Did you go out last night?
nope lol i just stayed up late \ Well I stayed up late too. Drinking beer and playing vidos games lol
I ust got my first apartment and I love it \ Nice, is it expensive?
No, but I didn't think I would be able to handle the bills by myself. I think I'mg doing pretty good though. \ I bet you are so proud of yourself! I need to learn how to be self reliant like you!
I can't wait to start my new job soon, it's going to be awesome! \ Congratulations! What's the job?
Computer Engineer  \ Oooohhh Fancy! lol
I let my daughter go out with her friends today. \ That's nice of you, do you usually let her go out?
I do. But she left her rooma a mess so she won't be going out for a while now. \ My parents usually did that do. If I don't do the chores around the house, I don't get to head out
I went out yesterday with a shirt that had a huge hole in the back. I didn't notice until a stranger pointed it out and I was so humiliated. \ Lol. That sucks
I was so embarrassed hahah \ That has happened to me once or twice.
All of the classes I wanted to take are full \ Dang, that sucks. Did you find another class that is open?
Yeah but they are boring. \ I hate it when that happens.
I am sure I will do well on my test tomorrow. Wish me luck. \ Good luck. What is the class?
It's a drug test \ Lol. Good luck anyway
I think I'm going to get evicted. \ That is terrible.  What can you do?
Well. I painted and I didn't know it was against the rules. Maybe I can paint it the original color and stay. \ I am sure they will work with you.  Don't stress out.
I was so excited to see my kids when they came home \ Aww. That's nice. Did you dosomething special?
They got to go with their grandparents for the weekend \ I wish my parents would get my kids. They are too busy having fun themselves lol
My first dog was a dalmatian. We adopted her and then went right to a soccer game before I even had time to play with her.  \ I love dalmatians.
She was a great dog! That game felt so so long though. I had to watch her sitting with my parents while I played.  \ How old was she.
I wish I was Batman. He is cool. \ He is cool. I would settle for a British butler. Is he your favorite super hero?
Yes not even close. He is the best. \ I really like Batman too, Christian Bale is my favorite Batman. 
So our new manager has changed our bonus structure causing us to never hit bonus.. \ And then what?
Its frustrating when I go from 24 an hour to 10 an hour because of his lies.  \ I understand, that must suck
I had a chance to make some money, but my phone screwed up \ Thats terrible... have you gotten a new phone yet? 
yes i did, but i still can not get that money \ Thats true, but I hope some good luck comes your way soon..
I have never cheated on my wife. \ And thats something you should never do, good on you. 
Yea it hasn't been easy but I am proud I haven't \ What do you mean it hasn't been easy? How close have you come to cheating? 
Job interviews always make me sweat bullets, makes me uncomfortable in general to be looked at under a microscope like that.  \ Don't be nervous. Just be prepared.
I feel like getting prepared and then having a curve ball thrown at you throws you off.  \ Yes but if you stay calm it will be ok.
Recently, i can hear loud noises coming out of my car's engine. It only happens when I accelerate \ Oh no, do you know what's wrong? I hate car problems..
I am really afraid of this being something of big concern. I do not want to spend that much money for now \ Last time my car had problems, I had to spend so much money. It was awful.
I am reluctant to confront my my best friend's girlfriend. I think my best friend is cheating on her... \ You should definitely first talk to your friend and clear out the concerns with him before talking to his partner
I don't know what to do but I'm apprehensive. Should I tell her? \ As I said, first ask your friend why is he behaving in such an unacceptable way
I have a secret.. \ Are you going to tell me?
I hate being in the dark. It terrifies me \ You're not the only one. I am afraid of complete silence. I think I'm about to be murdered.
I can't believe I became on of THOSE people \ Im almost afraid to ask
I can't live without my phone. I know. It's terrible. \ hahaha I am so not one of those people.  I am too old for the technology!
I remember the good ol' days of when I didn't have any responsibilities and I was a kid! \ I know right. I was just talking about that with my friends.
I don't know what to do but I'm apprehensive. Should I tell her? \ tell who what?
Sorry wrong person. I got so many responsibilities now it's stressing me out! \ It's okay. You'll get through it, And yes you should tell her lol
I left my phone outside all night last night \ I hope it didn't rain
It was  in the car. But I didn't even lock the doors. It could have gotten stolen \ Good thing nothing bad happen! I would be so devastated if my phone got stolen like that!
I can't wait for date night \ That sounds awesome!  What are you going to do?
We are going to a fancy restaurant. I bought y husband an apple watch \ That is sweet!
I am praying that I get the part \ What part is that?
In the play at school! \ Is it the lead role?
I heard a banging on my window at 3AM last night. I was terrified on what it was but it turned out to be a tree branch. \ LOL.. You crack me up.  
Lol, I thought it was someone trying to break into my house. I had my shotgun nearby just in case \ What kinda gun do you have?
I feel like blowing a trumpet I am so happy! \ Yay! What made you very happy?
LOLOL.  I got my medical marijuana card in the mail today! \ Oh yeah!!! I need to get my ass to a legal state to get my card too!
My naeighbors are really getting on my nerves. \ That is no good.  What are they doing?
They have been playing loud music all day. \ That is annoying.  Have you thought about talking to them?
5 \ 4
5 \ 7
I am so happy that I found all these old pictures \ What are they pictures of?
Old friends and good times \ Those were the best! weren't they?
I was very sad about someone last night when they chose to ruin all the trust built up over something stupid. \ THat sounds bad.  Are you alright?
Oh yes, they have done this a lot. I was just sad they chose to throw the tiny bit of progress away. They just like to ruin everything that's good, you know? A lot of baggage. \ It sounds like you need soe distance from them
I am a smothering parent. It's terrible \ Are you a helicopter parent?  Do you spin?
No. I miss my kids when they go with their friends lol \ Maybe you have went so long without hanging with your friends you forgot you had them.
I am sooo mad.  I came home and someone burnt a pizza in my oven and left it there. \ OH. That's terrible. 
I know and it was one of those expensive frozen pizzas too... Made my blood boil. \ What is DiGiorno?
I felt very compassionate towards someone I know with a mental illness and how they need a permanent place for a home. \ Did you give them a home?
Not with me as they have not treated me very well and they need therapy etc but they have just had such a hard life and never learned as a child..so I feel bad for them even though they've acted bad. They are staying with my family. I just want them to have a safe home. \ Well that's nice. Every one deserves to be in a safe and loving home.
I get a break from the kids soon. \ Would you like me to take them? :) I like kids, sometimes! I totally understand needing a break
No school is starting lol \ Ah!!! Nice lol Summer went by so fast! Summer for parents now
I recently bought a lotto ticket and won $50! \ That is awesome.  I love gambling.  Was it a scratch off?  Pick 3?
It was a scratch off. I don't normally buy lotto tickets so it's why I'm so excited! Didn't expect it. \ Its awesome... you can win 50-100 often on a 5$ scratch off..
Sooo I just got done packing and I am ready for my trip... \ Cool, where are you heading to?
I am going to Australia..  Going to see kangaroos. \ Oh wow! I always thought kangaroos were really interesting animals!
I am ready for my vacation. \ So exciting! Where are you going again?
I am going to Australia. \ Whoa! That's incredible! I've never even been out of the country. Who are you going with again?
Did I tell you what happened with the concert I was supposed to go to Saturday? \ No, what happened?
Well first of all, it wasn't just any concert - it was Jay-Z and Beyonce! AND IT GOT RAINED OUT!  \ Thats horrible. Will they reschedule?
I am so excited to go to the park with the kids today \ That sounds like fun! What kind of park is it?
We are going to a really big park that is the kids favorite and we will have a picnic \ Great! Make sure to pack sunscreen. Hot here where I am
I was in despair that someone ruined everything over nothing. They continue to ruin their life and everyone's around them. \ That sounds terrible.  What can you do?
Not much. If someone wants to destroy themselves and everything that is ever good, you just hope they stop. All you can do is put boundaries up and try not to let their crap take you down too. \ I definitely agree you need to set up the boundaries.  Make sure you keep that up for the sake of everyone involved.
I was super grossed out when I left some noodles in the sink last night and today there were maggots. I about vomited. Fly summer :/ trying everything! \ I had to buy a fruit fly trap this summer as well.  But as soon as I set it up they stopped flying around.
I have sticky traps and keep things cleaned with bleach and lemon. I need to put lime in the yard and see if that helps. It's like they get in ANY crack everyday! So gross!  \ I feel your pain.. I really do!
I was so nervous taking my dog to the vet today... \ Oh lord, I hate the vets! What happened?
He had an infection in his eye and had to get medicine.  I was just scared because I had a dog go blind before. \ Oh man! You know some meds can cause that. Look in too Similasan. They have one that prevents cataracts etc. Expensive ingredients but some are the some from people and dog meds for cataracts/dry eye etc.
I really enjoy sitting outside on a nice cool day, watching my kids play in the yard. \ That sounds great.  What do they like to do in the yard?
They love playing on their playground and swinging around their toy swords! Slaying dragons and saving princesses! \ THat is so sweet.  I hope the weather stays nice
I can't wait to get on the road \ Going for a road trip?
Yes for the firt time in years \ Awesome, sounds like fun! I hope you have a safe trip.
Facebook showed me the old pic from 9 years ago! Hard to believe so much time passed. It made me a bit sad in remembering my cats who have passed. it was a pic of my cat. \ Aww, how cute. Do you miss playing with your cat?
No. I just miss her and many of them. \ It's alright. Your cat is somewhere up in heaven.
I got hired for my dream job at apple! I can't wait to start! \ Holy goodness! That's so cool. What will you do there?
I will help design the new iphones. It's going to be so much fun! \ Oh my god! That's something to be proud of, congrats!
Welp.. I am a little nervous about going back to school this year.  \ What are you going to school for? Online or in person?
I am a teacher.. in person.. Starting at a new school.. an alternative school. \ Oh that is tough! Oh man, especially at an alternative one. Make sure you do a lot of self care and don't take stuff too personally from kids :)
I was super sad yesterday when someone I know ruined the little bit of trust I had in them.  \ What did that do.. 
I allowed them back in too rebuild..and they ruined it again. So I really don't know if I'll ever let them back in again. \ I am sorry that someone did that to you..
I was really upset when I heard my best friend lied to me \ I know how you feel. I hate lairs.
The worst part is I don’t like to confront her when she lies because the denial is just ridiculous \ But you have to do it otherwise you wont be able to trust her.
Yesterday was my day off and I spent the whole day in bed looking at the ceiling. My friends and family didn't even call or check up on me. \ I am sorry you are feeling like this.  Maybe you should reach out to someone
It's like they only call me when they need something. The only friend I have is myself. \ I am sorry that you are going through this
I am super frustrated that someone I know keeps ruining their life. \ That's unfortunate.  Especially when there's nothing you can do to stop it.
Yep! They keep repeating the same bad mistakes to destroy everything, anytime anything good happens. \ It can be a vicious cycle. I've seen it before.
I lost my keys at a bar last night.  \ Oh man! Are they car keys as well?
Yep.  and it gets worse.   Apparently sometimes people will steal keys,  then come back and steal your car after you leave, according to the bar tenders.  So I got my truck towed home.  And... no house keys..  \ Oh my god! Well please get ALL your locks changed. The car will be more difficult however hopefully they have no idea where you live so you should be ok.
Yeah, it was super exciting.... and I wasn't calling my mom (she has an extra key) to come unlock my house at 3am either. so I 'slept' on back porch. \ Oh god! How did you get in finally, did you contact your mom?
I am very anxious this weekend as someone I was trying to fix a relationship with is acting up again.  \ That is very difficult. I wish you will find a solution.
Well..the only solution is not talking to them however that is hard too. I just get a lot of anxiety about what they will pull next because they usually do pull something. \ I understand. Take it easy.
I am waiting my exams results. I wish I will have good grade. \ What are you studying?
I am studying IT. \ Oh great! That has a lot of jobs. I hope you did well!
I can't wait to be off work \ Tell me about it! I think about getting off as soon as I walk in!
It is so boring.  At least I am getting paid I guess \ Yeah. A job is better than no job, I suppose.
A friend of mine spent all night partying instead of staying home to study. He ended up failing an important exam! \ That is no good.  I bet he regrets it!
I sure hope so! I warned him about going out drinking too often. Maybe this will teach him. \ I hope so that is frustrating. 
My new foster dog finally run around last night. She has been very abused and starved but is so young.  \ Aww, that is so sad to hear. I'm glad that she has a good home now, though!
Thanks! I didn't know how long it would take her to get better or if she would recover quickly from her abuse. A week in- and loads of progress! \ That's amazing! I wish more people were willing to do what you're doing to help out our furry friends!
I'm really thinking about switching jobs, but I'm not sure if I should. \ What are the pros of switching jobs?
Well, my current job is really hard on my body since it's really physical. The other job is much easier, but less pay. \ Well actually desk jobs are much harder on my body and can be really bad for your back and hips etc, if it's a desk job? Well if you are getting older you might want to start saving up, have a side hustle and maybe think about it? Less pay but more peace, health and time is always worth it :)
I always feel loyality is the strongest thing in a relationship. \ I agree completely.
My girlfriend makes me so happy just why would i want to destroy that. \ Where did you meet her?
I really enjoyed IT, I was surprised. \ The movie or Information Technology?
The movie. It was really good. \ I liked it a lot too, Can't wait for the next part of it.
Last night my new dog finally played! She was so starved and abused but she is so young! \ I also have a dog that was starved when she was young! She is so afraid of everything even to this day, but she's almost 8!
Yes! I have some who don't ever get over the abuse (just like people) but this gal-  I didn't think she knew how to play or was just very docile but she took of running with my boxer when he ran and even mouthed him in play! \ What breed of dog is she and how old? That's so awesome! Dogs are so resilient and it can teach us a lot about how we should live our own lives.
She is a pitbull mix..low rider- SO docile and sweet..I thought she might be pregnant but no- She sticks right to me leg everywhere. Good with all my pets! She is under a year old :( \ Awesome! Mine is also a pitbull mix! I call her my little bunny in pitbull form! They are the best dogs ever.
We recently got 9 chicks and we've been having to work on making them a coop! I had to do so much research but I think we finally have a place that they'll enjoy living when they aren't able to free range. \ OHH! I Love chickens ! I have always wanted some. I have a duck! lol- What kind of chickens are they?
We currently have 2 Australorps, 3 Rhode Island Reds, 3 Barred Plymouth Rocks, and 1 Welsummer, but 4 of the 9 ended up being roosters. Ugh! \ Oh man! They fight sometimes. I hope they aren't too bad about waking you up in the morning. Chickens can be very sweet though!
Well someone I am thinking of working things out with talked about coming over on Sunday. I felt really uncomfortable with that because they haven't done enough to build back enough trust with me yet.  \ Maybe you should be straight with him?  That’s the only thing that will make it good in my opinion. 
I always am but I just have to word things in a good way..however lo and behold..they acted up and made the decision for me anyway.  \ I know the type.  There are better people out there that you just have to be patient for. 
I  am so glad I get to see my cousins this weekend \ Were you all best friends as children?
We were close but we didn’t get to see each other more than twice a year \ Oh geez, that's hard! I am glad you get to see them again. treasure such moments!
I've been going to the gym for the last 3-4 years and haven't missed a single workout. \ Now that's dedication!
Oh yeah. Being dedicated and consistent is what will get you the furthest when it comes to fitness! I feel great! \ Keep it up. One day you might appear in a fitness magazine. 
The other day I got on a roller coaster for the first time, and I almost pooped my pants because we were so high up. \ Oh wow, now that's funny! I've only been on one roller coaster and it was rather small, but I loved it!
This roller coaster was one of the biggest in the world and i'm not good with heights. \ Oh wow! I'd love to go on a much larger coaster than the one I road. But it might be scarier than I imagine.
I found a gift card I forgot I had in a drawer! \ I love that when that happens! What is it for?
Its for a restaraunt here in town.  So i've got a couple of free meals  \ Love that! Glad you found it
I felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing, I didn't think she knew how. \ Yeah, dogs have to learn how to play.  Kinda funny you don't always consider that.
I do, but she was really abused before and was so docile and quiet..some never do learn normal animal behavior..I have rehabilitated many. \ It depends on how young they are.  I have a rescue that was abused but she was real young.  She snapped out of it.
hello how has your day been going \ I'm great how are you doing?
ive been feeling better since i just got payed , been a little bummed \ What's wrong?
I am so happy that my daughter is doing so much better in school \ thats great to hear , getting along better with the other students ?
That is actually a problem.  This boy has really been harassing her \ Thats awful , i hate bullying have you told the principle ?
I have just talked to the counselor recently \ what did they advice , any martial arts schools around your area, maybe start your kid in it
I couldn't believe I got flowers at work \ Do you know who sent them?
My boyfriend sent them \ Awesome, was there any special occasion?
A found a box of my old toys from when I was a kid. \ I bet that was fun to look through
It was cool, I got to see a bunch of stuff I haven't looked at in decadews. \ That would be cool.  Are you going to keep them?
I am waiting my exams results. I am sure that I passed the exams. \ i hope that you did well on them
I was well prepared. I am pretty sure that I did well. \ thats great
i couldnt believe how good my nephew is at little league \ How old is he?
8! \ They are still cute at this age and they make a lot of progress.
The other day I was on a date with a beautiful women and I accidentally spilled wine on her dress. \ Oh no! Well hopefully she wasn't too upset, then you'll know how her character is :)
She hasn't returned any of my calls. I feel horrible. \ Oh no! Well, honestly if she can't deal with one mistake, then it's no good anyhow. But maybe it was something else. Sometimes people just don't click.
I am angry with how my neighbors talk to their dogs. \ I can't stand people who treat animals horribly.
They yell at them everytime they go outside for the MINUTES they are out there and they get harassed the whole time until they don't want to get off the porch..then they get yelled at more! I rehabilitate dogs from such issues..and this gal is GIVING them complexes! \ I hope you call the cops on them, so they can go to jail for animal abuse.
I am super OVER the people who litter on the outside of my lawn everyday.  \ I understand. Did you catch some of them in action?
No, they don't do it when I am out there. I don't know what to do with how upset I get at picking up everyone elses trash. \ That is bad. I would have the same feeling if I was in your situation.
I miss the time when I was young and I can do a lot of sport. \ I hear you! How old are you? As we get older, all kinds of stuff doesn't work the same
I am 50 years old. I was a sport addict. I was loving that. \ Try keto and fasting, or find a diet like RAW and you will be amazed at your energy and strength again!
I can't believe how much work my boss is able to do every day without getting tired out or slowing down! \ Some people have incredible energy and drive! 
It's amazing to watch! It's one of the few occasions where you can just watch a person and understand WHY they have the position they're in! \ True! Often managers do not deserve that role. I am glad he does!
I was totally grossed out by a guy who threw his nasty cup of something out the window on the EXPRESSWAY. \ Oh my god, I HATE when people do that! That stuff can land on someone's windshield!
Oh, lol. IT DID! On mine. It hit our windshield and almost made us get in an accident. \ Wow, that's horrible! I would have been so pissed.
I am ready for school to start. \ Me too! When do you start school?
In August, when do you? \ August as well.  What are you studying?
I am so mad at my son.  \ What did he do?
I asked him three times today to do his chores and they still aren't done.  I don't know what I have to do to make him listen. \ Did you try to bribe him?
I was really hurt when my boyfriend moved away.  \ Oh my goodness! Why did he move away?
He always wanted to move out of state and I am unable to \ Are you all still together? Long distance can be hard but honestly absence makes you love them even more!
I have a neighbor who sits outside all day and it's across from my backyard so I can't sit and relax and watch the birds. \ How come you can sit also?
He is crazy/mental illness that is not taken care of and he yells over a lot. Even some nasty things. The police don't care. \ That’s too bad
I get to babysit for my nephews \ That is nice. Babysitting kids is sometime nice.
Especially my sweet nephews in my opinion \ How old are they?
I have knee problems and a coworker don't stop making jokes the way I am walking. He making very angry each time. \ That is terrible.  How do they get away with it?
There is no HR department. It is a small company. \ I am sorry you have to deal with that
Today has been uneventful but, I got a lot of errands done. \ That is always good! Errands can be a pain!
These weren't too bad.  I'm all done now though. \ I am glad you got some things done! Now you can rest
My mom lost some of her teeth in a car accident and full coverage car insurance NEVER covers them. \ I guess I never  thought about weather or not car insurance covers your own injuries too
They cover most things but they cut her off from help after a year and had a bad doctor say she was FINE but she has a brain injury.. So SURE- Insurance companies can be very corrupt..However..I got her some fake moldable plastic teeth that will help her feel confident until she can afford teeth. They cost a FORTUNE. \ Yeah they're really expensive. 
my weeks been going great at work , how about yourself ? \ It's been a mix of a rollercoaster lol.
mine also , ive hated this job forever since they will never make me a full timer , and out the blue they offered me assistant manager \ Wow! Are you going to stay now?
Honestly im just gonna take it for the experience and eventually quit, im still salty it took this long for a promotion \ I understand! I would be too! 
I felt really happy last night when my abused dog started running around and playing! \ That is great, what was wrong with the dog, how was it abused 
She was starved and I don't know what else besides being bred and being quite young. So starved she was quite aggressive about food at first and so tired..I could see her hip bones. \ That is absolutely awful to hear, poor dogs don not deserve to be mistreated in such ways , im happy the dogs better 
I was pretty shaken up from the scary movie \ Me also when I was young.
I was an adult this time. I kind of surprised myself \ I understand
I was expecting some help from a coworker but he didn't keep his word. Before, I held him in high esteem. Not anymore. \ That is disappointing. I am sorry
He asked me to help him then he will help in return. I helped him but it was his turn... \ Have you tried talking to them?
Yesterday was my first time at a karaoke bar. I started to get all tense when my friends kept telling my I should go on stage to perform. \ I feel you! I don't like to perform in front of people either. Did you decline?
No, I ended up going through with it. I was worried that they would boo me at first because my singing is horrible, but I guess everyone was too drunk to care. \ Oh you can be as bad as you want there, it just matters if you're having fun :)
I am sad some people I like are such bully's to others. It's a real big turn off.  \ I hate bullies, but they usually get what's coming to them.
Unfortunately life is unfair and I don't see that happen a lot. Just sad when someone you liked is such a mean person. When will people learn you can disagree with someone else without ripping them apart? \ I know how you feel. Sometimes you just have to show them the error of their ways. If not karma will catch up with them.
My friend fell on hard times, so I let him borrow my brand new car so he can get to work. \ That is incredibly kind of you, I hope he is a good driver :)
I'm confident he will take good care of it! We have been friends for a long time so I know him well. \ You are a great friend! We all need help at some point
The other week it sounded like a bomb went off. I am in a very dangerous city, so you never know here. Between the gunshots and fireworks..AND fire balls..it's hard to tell! \ Oh wow! I'd be afraid to go outside! I hope you are able to stay safe!
I try! Having a fenced in yard helps but I worry about stuff at night. It's like vampire city here \ That sounds very scary. Ever thought of moving?
yes but that takes money. Saving up! \ I wish you luck! I really hope you can get out of there soon.
I wish there will be more opportunities at work to make more money \ I hear you! Have you thought about starting a side business?
Definitely working on that.  Good idea! \ great! there are SO many opportunities out there with the internet
I am super proud of my little dog. She is sharing her space with a big gal dog who was really abused.  \ That is very nice of him to welcome that poor dog
Typically she doesn't like female dogs but she seems to sense she was abused and needs love right now. \ That is really cool.  good on you for welcoming them
I just got payed yesterday , so i finally bought new clothes and went out to eat with some friends \ Payday is fantastic! What kind of clothes did you buy?
Just some khaki shorts , and running nike shorts since its so hot outside, nothing huge since all my bills are due next week \ Do you ever use poshmark or mercari? Those are good for deals. Sounds like you got some nice stuff! Payday is always a fun day
when i was little i wanted to grow up , now that im grown up all my bills leave me broke and bummed lol \ I SO HEAR YOU! lol! Being grown up has it's perks but it's not as great as we thought it would be with all the responsibilities. We ARE the mom and dad now ha
I am very irritated with people who want to make everyone else miserable when they are. \ i freakin  hate that, like dude be sad or mad on your own dont take it out on your family, friends , or co workers 
WHOA! That's EXACTLY what I say- if you want to be miserable fine..but I don't want to be, so don't take me down with you! Do it to yourself. \ Exactly great minds think alike , that is always so annoying as hell 
I will never give up on my family \ That is good to hear! Are there any issues?
My son is going through a tough time nad ,aking really bad decisions unfortunately \ Oh lord :( I have a partner doing the same thing and he feels more like a son a lot. That must be so hard. Being a parent is the HARDESt job ever. I am so very sorry. I hope he snaps out of it soon.
I was very apprehensive about someone coming to my house this weekend.  \ How come you were worried about it?
Because I have been working on trust with this person and it's just at the beginning. I felt very uncomfortable and like I would be stepping back in too old patterns". \ It sounds like it might be time to consider moving on without them
My husband brought me a birthday present last month that I was very excited to receive \ What did he buy you?
An iPhone 8!  I sooo needed a new one, I've been using a 5 for years and it would barely hold a charge.  I really like the 8. \ I have an iphone7.
I wish I was Elon Musk. \ I've heard his net worth is like $20.9 billion dollars!!  I wish I was him too - LOL!
Yes and started SpaceX. \ If I were to travel to Mars, it would be with him!
 love getting together with my brother and reminiscing about when we were younger \ Things were much simpler when we were kids. You are your brother must have a close relationship.
We do but we don’t see each other often enough \ I'm sorry to hear that. I guess it makes the times you do see each other even more special!
I really needed to fart and so I let one out down a grocery isle while shopping thinking I was alone, but I wasn't! \ Oh no!  Was anyone around?
Someone was right behind me! And I'm pretty sure they heard it, because they made a funny face. \ That is no good. I bet that was embarrassing. 
I was eating at the Mcdonalds when someone who smell very bad sat behind me. The smell was so bad that I was going to throw up. \ That's disgusting. Did you move to another table?
I couldn't finish my lunch. I throwed everything in the trash and left. \ That's awful.  Some people are disgusting.
My aunt died. \ I am sorry to hear that. How are you feeling now?
Pretty crappy at the moment.  \ I understand. It is tough.
I found 5 packs of gluten free cookies on clearance at my grocery store yesterday. \ Wow, that doesn't happen very often. Well done. Those things are normally quite expensive, aren't they?
YES! I am intolerant of gluten and just want to die when I am on it, so it's always a good day when I can find cheap food that is also good for me! I am easily pleased lol. I love clearance stuff! \ Me too. Clearance is the first place I head for in the store! It must be so difficult to be gluten intolerant - seems as if there's gluten in everything these days.
Oh there is :( I do eat it now and again but it seems to really screw up my weight loss and digestion so I try never to get near it. They have great gluten free alternatives but yep they are all expensive.  \ Something I found which helped me lots was to eat e.g. bread made from organic wheat. So long as I don't overindulge I'm fine - fingers crossed.
Organic helps me a lot as well but unfortunately most things that are gluten free are NOT organic and I am so sensitive to pesticides- Trying to find my way around that, I am also on Keto (low carb-...So my diet is hard some days !lol \ Boy, you are having a tough time. Someone suggested buying imported pasta from Italy as the wheat doesn't have the same pesticides sprayed on it as us wheat. Dunno if it works tho'.
I'm seeing my orthopedic surgeon soon and he'll tell me if he can operate on my hip. I so hope he says yes, but the suspense is killing me! \ Oh man! What happened to your hip?
I fell and fractured it two years ago. My then surgeon botched the operation and I have to use a walker to get around. If this new guy can do something I could walk properly again! \ Oh my god..I had doctors really mess me up too. I am in a lawsuit. Have you thought about contacting an attorney?
From what I've read, unless it's a class-action lawsuit my chances are practically nil. The surgeon'll just lawyer up. What happened to you? \ If it's medical malpractice actually you can get a good amount. Mine is still in talks, it's only been 6 months. Medical malpractice lawyers usually take you on for free if they like your case :) You can always try and you won't be charged if you don't win. It's pretty painless..people killed my child and almost me..
Oh dear lord. How unbearably dreadful! I hope that your lawyer takes that creep to the cleaners. Won't bring your baby back but will hopefully ensure he doesn't do it to someone else. \ Thank you! I hear you..I didn't want to do it at first...but it's worth it for her..It's a few people I am suing.including midwives. If it prevents another childs death then its worth it! You should really look in too it, botched surgery and nerve pain can be horrible! I hope you get better!
I was pretty excited to have a night out with the girls \ How long has it been?
It has probably been about 8 months are so \ Whoa! SO needed! What did you guys do?
I was pretty lonely last night as it was Friday \ I am sorry that you had to go through that.  
Oh we all have I am sure :) Thanks. but then the person who is trying to build trust with me acted like a (fill in the blank) and I wasn't so lonely anymore. I remembered why I prefer being alone. \ That is too bad.  It sounds like you need some knew people to surround you
How was your day, anything special going on tonight or later on ? \ You were suppose to start the conversation with a situation based on the context chosen.
Im actually quite pumped for tonight , gonna bbq and watch the ufc fights \ I hope the hit will not be rejected.
I am sometime to afraid to speak in public, for example, during meeting at work. \ im sorry to hear that, i was born with a lot of anxiety so i can somewhat relate
Thanks. I am trying to work on this issue and be able more easily speak in public. \ I honestly started taking cbd oil by charlottes web, and my anxiety went away after a few days of using it 
I found $100 in an old pair of pants. \ OH! That is the best isn't it? What will you do with it?
I haven't decided yet. Maybe buy some new sandals. My old pair broke a couple of weeks ago. \ Oh awesome! It's always nice to have those little surprises in life.
I am hopeful that good things come to those who wait. \ What good thing are you waiting for, exactly?
 I have messed up a lot with relationships in my life..picking the wrong people so I am happier to wait until it is right and I can trust someone. \ I'm sure you'll find someone. 
I logged in too facebook, I do not very often and felt a bit sad that I don't talk to anyone anymore. \ It is good to maintain that contact with people
Yes but I am just not the same peron anymore. I just don't feel like having people around. I had my time of friends and fun and I just prefer to be alone now. \ That is ok sometimes but getting out is important for you too
I am happy to relax on this fine day \ Oh yes, what is the temperature where you are?
It is in the high 70's so it is perfect!  What is it like where you are? \ OH! I love around 70! That is perfect. Oh it's over 80 here, getting a little hot but it will  be nice when it's night time :) Nothing like a good  summer to lift the spirits
I am ready for my wedding. \ That is awesome!  Congratulations!  So, you are prepared for everything that is about to happen?
Yes, I have been working on it every day. \ It sure sounds like you have done everything you can to make the day special!
I was at the pool the other day with my family. It would have been quite relaxing if there wasn't this little kid shooting water on us and bothering us the whole time. \ Did you tell his parents?
No, I couldn't tell who his parents were because the pool was so busy.  We just had to deal with him pestering us for about an hour. \ That must of been no fun, hopefully he won't do it again.
I finally purchased the house of my dreams. We barley finished moving in yesterday. \ Wow , i bet it was a long day of moving, but i can imagine the joy you must feel inside you, congratulations !!!!
Thanks. I did it all by myself too. All that saving finally paid off! \ I used to move furniture for my old job, so i bet it was a lot of heavy lifting, its so exciting to finally have your own place
we have been getting in a lot of christmas freight over the last couple of months at my store, it always brings back a lot of memories of the good old times \ I know, Christmas was the best when we were children. Now that were adults it's not as exciting.
i know its not that exciting , but sometimes i just dwell on the past , and it brings a smile to my face \ Yeah, I used to love waking up in the morning and run downstairs to open my presents.
I have pain in my stomach for about a week now. By reading what is on the internet, I am very worried. \ What is going on?  Have you seen the dr?
I have seen a doctor today. He give me lab tests to do but I am afraid of the results. \ I am so sorry you have to worry about that 
I  am so excited to spend each day with the kids during the summer \ That is nice. Are you planning activities to do with them?
Yes there is apparently a lot of free family activities locally \ That is great
I have a friend who is always complaining. She always has to make it sound like her life is harder than everyone else's.  \ Well maybe it is but it could also just be she's spoiled.
I didn't know her when she was young, so she could be. I think she just likes to be miserable.  \ Does she have like some other issues like mentally?
People caring is good but i will say i have never cared as much for a creature than my first dog. \ I can totally relate. Dogs are better than most people. What kid of dog was it?
He was a Dachshund lived til he was 18. I miss him still.  \ I'm sorry. Dogs take a piece of our hearts when they go. 18 years is a very long life for a dog, I bet you had a lot of great times together!
My best friend will be going to school in another country for 4 years \ which country?
She'll be in England. \ thats cool i bet she will have fun
i feel i will do well on my test next week \ I hope you do! What is the test on?
chemistry! \ Oh man. That was a difficult subject for me after Physics. Are you a science major?
There was a laptop on sale but by the time I got to the store after work, it was sold out. \ That is really a bummer. Have you looked online for it somewhere else?
Yea. They're all over $200 more without the sale. \ That’s no good. 
I love that I can see my friend more now". \ That's awesome. How come you guys didn't get to see each other often before?
She moved away for a couple years  \ Was it for work, school, etc?
I  admire my mom for leaving her job she has been at for a long time. \ Why did she leave?
She hasn’t been treated well there for a really long time \ Does she have another job already?
My pants feel down while at church today. \ Wow that must have been embarrassing. 
Yes, luckily I had my underwear on that day. \ That is so true!
Montreal city have done some major renovation to the downtown area. I very happy with the new improvement. \ That sounds really nice! Does it just look better or is travel better?
It is look better. They made a new park just in front of my office. I can enjoy walking in the park during lunch time. \ That will make getting exercise during or after work a lot easier.
Someone found my wallet and returned to the customer service at the supermarket. All my money was still there. \ That is a very nice person. You are lucky.
I've only ever lost my wallet this one time, and I definitely got luckly. \ I lost my wallet once but didn't find money in it when it was returned to me.
I recently went through some old pictures and it reminded me of childhood. \ Old photos can be so nostalgic. Do you have a favorite memory?
Nothing in particular. Just how easy it was to be a kid compared to now. \ Adult life can definitely be difficult, but we get a lot of freedom now though.
I just got my scores back. Looks like I'm gonna get a 3.8 GPA this semester. \ That's amazing! What are you studying?
I'm in finance. It's pretty interesting so far. \ what kind of job are you hoping to get?
I am blessed to be able to go to New York City for Christmas. \ That sounds amazing!
Yes, I will be staying right downtown. \ It's pretty early to have Christmas planned already. I should get on that as well.
Waiting to hear results on the photo I sent in for the contest. I've seen the other entries, and I think mine has a good chance of winning \ When will you find out?
2 weeks from now. I wish it was sooner. \ Hopefully you win, what is the prize?
im envious that my friends are off work all weekend \ I understand how lonely it can be when your schedule doesn't fit with your old friends.
yeah true but i cant blame them \ You can make new friends. Its just part of the human experience. Everything is temporary
Are you a gamer my good sir? \ i used to be, not quite as much anymore
Have you heard of overwatch? I was playing it last night \ yes my friends play it
It really bugs me when telemarketers call my house. \ Oh me too. Have you ever messed with them?
I did once, keep that scammer on the line for an hour. \ That is great!
I am looking forward to going boating this weekend \ Where are you going boating?
We are going to the lake about 15 minutes away from me \ What do you like to do on the lake?
Saw an 8 year old boy jump through a flight of stairs on his skateboard. \ thats crazy! was he ok?
Little guy was skating like a pro. It was pretty amazing to see him going at it. \ thats great.  i love kids
i recently lost my dog, he died.  i had him for 12 years.   \ Oh no. I am so sorry to hear that!
thank you. he was the sweetest thing. \ Dogs are with us for such a short amount of time. Kinda wish they lived as long as us.
I sent in my short fiction for a competition too close to the deadline. I'm not sure if it'll make it on time. \ Thats unfortunate
I was too busy trying to get it perfect that I lost track of time. \ Was it for a contest or a class?
I wanted to make beef wellington but the gorcery store didn't have english mustard. \ Oh no, must be disappointing. Are you putting off making it now or will you go in search for the missing mustard?
I'm going to substitue dijon because its what I've got. \ Will it taste the same?
When I saw a guy on facebook post a video of himself deadlifting 335lbs and getting attention from some cute girls...I had my buddy record me bench pressing 350lbs which is way harder...and felt much better after that \ Wow, you are strong.
Thanks. Been doing it for 3 years, but anyone can get there! \ What do you eat to be so strong?
I am ready to visit Fenway Park. \ That's cool.  I'm still a Boston boy...lived in Lowell, MA in 4-5th grade
That is cool. Have you been to Fenway Park? \ No I want to though.  Did you score tickets or something
I went to the Art History Museum yesterday, it blew away my expectations. \ Do you like museums?
I usually don't. But this one was very impressive. \ Same here. Neither do I, but there are impressive museums out there that kinda make you change your stance.
Saw this lttle old lady working at a Costco. She was upbeat as ever. \ I love going to Costco.
Yea? What are your staples to get from there? \ I always get rice and steak there.
A turtle that came to my friend's yard 2 days ago is now missing. \ Oh, cool!  What kind of turtle was it?
No idea but it looks pretty fat. \ It sounds like it may have been a box turtle.  They are good as pets!
I am going on a roller coaster for the first time tomorrow. I and so nervous! \ Maybe you can have them get you on one of the kiddie ones first?
Haha!  That is a good idea! \ Hope you have fun!
I am really worried that I will miss my flight tomorrow. \ I always worry about that too. Is it early in the morning?
Yes and there is an expected rain storm. \ Will you be able to leave a little bit earlier to allow time for any traffic delays?
We are in a tornado watch right now, so we may or may not get a tornado. \ Are you in your basement?
Not yet since it is only a watch and not a warning, but I have packed a tote if emergency supplies and put it in the basement just in case we end up there. \ That is smart, hopefully thou it doesn't happen.
i appreciated all the help i got from my friends last week \ Friends can be so awesome!
i definitely agree \ What did they help you with?
I had to stay late for work, and my family went out to dinner without me. \ thats unfortunate, sucks missing out on time with your family
It does. I feel like I barely get to see them nowadays. \ you definitely gotta appreciate them while you can
I needed gas and didn't have cash. Some stranger paid for it without me even asking. \ That's really nice.   Sometimes things work out ok.
Some people are quite ok. Makes up for the bad ones I guess. \ Did you just forget your wallet or did you not have any money at all?
An old "Friend" that's a girl wants to go get drinks tonight. Not sure if its a trap or not. \ lol a trap for what?
trying to shack up with me. \ I guess you're not at all attracted to her then?
I saw a lady walking with her jack russell yesterday. I miss mine \ Aww, I just had to put my dog down last month.
Oh no. I guess we both know what it's like going through losing these loyal creatures, hu? \ It was very sad and I am sorry you had to go through that,
I was lonely when my family left for the weekend \ I'm sorry to hear that. Where did they go?
Mexico. I had to work. \ Oh man, Sometimes it's hard to strike that work life balance.
I spilled soda on my laptop, and my friend brought me one from his work to use \ That was very nice of him.
It was. He's always had my back. \ How long have you known him?
I was shocked my brother came to my birthday party. \ Oh, are you guys distant?
Yes, I have spoken to him in years before the party. \ I'm glad you guys can start to come together again.
I am very sad my best friend didn't come to my wedding. \ Oh no, why didn't they?
He never gave me a reason, which makes it worse. \ I guess you might have to reconsider this friendship.
I've been revising this short fic and having everone read it. They all enjoy it. I think it's ready for the writing competition. \ When is the competition?
Next weekend actually. There are a couple of really good writers entering it, too. \ What is the grand prize?
I really miss the road trips I took as a kid. \ i love taking trips, where was your favorite place to go'?
I love going to Las Vegas. \ ive been there several times but its not my favorite place
im nervous about an interview next week \ Who is the interview with?
a possible employer \ Are you going to wear a suit?
My neighbor loaned me their new BMW to use while my car is in the shop. \ That was nice of him, did you put gas in it?
I sure did and keeping it nice and clean! \ Did you drive it fast?
I am upset that my brother stole from me. \ Oh god, why did he do that?
Cause he was in a bad situation. \ Bad situations make you things you wouldn't normally sometimes. Did you talk to him about it?
I took a vacation to Mexico, but was scared to go anywhere because of the crime in the area. \ Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Did you stay in the capital?
I'm not sure, I think it was Cozmuzel or something like that \ Oh no! Next time, make sure you go to Mexico City! It's a blast! Besides, Cozumel isn't really that dangerous at all.
You are never going to guess who was sleeping on the couch when I got home from New York... \ Who, tell me!
My friend Benny! The one we all thought died in a monsoon in Thailand! \ Wow, what happened?
I fell out of my chair at work during a meeting. \ Oh my! Were you okay?
I'm fine.  My pride is a little  injured though. \ Yeah that would be a little embarrassing I am sure. 
My elderly neighbor just recently had to put her dog to sleep. That dog was her best friend and companion. \ That's sad. is she going to get another one?
I came across a really good, loving 8 year old dog that was abandoned by his family. He was in need of a home, so I got him and gave him to my neighbor. She was so happy.  \ That's good. Its important for the elderly to have some company.
About to get off work, I think I got a lot done so future me won't have to stress out. \ thats great its always good to plan ahead
I know. I'm usually a wing it kind of person, but this was a lot of work. \ im the same way
im scared that we will go to war soon \ War would be terrifying. What makes you think we will?
just general unrest and instability globally \ Yea. Seems to be more of that lately.
I know my credit isn't the best, but I think I have enough of a down payment for this house to get a reasonable loan \ If you love the house. go for it.
Oh I definitely will if the loan interest is ok. If not, I may have to wait. \ You need to do some prosmection and you will find the rate interest that you want.
I said a very bad joke during a lunch with my coworkers. I felt so stupid. \ We've all done stupid things. I'm sure they'll let it go eventually.
I hope they have all forgot about it now. \ You'll know for next time now. I know you must feel really bad.
I'm waiting to hear back if I could get earlier flight tickets to my friend's wedding \ Uh oh!  What happens if you can't get an earlier flight?  Will you miss the wedding?
It will be very close. I won't have to time to relax from the flight before the wedding. \ I would be feeling quite anxious if I were you!  I am sure it will work out for you!
I few years back I was in a really bad car accident. I flipped my truck multiple times in a ditch. It was an extremely scary experience! \ That sounds terrifying! Are you okay now?
Yeah,I came out of it fine, but my life certainly flashed before my eyes! \ Makes you appreciate life more, doesn't it.
This new Korean barbeque place just opened up. Will be nice not to have to drive more than 30 minutes to one anymore. \ I love Korean barbeque.
It's some great stuff! That's why I used to travel for it lol. \ Is it open 24 hours a day?
I cried the night I found out my best friend died. \ I'm so sorry to hear that. How long ago was this?
This was a few months ago. \ it's terrible to lose someone. Was this expected or sudden?
im frustrated by all the other drivers on the road lately \ What have they been doing?
just generally driving poorly and not using signals \ Do you honk at them?
I am worried I will drown when I go swimming. \ have you swam before?
Yes, but I always see people drowning on the news. \ just gotta be careful where you swim
