I'm moving to another country. \ Wow, you will be fine. Years ago I went to Japan to teach English and also got called to duty and spent time in Iraq and a few other places. Once you arrive it's never as bad as you will have it built in your head.
Just got home from the grocery store. Forgot my wallet at home. Got to check out and had to apologize to the cashier and leave with out anything.  \ I never go to the store anymore, I wish i did.
Why not? Dollar store has something for everyone. \ Not for me, i shop online mostly these days.
So glad to get July behind me. It was too hot to go outside most of the day. \ I hate the summer honestly, the winter is great for me.
I used to hate cold but after menopause I have changed my mind. \ I love the cold. it keeps me cool when i sleep.
My dog learned all of his tricks! \ Oh great. That is so fun . My baby died a few years ago. But he was over 14 , so. 
That is so terrible, i feel so bad for you. \ Thanks. At least he lived a pretty good long time . He was a beagle mix named Jack.
I went to the movies and peed in my pants. \ I'm sorry.. my first gut reaction was to laugh a little. I really don't mean to make fun of you. That's terrible! Was it because you didn't want to miss a part of the movie, so you tried to hold it in as long as possible?
It is okay, i tried my best but the movie made me let it out. \ The movie did? It sounds like maybe at least it was a good movie, if that's any consolation. I hope no one made fun of you. It's a common human mistake.
I saw Henry Winkler at the airport the other day! The Fonz! He came walking by, and other people were asking him for a picture. He sounded very approachable and genuine, and accommodating. I was only 30 feet from him, but I didn't want to be yet another person to ask for a picture \ I have never been to an airport honestly.
It's alright. Some of them are cool, some of them are uneventful. It's fun for people watching. Other times it's a hassle. I usually try to get long layover times so that I don't have to rush. \ I like to stay home where I know i'm a little saffer.
It is funny how you can be going through life thinking everything is great, and then one day you find a nude of another dude that isn't you on your wife's computer. Makes for a wonderful day! \ Maybe she does not have the hots for you anymore.
It is funny how you can be going through life thinking everything is great, and then one day you find a nude of another dude that isn't you on your wife's computer. Makes for a wonderful day! \ yes, i understood the first time.
I am furious at Donald Trump \ You and the rest of the world, lol. Joking. Joking. Why are you furious?
Because the way he separated all those children from their parents. \ Yes, that was horrible what he did. I couldn't imagine what I would do if I had my child ripped from me
My boyfriend is always talking on the phone when we are hanging out. \ Maybe tell him how you feel about that.
I have tried. He thinks I'm being ridiculous. I feel like he pays more attention to everyone else. \ Punch him right in the nose, that will fix things i'm sure!
My tree died a few weeks ago. \ That's too bad. Are you going to replace it?
I can not afford to buy another tree right now. \ Maybe you will be able to replace it soon. What happened to it?
I'm about to start a new job, and I'm really nervous about it. \ Just go for it! Never look back!
Okay, I'll take your advice! Wish me luck! \ Best of luck my friend, you can do anything.
I sold dirty underwear as new! \ That's a way to make a buck! Ebay?
Of course, and people bought it! \ You are my hero.
I was riding the train today, and some guy just had an open wound, practically gushing blood. He didn't seem to really mind and everyone else seemed to just be unphased by it. I guess that's city life for you. \ I see that more in the country I guess. That would be horrifying. But maybe he is just immune to pain?
I don't know. Hard to tell if he was homeless or not. I felt bad for him, but I mean I didn't really have much to help him with. Hell, I don't even have health insurance myself, haha. So, since no one else reacted, I decided I shouldn't, either. \ Sounds like he was ok. I've had injuries before and they weren't serious enough or worth the hassle of the emergency room. But he still had to take a trip to go somewhere. Don't be afraid to care though :) One person is all that is needed- Kindness is always good!
I learned about Neurofeedback today. \ Neurofeedback? I don't even know what that is! Could you fill me in a little bit? And why did you need to learn about it?
It helps people who have PTSD, Autism, Bipolar, Depression and anyone with trauma- Brain issues- Its kind of like electro shock but without pain. It helps retrain your brain. \ That is really interesting. Still over my head, but you did a decent job of explaining it in layman's terms. I appreciate it. So are you a med student, or what?
No. I thought about going to school for counseling but I have had enough of that in my own household lol. I live with someone with a mental illness so I have had to learn a lot and figure stuff out. I have always been huge on research and reading and different things to help. It's been hard to help this person as they have SO many issues..even with meds and diet etc..It's been hard. So Neurofeedback seems promising in addition to many other therapies. \ Holy cow... That is really awesome. That's nice of you to dedicate your free time like that. I sincerely hope everything works out. I appreciate you sharing that.
I was looking through old photographs of when my children were young. \ oh i love looking at old photos
me too! It seems like it was only yesterday they were babies now they are all young adults.  \ my nieces and nephews are all growing up on me and my step kids are almost adults too. it goes by in a blink of an eye
i found a pyrex bowl at the store like one my mom used to have \ Oh wow!! I love pyrex stuff. I bet it brought back many memories. 
it did. i remember watching the cheese bubble up on the top when she made tuna casserole thinking how much longer is this going to take. \ Its funny how items can bring back such good memories. 
I get so mad when I watch shows about animal shelters and see how many people abuse animals. \ I own an animal shelter here in my home town.
It must be so hard to deal with emotionally at times. Just watching a show makes me want to lash out. \ I try to pass that onto my top doctors to take care of the dogs.
My dog ate my shoes! \ I hope they weren't expensive shoes.
Of course they were the most expensive pair i own! \ That's a shame. Does your dog chew on shoes often?
I don't want to go back to school. \ I hear you. I'm not ready to go back either. 
I'm going to stay home because I can not take it! \ I'm sure it will be ok. A new year is a new time to reinvent yourself. 
I live in a big city but I leave my car unlock. I'm really not that concerned about it getting stolen.  \ I live in a small town with no car.
That's the way I was too and I really haven't changed since I moved and got a car.  \ I want to get a car one day i think.
One more week then I am off for two weeks and heading to the beach!! \ I would just go to the beach right now!
I know I cant wait. Its one of my favorite places to go.  \ Not mine at all, i enjoy my house.
I got a free gift card from work! \  I bet that was a nice surprise. Why did you get it?
It was random, so i am not sure. \ You are lucky then. Always good to receive things you arent expecting. 
All my friends have went away to college. \ I'm in college, so i'll be your friend.
I am the only one still here. It is very different. \  I wish I could be with you and not in school
I never new I was adopted! \ Did you just recently find out?
I found out today, and it haunts me. \ Does it upset you? Just think, the family that raised you, actually pursued you and love you.
Can you even believe my car broke down? \ Where that happened?
on the side of the road! \ What did you call to get towed?
My friend recommended me a restaurant. I went with my wife to try it. The food was terrible. \ Maybe you should go by yourself. Normally wifes stay at home and clean.
I was expecting better from this restaurant. \ Maybe if you go somewhere else without the girl.
I was out in the woods naked. \ Oh my gosh I hope you were ok!
I did not know exactly what to do withmyself. \ I'm really sure you will figure it out. 
My gradma has been dead for awhile. I really miss spending time with her.  \ Maybe pray and she will hear you.
I'm not really religious so I don't think she would hear me.  \ Maybe she could if you tried.
Do you ever get those moments where you wonder where life would be if you did one thing differently? Like for me, I always feel embarrassed to think if I hadn't gone to college, maybe my life would be easier?... \ Of course, hindsight is 20/20. But going forward you can live in a way that minimizes regret.
I suppose that's true. I feel like sometimes my family may view me as a disgrace for not doing much with my life. \ It's really not for them to judge. Do what makes you happy.
That is true. i have to think of that more often. \ I know the feelings I had up until my 20's. Then I just realized how much they had no right to judge me.
I slipped on a puddle in the mall once. I was so embarrassed that I pretended I was hurt badly. \ I know the feeling. Once I fell in high school from a puddle and laughed it off even though I was hurt,
Even animals get embarrassed, I've seen it in my cats. \ Oh really? I haven't seen that in an animal as of yet. That's pretty interesting.
Yes, my cat fell from the mantle above the fireplace and looked totally embarrassed. \ Oh dang, talk about a fall! If I were your cat I'd be embarrassed too! Lol
Watching someone stream an old video game on Twitch, one that I used to play. It's one that's like almost 20 years old, that I used to play when I was 11. Makes me wish I didn't have so many bills and responsibilities! \ Adulting is hard that's for sure. Start playing it and streaming and make some money.
Haha, I doubt anyone would watch me. I'm not terrible in terms of personality, but I'm just another person. Twitch is all about luck. But I appreciate your thought! Obviously there were some crappy things about being a kid, too.I wish we could just hit a switch and be able to go back and forth every now and then. \ I just read that youth was wasted on the young. lol Kind of apropos.
I've always loved that saying. It's always so easy for one side, the young, to hate the other, the old. Oh well. Perspective is always key. \ It's funny how you learn things as you get older even if you aren't doing major things. Little things you can learn a lot from
Thought I was going to get a vacation this year, but not going to happen. Can't get off work. \ Sorry to hear that. You sound like a hard worker, which is something to be proud of, even though it's kind of wearing you out maybe. Are you able to roll the days over to next year and save them, at least?
No, not really . They have to be taken by the end of the year. I might take a few days off here and there at the holidays. \ That's kind of a lame policy. I hope you get to use them at some point, because they should be worth something. If you're just physically unable to because of the job and its demands, and then they end up passing you by, that doesn't seem fair. I hope you get to relax during the holidays, then.
My family has shunned me for terrible choices I made in the past. I have no one. \ I'm sorry to hear that.
I made my own bed, I guess. \ I hope everything works out for you.
I remember the days when gas was a dollar a gallon. \ I think I'm too young for that but man wouldn't that be nice today?
Those were the good old days, young one. \ I'm sure they were, I can barely afford to survive.
So I went into my fridge and way in the back I found a container that had be in there for quite sometime. \ Lol. Did you dare look inside?
yes.  The disgusting part was... I couldn't tell what it was. \ That is bad.  I  always try to remember how long stuff has been in there, but sometimes things hide on you in there.
Went home for my high school reunion and found out the school is closing and being sold. So sad. \ Weird.. that happened to me last year.  In Baltimore..
I don't like the idea of closing and consolidating schools and making the kids ride for thirty minutes to two hours on a bus both ways, just to save a few bucks. \ That is horrible.. I am sorry!  Mine got closed after a scandal that was on Netflix
Ew interesting. I think high school and earlier is so important and college too. \ Same here and its hard when your school doesn't exist anymore
I really wish I score big with this lottery ticket I bought. \ Yeah that would be awesome!  What are you going to spend it on??
I haven't even thought that far ahead, I just hope I win! Maybe a nice vacation? \ Heck yeah!  That sounds like fun!  
Hey!  How are you?  I had a great weekend what about yourself? \ My weekend was pretty okay. Did anything special happen for you?
Yeah I went fishing and caught a large catfish! Biggest fish I've ever caught! \ Wow! Have you always fished as a hobby? I've never been.
Our dining room table is beat up but it belonged to my grandma so I keep it arond. \ ours is a family table too so i understand what you mean. i really need to refinish it
Are you worried about possibly messing it up? That's what I worry about. \ a little. i am hoping my mother in law will be able to help me with it. she's done it before successfully.
Maybe I should also see if I can find someone to help me out. \ it's worth it to keep a family herloom
i went out to my garden and found my tomato plants had blossom end rot \ Oh no, do you know why it could've happened?
from what i read they lack calcium. i gave them some ground eggshells lets see if it helps \ So it could be something wrong with the soil? I'll keep my fingers crossed for you.
I was so scared. The other night me and my friend played with a Ouija board... and it spoke to us. \ oh no. did you know the spirit you contacted?
I am not sure... it did not give a name it just answered our questions. \ i would totally freak out
my brother was in the hospital really sick \ I am so sorry... What happened?
he had pnemonia that got out of hand \ Is he ok now?
I'm sort of scared for this upcoming weeked :/ \ What's wrong?
Nothing.  I'm going to ride rollercoasters this weekend.  So scared of them. \ Remember safety is the first priority of amusement parks, everything will be just fine!
My boss is announcing who is being promoted tomorrow in the open position, and I just know it's me. \ Hey that sounds exciting!!  Are you ready?
I'm so ready, I have this feeling so I'm embracing it. \ Yeah I would be pumped too!  Is it coming with a raise as well?
It nearly doubles what I make now! \ Oh man!!  Make sure to put some back for retirement or emergency fund!!
My younger sister is getting married before I am, I can't believe it. \ Do you feel negative about it, or positive? It's hard to tell from your sentence. Maybe you feel both ways. If I were in your shoes, I could see how you would start to feel some more pressure in that situation. I was always the youngest child, so I never had pressure on me to accomplish anything by a certain time. If you're not happy about it, hopefully you can turn it into a positive so that your sister doesn't get any undue negativity.
It's hard when all I can think about is being green with envy. What's wrong with me? I can't even get a date! \ I can understand why you'd start to feel that way. I think it's good that you want to look inward instead of just blatantly blaming other people. That means you can start to look for ways to make you feel better about yourself, that are solutions! But nothing has to be "wrong with you." For some, it just takes time. For others, they find it easier to accept someone to settle down with.
I'm going on a long train ride tomorrow! From South Carolina to New York! I'm just going to see an old college friend for a couple of days, but I'm just as pumped about the train ride, because I've never been on one before! They seem so peaceful and charming. \ That seems like a short train ride compared to say, going across country or something! Are you going to be sleeping on it overnight?
Yeah, I am. I didn't even know they did across-the-country train rides... Those would be cool. Or maybe they would get boring because you'd start to feel cramped? Who knows. It just always seems like when you hear about trains in movies and TV, they have this romantic quality about them. Maybe it's because they feel like they're from a different era \ They really do feel that way! There's actually a train in Africa, I want to say Kenya? Where it is like stepping back in time and you go on a week long journey on the train, you have to dress fancy and it seems like a dream come true.
I was really pleased when my son came home excited about being on the honor roll \ That's awesome!  I bet you're a proud parent! 
I really am.  \ Is he getting any gifts because he's done so goo?!
We took the kids fishing this weekend \ That sounds like a lot of fun!
It was.  They had a blast and I caught the biggest catfish I've ever caught! \ That is cool!  I bet you all had a really great time
My daughter killed the GRE! \ That's great! I hope she goes to a good graduate school.
Thank you! Me too :) \ I am very happy for you!
I remember when I used to take the train to work. \ Was it enjoyable?
Yes, those were some special times. \ What did you do on the train?
Ugh I am so sick of working overnight shifts, but I am nervous to start something new. \ You should always be confident and take risks in life.
That's definitely true, I just worry that the grass is always greener on the other side. \ Yea it reminds me of a time I took a risk on an investment. It paid off!
I expected the new incredibles to be pretty bad but to my pleasure it came out good. \ I also saw it and felt like it was pretty good. Much better than the My Little Pony Movie. That was TORTURE.
Oh I can't imagine. I don't think I would pay more than a quarter to see that movie. \ Yeah it was so boring. Even my kids got bored and they had been dying to see it,
 am so thankful to come home to a nice clean home \ Did you clean the house yourself or hire someone to do it?
I cleaned it myself finally \ How long did it take you to clean your house?
My entire family went to Europe for the summer. It is just me at the house. \ That sounds nice. How come you didn’t go with?
I have to work, there is no way I can take an entire month off. \ I am with you there.  I hope you get a chance to go there sometime though. 
I am angry that I can not go out this weekend. \ I'm sorry, why can't you go out?
I have to work the entire weekend. \ Oh that's not fun.
I was on a flight and a kid kept kick the back of my chair. \ Did you ask the kid or the kid's parents to stop kicking your chair?
Yes, I was so irritated. \ How long was the flight you were on?
We are going to disney world this year! \ Holy cow that's awesome!  Are we taking the kids??
I am the kid I think! \ oh haha!  Is this your first time?
Getting my bags packed for vacation! \ Myself as well friend, i love vacation.
Me too!  We're hitting up Panama City in a couple weeks! \ I do not like the beach, too much sand.
The new movie theater is opening soon. \ That sounds fun to go to.
I can't wait to go there! \ I love going to the movies and getting food!
I left my girlfriend because i was cheating on her. \ Oh, why did you cheat on her?
I wanted a new snack in my life. \ It's a man's world, isn't it.
I had to have some work done on my car. Luckily the mechanic gave me a good deal.  \ Hey that's good.  What was wrong with it?
I needed some work done on my fuel pump. Im glad he didnt have to replace the whole part. \ That's pretty awesome.  I don't guess it cost too much then.
I went fishing over the weekend and made a pretty sweet catch! \ How fun. How big was your catch?
It was every bit of 10-15 lbs catfish.  Scared the heck out of me when he hit on the bait! \ thats a big one. I bet it was scary. Did you eat it?
I went to the movies and let out a giant fart while I was walking past some people to my seat. \ Oh my goodness, I bet that was embarrassing!!! 
I was pretty humiliated, but I went up a few rows and forgot about it before the end of the movie.  When the lights came back on I was reminded of at all over again though. \ Well it happens to everyone i wouldnt let it keep bothering you. Just laugh it off!
I was walking in the grocery store and i fell and slipped in some spilled milk. \ That is terrible.  Did you get hurt badly?
No not at all. I just got up and couldnt stop laughing at myself. I could feel the heat coming off of my face. \ Were there a lot of people around?
My best friend just bought a jet ski. \ Must be nice!  Do you think he will let you ride it?
Probably, but I am really envious of him. \ I would be too, those things are really nice. 
I have a small leak in my water heater that I was hoping to get fixed today. \ Oh, that sounds like a hassle.
I was a bit dismayed when the plumber failed to show up. \ Oh that's not cool, get a different one.
My friend sent me a package from Germany. i had no idea what was inside. \ Uh oh!!  I hope it wasn't a prank lol
No not at all. It was full of different food items. I was so anxious opening it though.  \ I bet.  I would be too!  Was the food good??
Going to Florida in less than a month \ Florida is so nice. Are you going for work or pleasure?
Pleasure.  I just hope my car makes the 9 hour drive.  she has about 167k miles on her :/ \ Thats a lot of miles, but they make cars good these days. 
I wasn't feeling well but didn't get enough warning so I didn't make it to the bathroom in time. \ Oh no!  Happens to the best of us.  Are you feeling better now?
I am but I can't believe it happened in front of a room full of people, yikes! \ Oh no!  I would hope that people had compassion for your situation and if they didn't, well shame on them.  I once peed my pants at a wedding I was laughing so hard. 
We found a huge black snake in our backyard today! Gives me the chills just thinking about it.  \ Oh no! But I think black snakes are good? They eat nasty bugs and rodents!
Really?  Well, I will take a snake over bugs any day.  It was much bigger than ones I have seen in the past.  We're talking 10 feet long.  We got it into a bin and took it to a field. \ Oh wow, that's a big snake!
 I rescued an abandoned dog the other day, and I ended up getting an award from the ASPCA. \ Oh wow, what was the award for?
For being an outstanding advocate for animals in the community.  It was the 26th dog I've rescued this year. \ Oh congratulations! You are a true hero
My parents keep taking my money \ That's not nice of them. Why do they keep taking it??
They need it for other stuff. I never get a chance to save any of it. \ Sorry to hear that. I found that it helps to have multiple savings accounts, so whenever you get a certain amount of money (like $5, $10) save it and be strict not to spend it.
Going to Disney makes me so happy \ I second that. I've been to all the parks a bunch of times.
I have an annual pass to the parks and I just love to go on the rides! Meeting the characters is a plus as well! \ Yea my little siblings love taking pictures with them.
The other day after dinner my daughter took her trash to the trash on her own. I love watching her develop!  \ It is so sweet. Is she able to talk?
Shes just starting to try to say full sentences, but right now its just a lot of babbling and drooling. lol \ That should be funny to see and hear
i am angry against a friend that suppose to help me. \ That sucks... what was he or she supposed to help you with? 
I wanted to wall mount my TV but my friend didn't come and turned off his cell phone. I was always helping him for anything. \ Well I hope you two can talk it out, express your feelings and work it out together! Friendship is hard to come by these days... 
I just adopted this rescue dog. He's a sweet and timid little dachshund missing one leg. He's precious. \ That is so sweet.  How did he lose his leg?
He was found with a wire in it because he got caught in it.  It was too infected to save.  It doesn't seem to bother him not having it. \ I've heard that it doesn't bother them to lose one limb.  I watch Dr. Jeff on Animal Planet a lot and that is what he says.
I eat while I am asleep and I can't control it, but I am humiliated by it. \ I'm so sorry.  I have dealt with a lot of sleep problems and night panic attacks so I know how hard it can be dealing with things like that. I have a friend who does the same thing. Don't be humiliated.  You can't control it.
My doctor said I should tie myself up in a mummy sleeping bag so I can't get out.  I tried it a few times, but I tore the sleeping bag to get to the nighttime chocolate treats. \ I hate those things!  They are so restrictive.  I wish I could remember the name of the medication that my friend is on that helped her...let me check with her and see if she texts me back.
That would be really helpful, thank you.  My doctor has written me off because he calls me an aggressive night eater.  Sometimes I find that I have ordered a pizza and ate right through the box to get to it.  I've never told anyone that before. \ Don't feel any shame.  The medication is called Topomax.  It supposedly stops the receptors in the brain that trigger night sleep eating.  I also know that if you happen to take Ambien,a sleeping pill, go off of it because it actually can cause night sleep eating. Take care!
Someone threw a bunch of trash in my yard. \ Ugh! They do that here too! Are you in a bad city too?
Yes, it makes me so mad! \ Did you find out who did it?
It's really amazing the amount of great doctors that write books. \ Oh really, I was unaware of that.
I had a lot of research to do and I love that there is so much information readily available. \ That is quite interesting.
I get my new vacuum tomorrow! It's been a long time since I bought one brand new. \ That's great. You have to buy a new one every so often as the motors get weak in them.
Yes they do, I just hate spending money if I don't have too. I have a kirby but it needs to be fixed and I don't know how to do it. So I found a great deal on a new one until then. Can't wait to get cleaning! I like to clean weirdly... \ I love the way carpet feels after you use a brand new vacuum on it. Almost like it's new again.
I don't think I should get on my flight in the morning. \ That sounds really dramatic! What's the matter? What's making you so unsure about it?
I just have a bad feeling and I think it'd be best if I cancel it! \ I can understand trying to abide by one's intuition... Are you going on your flight to somewhere where you have something important to do or someone to meet? Perhaps it may be unfair to them or that situation if you don't go through with it. If you want to do it, try your best to think of all the repercussions, and to weigh the pros and cons, and to not let your intuition cloud your judgment.
I yelled at my two-year-old nephew the other day, because he wasn't paying attention and spilled something, made a huge mess. I've been yelling at him off and on recently since he started living with my family for a short period of time. It's so hard to keep my patience in the moment... But then later on I feel so terrible that I can't be a better human being to him. \ I think it's an adjustment you have to work through. Toddlers can really test anyone's patience!
Yeah. I'm trying to handle myself better. It's hard when you're arguing with the child about the same thing, every day, day after day. It feels like running into a wall. You want to teach them, but they don't listen, or they don't show improvement. And obviously it's because he's two and he's just going to naturally take time to develop. But in the meantime, I struggle to not overreact. \ It's really hard, especially being thrown into an environment with a two year old and not having them for a consistent basis from when they were younger up until now.
I haven't had fries in over a year. Finally got some today. \ Oh! I hear you, I love them but I get sick when I eat them. Did you do okay?
Yea, I do okay, but it does make me sleepy. \ That's unusual. Are you allergic to something they are fried in or just potatoes in general? I have digestive issues so I get tired too when I eat junk food
Someone stole my lawn mower. Suffice to say...I am not a happy camper. \ That's terrible! Sorry to hear that.
Thanks! I can't stand thieves! I work hard for the things I have! \ So do I. People need to be more considerate of others.
I am feeling lonely but settled because things are peaceful.  \ Well, sometimes we can feel that way in life. Relieved because there isn't drama, but get a bit lonely. Maybe you can get out and meet some new people?
Nah, I have had that time pass. I am not up for people. Lonely meaning without a partner I live with. Yes, I love no drama in my home :) \ Well, whatever makes you happy, that's what you should do. But, still, never hurts to at least have platonic friends :)
I've been married almost 23 years, but many years ago, my husband was acting a bit too "chivalrous" to a female acquaintance of ours. He said he was only being nice, but I felt he was being a bit 'too nice', which made me feel a bit upset.  \ That is VERY understandable. Emotional affair is still a betrayal. 
Well, we really didn't know her very well and she actually just came to one of our friends house while we were there, and she was intoxicated. He was trying to help her get up and situated, but he was very insistent about it, even when she didn't want help. It looked bad to others. \ Well it's nice he is kind but yes that is a little strange. Women can usually take that as something and try to get with your man. 
My friend taught himself how to skate, and he just won his first competition. \ Congrats to him!  What type of skating?
I'm not familiar with skating myself, but he was skating on some kind of rap and doing all kinds of tricks. \ Oh, now I understand.  He is skateboarding. 
I can't seem to get to sleep tonight, too much on my mind. \ Oh no. Have you been stressed about anything?
No, its just that I am starting a new job tomorrow. \ You sound nervous.
I want to visit my friend who lives an hour away in a big city, but I'm a bit nervous about driving in such a busy city. \ I don't blame you. It can be scary...the more people there are- the worse they drive. Be careful!
I'll definitely have to sip on some coffee while making the drive so I can stay more alert, that's for sure. \ For sure! And always check for the wreckless drivers and the ones who cut you off- Thats really bad in bigger cities. Can never be too careful.
It's amazing how much research goes in too helping others.  \ Definitely. The world is an extremely complex thing, and I don't know if we'll ever fully understand it.
Very true! That is why everyone does different things. Very complex to keep it going! I was researching neurofeedback today and it's nice to see how much some doctors care about helping. \ I would imagine that people who have certain personality types are typically drawn to becoming doctors. They all seem to be very compassionate! 
Saw a marching band pass by my work today. Kind of miss playing my flute \ That's an interesting thing to know! Have you thought about doing it as a hobby?
I don't really have much time, but maybe I should make some for it. \ If it makes you feel peace of happiness, definitely!
I am feeling a little bad I forgot bird food this weekend. The birds and squirrels gather on my fence line when everything is empty :( \ Oh hey! A fellow bird feeder. Did you eventually get some?
No I have to go tomorrow. I feel a deep pain when I am not taking care of them. They definitely expect it! I LOVE making sure all the critters are fed- with how cruel the world is to them- It's the least I can do..also skunks, bunnies etc at night like to come too. I will go get it tomorrow, I promise! \ That's good. Sometimes we forget to do things that matter to us.
I am feeling happy I can afford what I need for the past few months. \ That's good, have you been having trouble?
Oh yes, I've been poor most of my life. It's nice to be able to get something if you need it. \ I'll say. You can appreciate it that much more. What made the difference, if I may ask?
I was stuck home the other day with the flu.  \ Oh man, the flu in summer?1
Right?! I was miserable, stuck all day in bed. \ Oh geez! Was it a quick flu
It was, but I am very grateful to my wife. She let me rest all day, and brought me food and drinks to be as comfortable as possible. :) \ Wow! Great wife, Cherish her! Stack up on good vitamin C and good Elderberry when you're well to keep the flu away :)\
Thank you! Hopefully you can avoid it this year.  \ Oh god...lol- I HATE being sick...When I get sick..it's BAD- So let's hope lol
One day my girlfriend told me about a guy that works with her and she mentioned how hilarious he was which then made me think of a meme that i read about how funny guys will make you laugh and then all of a sudden you don't have clothes on. It was only for a split second but it happened \ That is a hilarious intro, thank you for that! So were you worried that your girlfriend found someone else humorous? (And you're very insightful + intelligent if you say yes! Though being both of those things, you have nothing to worry about ;-))
Well, I most def want to be insightful and intelligent, so I will say YES. I know I had nothing to worry about, but it is crazy how in those instances when you least expect it a ridiculous meme shots into your brain and you start playing "Along Came Polly" sceneros in your head.  \ These references are perfect. And your girlfriend must enjoy you very much. Mazel tov, you crazy kids!
So when adults don't clean up after themselves in a business environment -- what is that ?! Why do they think a "mommy" will come along to clean up after them?! \ LOL! This is perfect timing because I had the " You are an adult not a child" conversation with my girlfriend not too long ago. I had left popsicle wrapper on the night stand and it got sticky. I argued if you are willing to date someone who likes to eat Popsicles in bed, then you have to deal with the consequences. 
LOL! Okay, y'all are a sitcom. I have to ask what flavor. (And yes, I side with your girlfriend. If for no other reason: ANTS. You do NOT want ants marching into your bed toward any potentially sensitive regions. Okuuurrrrrr?) \ Okay, it wasn't just one, it was three: One cherry, and two grape. How anyone can eat just one at a time? Oh, the number of wrappers was also brought up. Like, I don't care if yuo bought them for the kids, I am part of this household as well. I tried to make it a teaching moment about how if you don't get the popsicles first someone else would, but I think my arguments have been falling on deaf ears for awhile now, lol
I applied for a better position within my job, crossing my fingers I hear positive news! \ That is great you showed the initiative to apply.  It is common to be a bit nervous.
Yes, I'm eager to hear back already \ Just think positive thoughts and I am sure you will get the news shortly
I went on a bike ride after work today.  It was very peaceful.  Just me, the mountains, and my thoughts.   \ That sounds relaxing! How was the weather?
It was perfect.  Not to warm, nice breeze.  Very good to release some stress.  \ I love when everything just seems to work out together. Im glad you enjoyed!
I am lucky to have a decent paying job \ That is really good.  In this economic climate it is good to have something like that to count on.  What do you do?
I work for an online retail company.  I don't make a lot of money but I am not struggling anymore \ That's great.  I am glad you're doing well.
My dog just passed away and he was the only friend I had. \ I am so so sorry to hear that. 
Yeah, it has been hard these last few days.  He had cancer, but he went pretty fast at the end. \ I know this is so hard for you but he is in no more pain and I am sure he is watching over you
I asked my mother where she left my drawing, she said she threw it out. \ What was the drawing of?
I asked my mother where she left my drawing, she said she threw it out. \ You said that already, how long did it take you to draw this picture?
I can not wait for my cruise during Thanksgiving. \ Thats exciting! where are you going??
I am going to Bermuda. I have been before, I love watching the cricket matches there. \ Is that a country? i know the name but not the geography.
My friend died in a car accident recently. \ Oh no!!  That is awful.  I hope you are okay :(
Thanks.  I'm so hurt over it. \ I bet.  Nothing is worse than losing a friend suddenly like that.   Keep your head up, friend.
Took my nephew fishing over the weekend \ That sounds like fun!
Yeah it was!  He caught a large bass!  He did so well :D \ Oh that is so cool! You must be a great relative.
I went to a restaurant for mexican food with my friend and she had a roach crawl off of her salad. It was horrifying. \ That is awful. I would definitely not pay and never go back again.
They offered both of us money back and free meals for next time but we are never going back.  It turned me off of mexican food which is a shame because its my favorite! \ They will lose a lot of business over that one. Word of mouth is the best way to hurt someone. That is gross and I wouldn't go back either.
I love my husband so much. He is an amazing guy that wouldn't do anything to hurt me. \ That is so wonderful!  I have the same kind of husband.  Aren't we lucky?  It gives me hope for when my daughter grows up and finds someone.
Me to! It is amazing that I found someone great. I hope my daughter finds a great man also. She is 17 and I worry about that all the time. \ Oh wow, your daughter is a lot closer than mine whose just 8.  I already worry about it.  I know they'll find some upstanding men but they can take their time in finding them! ha ha.
I was almost short on my rent this month. \ Glad you made it, what happened to almost be short?
I overspent at the mall. My grandma helped me cover it though. \ That was very nice of your grandma. How much did she cover?
I can't believe that Robin Williams died. \ I know. It was so shocking and sad.
I really enjoyed his movies, especially the movie Mrs. Doubtfire. \ That was a great movie!
I am feeling more positive about the future today. \ That is good!  Why have you been feeling down about the future before?
Oh you know, because of people. They try and get you down. I have been around a misery loves company type. I am really trying to hold on to that feeling no matter what. It's hard! \ Staying positive can be very hard, but it helps to be around the right people.
I went into work this morning and had an unexpected bonus sitting on my desk! \ OHHH! Those are nice! How much was it if you don't mind me asking?
It was $250.  My boss just sold a big account and decided to share the wealth with everyone in the office.  It was very nice of him. \ Great! That is how it should work. Not one guy making a ton more, as it takes everyone to make it work :)
This was a hard weekend. Second weekend alone. \ Why are you alone? did you just move?
No. I just kicked someone out. It's different living alone. Peaceful though. But hard. \ Was it a significant other? was it the correct decision?
5 \ Sorry?
Sorry about that, Miss type.  But i was going to talk about the time the my two best friends fell in love \ No problem! I have done it before. Oh wow! That sounds nice, are they still together? I hope.
I hope, but i cant hide the fact that i am envious \ Understandable. But remember there are always private things. No relationship is perfect. It takes both working hard
Last week I entered a contest to win an ipad at work and today I got the news that I won! \ Congratulations! That is awesome!  I don't really have much luck in winning things.  Have you won anything else before in your life?
No, I never win! I didn't expect this lol \ That is so cool. I have been drooling over an iPad!  Is it amazing??
We have to fly across the country this coming weekend and I hate flying so much! I feel dizzy just thinking about it. \ Oh man, good luck! Make sure to have a book/music on hand at least to help distract you
Thanks, that's a good idea.  I was looking into borrowing my friends headphones and blasting music and looking at techniques to relax.  I feel so ill when I fly.  Its odd because I can't stop the feelings. \ I think that would help. Is it for vacation?
I am looking forward to the next Star Wars movie. \ I have never seen any of the new Star Wars movies.
I can't wait to see it! You should check them out sometime. \ I have not been to the movies in a long time. It is very expensive to go these days.
During gym class today but pants split wide open. Everyone in the class could see my underwear. \ I'm so sorry, were they impressed?
The underwear were black silk, so I have no idea. \ I would imagine they were quite delighted.
Lately, my two year old boy has been so much into wearing dresses and playing with babie dolls,i don't even want to think of i \ Is that good or bad? Why the concern?
I think it is bad \ OK why do you think so?
Growing up  ,I had prospects,would I be rich ,or would I be poor ,lingered on my mind..Lol! \ Work hard at it,poverty is no joke. Not an option!
Yeah ! Work hard ,pray hard I suppose? \ And play smart,do whatever it takes to elevate yourself. That is the attitude.
My best friend's dog died and she has been really upset. \ I totally feel for her. I have lost many the past year. It's hard
I brought over some pizza and movies to cheer her up. \ That was nice of you. Having company helps through grief.
I feel I can do things on my own. I didn't always feel this way, so it's nice  \ Has something changed lately?
My resolve I guess? Nothing changed for the better but inside me at least I know I can do it on my own because it's 1000 times better than the alternative. I'll do whatever it takes. \ That is a very good attitude that you have!
I think I did really well on my exam today \ What was the exam for?
It was for entry into a college program I've wanted to get into. I feel like I did really well! \ When will you get the results for this exam?
I really don't want to go to the dentist next week. \ I hate the dentist. It always makes me nervous. Are you going for a checkup?
No. I have to go to get a cavity filled. \ Oh no :( That sucks. I hope it's only one
My grandson took his first steps the other day. Can you believe it? \ Oh that is fantastic!!!  I bet you're proud of him!
Yes, I caught it on video. I plan to let him see it when he gets older. \ That's pretty cool!  You sound like an awesome grandparent! :D
My nephew caught a huge bass this weekend! \ That is cool, did you teach him how to fish?
No lol.  He's actually better at it than I am!  I didn't catch anything \ I am sure he didn't let you hear the end of that.
Spent the day yesterday just hanging out with friends and just watching shows \ that sounds like a nice sunday
yep it was great \ hopefully it happens again soon!
Today i waited for the cable company to show up at my house for 5 hours... No one ever came" \ wow thats a huge pain
yeah, horrible waste of time... could've been doing something more productive \ i know what you mean
My niece is super talented lately. \ What is her best talent?
Art, she was accepted into a special program for high school. \ Does she draw or paint? How any students are in this program?
I know that I will pass my driving test next week. \ I hope so! I hate driving but good luck.
I have practiced everyday in the parking lot by my house. I know all the rules of the road. \ Good, that's really important thing.
I've decided to ask the girl of my dreams to marry me.  I'm sure she will say yes. \ That's great! Congratulations! That's exciting, and I'm sure if you're confident she will, then she will!
I do feel confident about it.  We haven't met in person yet, but she is coming to visit me in Nigeria tom \ Oh, okay. Well, that is a bit different, but good luck!
One day my 10 year old daughter came home crying after she got off the bus. A teenage boy purposely tripped her as she was getting off and she got hurt. Needless to say, I was very, very upset! \ That is terrible.  I don't know why teenage boys can be so mean.  What did you end up doing?
I actually knew his father, so I called and spoke to him about it. I let him know that if it happened again, I couldn't promise her big brother wouldn't take it in his own hands to defend her, as he wasn't okay with anyone bullying her. \ That's good that she has a big brother that can defend her against the bigger kids.  It is just terrible that a teenage boy would act that way to a 10 year old.  No excuse for that.  I hope you don't have to deal with it again, though.
I am getting older and it's hard to think on how many bad things I have experienced.\ \ I'm sorry.  It sounds like you had a tough life.
Oh I have. I always maintained my glass half full though as so many have it worse! But it does get harder as the years go on. Life really doesn't always turn out how you think it will or how you want. It's a series of unfortunate and traumatic events a lot. \ I could not have said it better myself.
I stole money from my grandmother. \ Oh lord, why did you do that?
I needed money for beer.  I feel so ashamed about it. \ You pay your gramma back and stop drinking. Seriously
I am ready for Connor Mcgregor's UFC fight in October. \ How are you ready?
I have already preorder the pay per view and invited all my friends to come over to watch it \ What kinds of snacks do you have for it?
my friend won a lot of money the other day which was cool for him \ How did he win a lot of money?
scratcher ticket, i was quite envious  \ Does he play the scratcher tickets a lot?
I can't believe what Donald Trump said at his last rally. \ oh yea something else insane?
Yes, he said you needed to have an ID to buy groceries. \ that makes no sense.
I really dont like my husbands job right now. \ I'm sorry, what is his job?
Retail, but he's working nights at a store really far away and it sucks \ Hopefully they will give him a better shift.
I'm looking forward to the new Mexican restaurant. \ O that sounds delicious, any idea what you'll get?
I just can't wait.  I want tacos and enchiladas! \ Sounds delicious, get some queso too!
The hardest time in my life was when my best friend died on Christmas of 2007. \ Wow. I'm so sorry to hear that. That would be incredibly hard. What happened?
She fell off of a roof. She fell asleep and when she got up, she slipped. \ That's horrible. I'm really sorry about your friend. 
It has been a long time so I have come to cope with it, but sometimes it's still hard. I named my daughter after her. Her name is Roxie. \ That's a beautiful name! It's cool you honored your friend in that way. 
It really helped me heal when I was able to do that. \ I can't even imagine. I've never lost anyone super close to me yet...
A few years ago, there was a time that I really needed a car. I had to go to school and my husband worked full time.  \ Did you not have a car? That's hard. I don't have one now and use Uber and Lyft all the time.
We had one car we shared but I had a little girl and we were just stuck at the house or got rides. We didn't really have uber and Lydt yet. But someone gave me a car out of the blue! \ That is incredible! I swear some things in life are determined by fate. I'm glad you were able to get a car.
Thanks me too. It blew me away that people can be so kind.  \ It's incredible, and so important. That's why I try to pass on the kindness whenever I am able.
Life can be really not a happy place. \ Sadly, I agree with you.  As I get older, it seems like that more and more.  What happened that made you feel that way?
Oh so many things. Lots of trauma. Life really is just full of lots of really difficult events..trying to maintain your spirit and being a good person through it, is really the task of life! \ Its so true! I battle chronic illness and excruciating pain daily for almost 14 years now not to mention drowning in old medical bills.  I put my faith in God and pray for relief.  Its really hard to stay optimistic.  I really hope life improves for you and you can enjoy and embrace life again.  
Thank you! I have tried..it's been a VERY traumatic year in so many ways..and I didn't think it could get any worse a few years ago..Wrong! I hear you with pain! Please try every treatment you can. DIET plays a HUGE role- also chiropractor, Nuerofeedback, Different herbs! I found eating right, exercising, herbs, vitamins, organic food helped with my pain caused by doctors- I had tons of neuropathy, pain and fibro like symptoms in addition to the trauma of deaths, abuse etc. I hope YOU feel better and YOU inspire me right now that I don't have it so bad!!! \ That is exactly what I've been going through along with horrible doctors that did nothing for me.  I just went high nutrient vegan 3 months ago and am improving my leaps and bounds.  I follow Dr. Joel Furhman.  You can keep going and your journey is giving you compassion for others that are going through horrible things.  Take heart and I hope you feel better.  
I found pictures of when I was young, going camping with my grandparents. Those we such perfect times. \ I hear you! It's sad yet happy to think of how great it was years ago! I hope we get to keep our good memories when we leave this world
Yes, childhood seems like a dream.  My grandparents took me camping to so many spots and one time it even rained caterpillars from the trees! I do wish I could go back there and do some things again. \ I know right <3. Such a great time when we weren't the adults as well! lol- Paying bills is no fun.
I was dancing at a wedding this weekend and I split my pants. \ How were you dancing?
I tried to do a break dancing move that I used to be able to do, but that was 20 years ago.  I'm lucky my pants are the only thing that busted!  Hahahaha. \ Were they expensive pants?
I'm not looking forward to rollercoaster riding next weeked :( \ Why? Are you scared to ride it? I can relate, so if that's the case, just skip it.
Yeah!  I've never been on one.  We're taking the kids though. \ Oh, I see, so it's kind of a have-to scenario. Well, I always let my hubby do that, but maybe you're the hubby too lol. 
LOL no I'm the uncle!!  Oh well.  Maybe it's time I try it!  What do you think? \ Sure! If you've never ridden it, then you really should. 
Each year my husband usually gets a bonus this month or next. It's not promised, but it has happened for several years now. I am really wishing it will be this year too! \ Hey that's awesome!!!  What are you planning to buy with it?
Well, we have college tuition, just got back from an expensive beach vacation, etc. So, if anything replenish some savings, right! \ That's an awesome, very adult thing to do!  Congrats!
I found a huge nail on my car's tire... horrible thing to encounter early in the morningt \ You are very lucky you didn't crash your car while driving.
Yes I'm glad it didn't happen while I was driving at least \ Yes, how much did it cost to fix the tire?
I can't wait to see the new James Bond movie. \ it looks like it's going to be good!
Yes, I have really enjoyed the last few ones. \ Me too... those are my favorite type of movies
Last year, I was really very shocked and angry. \ Oh goodness, what happened?
My grandmother passed away. \ Oh no, you must be devastated.  I'm sorry.
A man was chasing me down the alley last night. \ Ohh gosh! What happened. That's so terrifying
He wanted my money.  I was scared for my life. \ Oh, I feel sorry for you.
I am so happy to have my crazy family close.  \ Thats good, do yall live in the same town?
Most of us do and the rest aren’t too far out. How about you? \ my mother lives far away, and I live with my father, but its not ideal
Once I sneezed very loud next to my friend and a buger shot on her. \ Oh my god that’s hilarious. 
I was petrified.  I was really crushing on her too \ Oh no I am so sorry about that. Did everything turn out ok?
My roommate moved out, it is just me now living at the house. \ Oh, what caused them to move out?  Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
He got a new job that was in a different city. It isn't good or bad. \ I see. I'm sorry you're home alone.  I get lonely myself when you're used to someone around.  Are you going to advertise for a new roommate?
I was feeling ill and fatigued the last couple months and just found out that I'm pregnant. Wasn't expecting that! \ Do you have any children already or will this be your first?
I have two kids and was done having kids but guess not!  I'm excited about it but it definitely shocked me!  I thought I might have chronic fatigue. \ Do you know if it is a boy or girl?
My dog always barks when I am on the phone. \ That is irritating, huh.  It is like a kid that can't stand not having the attention for a minute so they act up.  Haha
Yes, I try to get him to go outside, but he never wants to. \ It just wants you off the phone instead.  
I found a hair in my soup at lunch today. I was not happy. \ I hope you didn't drink the soup. They better of given you the meal for free.
Oh she will be remaking it.  It was my wife that packed he lunch.  She has a tendency to lose her hair into my food and I'm getting tired of it. \ Oh, I thought it was a t a restaurant.
I am scared that World War 3 may be near. \ Nah.  Don't worry my friend!  It will be okay!
I am really worried that North Korea may attack us. \ I don't think they will.  We are the worlds greatest army
My nephew plays football this year.  So proud of him! \ What position does your nephew play?
Not sure yet.  Last year he played center.  I'm sure he will do good whatever he plays this year. \ Is your nephew a big kid?
Yesterday I was so much irritated. I loudly screamed on my bother. \ Oh no! What did he do?
My little brother always plays electric guitar. And that's too irritating. \ Yes, little brothers can sometimes be irritating.  Maybe ask him next time to turn it down?
Yes. You are right! \ thank you. i am having trouble getting over it.
Don't feel bad now. What's done is done \ Yes, but I really miss him.
It is such a privilege to be able to help someone in any way you can. \ Indeed. It makes you feel good when you can help somebody else with their problem
It also makes me feel bad when i'm unable to help. \ I think if everybody in the world offered a hand of help to one another, we would not have much problem
Yesterday, I submitted my application for a credit card with Chase. Thankfully, I was approved and was really glad \ That's great! You must have good credit. 
Indeed. It was my fifth credit card that I have now among others \ That's great, make sure to keep your utilization low if possible.
Two days left before the trip, I was beside myself. \ Where did you go? You went alone?
I went to Disney world,  my entire family tagged along. \ That is awesome, I've been there when I was a kid and had a lot of fun!
I should of got a degree in computer science, my friend just graduated and is making 30 grand more than me! \ That is crazy! what was your original major?
I'm a political science major, yeah I know, not the best choice. \ How are you faring in todays climate?
I am in the middle of a contract dispute and I don't know what is going to happen. \ That's not good, what is the contract dispute about?
Someone owes me a lot of money, but they don't want to pay.  I don't want to go to court, but I may have to go that direction. \ Yeah, that's always rough. I would take them to court if it's in the 4 digit range.
Ever been to Niagara Falls? I just went and it blew my mind on the size of it! \ I haven't been.  I would really love to go, and it's good to hear such a good review from someone.
Yeah, you definitely should go, very worth while. \ What else is there to do there other than see the falls?
I have never cheated on any exams in school. \ Good for YOU! Integrity is very rare nowadays
I have been tempted but I would rather fail my exams than cheat. \ I feel the same way!
I saw some old pics on FB of my dog who is passed and my niece. \ Did you cry when you were looking at the photos?
No, I am not a big crier.  It was hard to see but they were good memories. \ My niece lives in Los Angeles. I do not get to see her very much.
I love being able to be home for my kids \ That is wonderful!  How many kids do you have?  That's a tough job but so rewarding!
I have 3. What about you? \ I have 2 kids.  I love being home with them as well. I am blessed to be able to work at home.  I also homeschool them and love teaching! Are you having any more kids?
I just found out that my parents are moving back near me! They'll be here in about a month! \ That is awesome!  How long were they away 
They moved away for a job about 8 years ago so its been a while.  They just love our hometown so they were working to come back if they could.  It makes me so happy!  \ I am so happy for you!
I interviewed for a job promotion today.  I am pretty sure I nailed the interview. \ Great! What kind of job is it?
It is a promotion in my finance department.  I really think I got this one in the bag \ Sounds great! Better pay is always good!
I got a $50 bonus and it was very unexpected AND needed! \ That is a great surprise.   I bet you are very thankful.
I am! It always comes at the right time sometimes. \ Do you know what you are going to spend it on?
There was a 2 car accident this morning a driver going the wrong way it had traffic backed up. \ Oh no! Was anyone hurt?
Yes one driver was in critical condition and car ran into the side of the express way it was unfortunate but I was over a hour late for work.  \ That is so sad. I hope they recover okay. Hopefully you weren't in trouble for being late either.
My mom makes me babysit my nephew all the time. \ I would not want to be in your position it's ok to help but all the time it can be dreadful. 
I am sick of it. He is a brat. \ It will get better put your foot down and maybe say no in a nice way to not step on any ones toes.
I am starting a new job next week, I can't wait! \ That's awesome! congratulations too!  What do you do?
It's at a law firm. I've been trying to get this job for months, it's going to be great. \ Oh nice! My brother in law is a lawyer and I remember him trying to get certain jobs he wanted and it not being easy sometimes.  Sounds like you are a great lawyer.  Hope it goes well for you!
I am playing an official gig with a band I'm in and I can't wait. I know we'll be amazing. \ Wow congrats! What type of music do you play?
Thanks! Its good to actually get some money out of it.  We play folk music with a rock twist.  Its great music. \ Nice, I really like folk music. I hope you guys put off a great show.
I walked into my living room to see my entire extended family holding presents. \ Oh what a scene. How did it make you feel?
I was in awe,  all of that just for my birthday. \ You are so lucky to have a family like that!
My friend put vinegar on his ice cream sundae. \ oh my lord, please say thats not true.
It looked and smelled really gross. \ that is one of the most horrible things ive ever heard.
I'm pretty worked up right now, my wife went out to dinner with her friends and didn't bring me anything home! \ I would be mad! Did she say why she didn't bring you anything?
She must be mad about something, she always at least asks if I want anything! \ Maybe you could talk to her after you calm down a bit.  I'm sure there is a reason.
i am excited to see my son and his fiance! \ That is awesome, are they coming to visit you?
Yes! In October. I haven't seen him in a few months. \ Awesome! I'm not a father yet, but I can only imagine your kids growing up and leaving to live their own lives.
Hey there, Got to admit, I'm pretty lonely right now.  \ Aw I'm sorry.  Why are you lonely?
My wife went out of town for work for a week, and I'm not used to having the place to myself. \ Maybe you could invite a friend over for a movie?
I could, but they all have lives now. \ Maybe you could facetime your wife.
i didn't ask my husband if i could buy something, now he is mad and i feel bad. \ Aw, I'm sorry, did you just forget or you were thinking about other things?
I didn't think he would mind.  But it was expensive, so maybe i should have asked. \ Yeah, had a similar scuffle with my wife, but being married sometimes you just have to forgive and forget.
Moving to a new age bracket is scary. \ In what way are you fearful? I've never thought about that before.
Turning 40 is one step closer to being older and makes me think about old age more. \ I am 42, 40 didn't bother me.....there is nothing you can do about the aging process. I just try to take getting older in stride.
Back in 2013 I won an NCAA bracket challenge online through a local restaurant. The payout was $1,000 cash. I was really excited...felt great. \ Wow... That is exciting. Congratulations! I also won my fantasy football league this year and won $300 as well.
That's awesome, I haven't played fantasy sports for a few years......the dudes I used to play with have moved on and unfortunately one guy, one of my best friends died of cancer.....it sucked. \ I'm sorry to hear you lost your best friend.
My neighbor woke me up this weekend mowing his lawn at 5am.  \ That sounds really frustrating! Who mows their lawn that early holy cow!
I have no idea. I was pissed because I went to ask him to stop and he just ignored me. \ Wow I would be mad to. 
I didn't get the promotion at work, I cant believe Becky got it over me... I'm really upset about it. \ Gee, that is too bad. I wonder why Becky got it and you didn't?
I don't know, It just seems like she always gets everything. ugh ! Sometimes I wish I could be as lucky as her. \ Yeah, that's no fun. Maybe you'll get offered the next promotion that is available? 
I had been getting ready for this day for years, It was in the bag \ What day is that?
My dissertation was due,  Hardest thing i had ever completed. \ Oh lord..that gives me chills just hearing the word. What was it on?
My white dog doesn't want to go outside lately but once he is out there, he is fine like he normally is! \ Do you have more than one dog??
Oh yes, that is his nickname though! We call him "white dog". \ I feel like this is obvious,  but is he white?
Going to Florida in a couple weeks \ That sounds awesome! I've only ever been to Florida in order to get to Disney World. Are you there to visit family? Business? To sight-see?
Just taking a vacation to the beach.  Not very excited about the 9 hour drive though. \ Yeah... I had to do a long drive from Nebraska to Colorado this summer. It was about a 7-hour drive. That was starting to push it. So, I could see 9 hours being a little rough. I just tried to load up on podcasts to listen to.
Recently heard that my father was laid off from his job. He's retirement age anyway, but I felt bad for him, as that must have been, at the very least, slightly humiliating. He's been a hard worker for 40 years, and has done well to support the family. But I do worry for him in the short-term. \ Oh that's awful!  I hope he is going to be okay.  Did they lay him off with severence or anything?
Yeah, he gets severance. He was a hotel manager, and I don't think the hotel was doing well, but I'm not sure that could or would be entirely attributed to his performance. Think they just wanted a change of scenery. I'm partially glad, since he needs to relax anyway. It will be good for his health  \ Yeah.  He will get to spend more time with you all now!  Take the father on a vacation!
The bugs that creep me out the most is those eight legged spiders I seen a huge one in my car this weekend. \ I have never liked spiders.
Me either I screamed so loud lol I be afraid thy may crawl on me I would freak out.  \ You should always have bug spray on you at all times.
I was eating a hot dog at school. I started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school. \ I lad you was ok did anyone help you or was you embarrassed? 
No one helped me, they just all laughed. Luckily, I was ok. \ Now that was mean and cruel nothing funny about that best outcome is you are fine be careful next time.
I lost my credit card and someone charged 500 dollars on it. \ Oh boy.  That's no good.  Did the credit card company alert you or did they miss it too?
They missed it.  I am so upset that it happened. \ I bet.  I can't believe they didn't alert you.  Were they able to take care of it for you and suspend the charges and the account?
I just had a little girl 3 weeks ago and she had to go into the NICU for breathing problems. I am so happy that we got to bring her home yesterday. \ Oh goodness, is she okay?
The doctor said she's good.  She was born a month early so her lungs were just getting their bearings, so to speak.  She still has to be on a monitor for a while but I'm so thankful she's home and doing really well. \ I really wish the best for y'all.  Good health.
The deadline for the work project was coming in two days and I was not done yet. Thankfully, my co-worker agreed to help me even though he was not obliged to \ That was nice of him. You should take him out for dinner.
I think I owe him. I wish every co-worker was like this in every workplace. What a wonderful world this would be \ That is impossible thou. It is a dog eat dog world out there.
I am ready for my birthday next week. \ Congratulations. Do you have any party planned for this event?
I am going to Las Vegas for my birthday. \ That is cool. Are you going alone or with friends?
I'm quite upset at those I know that complain all the time. \ You shouldn't let those kind of people upset you.
Thats hard to do if you live with them lol. I get that we all can once in awhile..but incessantly day in and out no matter WHAT way things go...so either way? That's a problem. \ Maybe you should move out? Have you thought about that.
My best friend won a free trip to Hawaii. I wish it was me who had won. \ Oh! Yeah I understand that, maybe they will take you?!
He has decided to take his girlfriend. I can't blame him for that. \ Oh yes of course! I am sorry.
I hear something tapping outside my bathroom door. I don't know what it is and I am really scared. \ That is really scary. Are you home alone?
Yes! I don't have a gun or anything! \ I'm sure you are fine. I bet it is just a tree branch or something like that. Maybe a neighbor could go look for you.
My husband broke his back in a car wreck a couple of years ago. For 2 week after we came home the church brought us dinner every night. \ That's so nice. Is he doing better now?
He is doing amazing. We didn't want them to quit bringing food. It was so good. \ I'm sure it was a great comfort to you. Food is a great way to tell someone you care. 
I hate watching movies that are full of gore! I just saw one today and so gross! \ I don't like them either. It makes me sick.
Yes, I was just flipping through the channels and happened upon a man cutting his own leg off. yuck! \ Oh my gosh! That is disgusting!
My mom is always there for me. \ That's great. My mother is like that too, and it's easy take for granted, but not all are so lucky !
Anytime I need anything she is right there to help me. I am so lucky. \ You sure are! At least you appreciate and acknowledge so I'm sure she is pretty glad to have you as her child.
You ever feel like you are the only person on the planet sometimes, like no one understands you? \ Yes, all the time! My girlfriend always thinks I'm so weird.
Aw lol! Well that doesn't sound good at all! We are all weird in one way or another. I have went through a lot of trauma though and  It's hard when you feel disconnected to everything like that. \ I'm sorry to hear that. We all have our demons. Sometimes it's good to take one day at a time and try to stay positive. 
I have an exam next Monday that I plan to ace! \ Good to hear! What is the subject?
It's in Pure Mathematics. I'm great with numbers and I've been studying a lot.  \ That's something to be proud of! Good job!
My niece just turned two and it's weird reading her the books I read as a kid. \ I know the feeling. Seeing my friends kid read the books I used to read brings back great memories.
It's weird having some things that you haven't thought about in decades come rushing back. \ Riiight. It is just so cool to see the younger generations learn and see the things that once brought us joy at one point.
One of my fondest memories was when I went on an airplane for the first time as a child. \ I still love going on planes. Makes the headaches of airports worth it.
I LOVE window seats! As a kid I always made sure to get one and now as an adult I do the same. I love to travel! \ I wish I could still sit in window seats. I'm too tall now, I can only sit on the aisle.
I am really happy when I see the Mile 22 trailer. \ I'm not sure what that is. Tell me about it?
It is an action movie with Mark Wahlberg. \ Oh, okay, I believe I know what you are talking about now. He is a good actor and usually his movies are great!
My husband usually gets a substantial bonus this time of the year, but there's no guarantee. It's difficult waiting, and not knowing! \ What does your husband do for a job?
My husband usually gets a substantial bonus this time of the year, but there's no guarantee. It's difficult waiting, and not knowing! \ You already told me that. Is he in sales or something similar?
I kept looking at the door expecting my father to walk in any minute. \ I hope you wasn't to disappointed was you to going to spend time together? 
Yes, we was supposed to come see me, and he never showed. \ A simple call would have been nice hopefully he has a good explanation for this. 
I got a new position at my job more money and also happy to be recognized for my hard work.  \ YAY, a promotion is always amazing.  when do you start?
I actually started today it was a lot of information to take in but it was such a joy.  \ Thats amazing, financial stability can be a life changer.
I bought a pizza earlier and they overcharged me. \ Can you really put a price on pizza?
Nowadays, yes.  I am irritated about it.  \ I understand,  If a pizza is more than 10 dollars, im not paying.
Everytime i leave the house, who is behind me? my little brother. \ That must be so annoying.
YES, i just want to see my own friends and not have to take care of him for once. \ I'm sorry, maybe one day when he gets older.
One night I couldn't sleep at all. \ Oh no! I hope you didn't have to go anywhere the next day? Did you try anything to help?
Well, I definitely didn't have to go anywhere because the next day was Christmas! \ Oh, well that's a bonus! No one needs sleep on christmas lol
I feel a bit scared sometimes living alone in a rough neighborhood. \ Can't you just live with someone?
No, lol. That brings a lot of drama. I have dogs..but I don't have a weapons. \ Well, dogs are good for protection.
I tipped a vase over accidentally and it broke. \ That stinks. Did you hurt your foot?
No, but I had to sweep it up quickly before my mom found out.  \ I read that wrong, I thought you said you tripped over a vase and it broke. Will you be in trouble if she finds out?
I hate going to walmart. People just walk right out in front of you and don't even say excuse me! \ Maybe they're very eager to go a certain item.
Maybe. It's that hunter gatherer mentality.  Get it before everyone else. \ True, because regretfully I act that way sometimes too.
Just got into an argument with my long distance girlfriend because she felt I wasn't listening to her closely enough while we were on the phone. She hung up, mad. Truth is, I was trying to do some work while talking to her, but I was listening as best I could, too. \ Oh no!  Its always tough in relationships but when you can't go see her or make her talk to you afterwards, I'm sure its extra hard.  Did you call back and tell her that?
I didn't. It's late at night and she's already tired. She had a hard day at work, and she was telling me about it. I wasn't offering detailed responses because they were about very specific things that I couldn't necessarily give a lot of insight to. So, I was just trying to be broadly supportive. She heard me clicking on something in the background, so she flipped and thought I wasn't paying attention at all. \ I'm sure once she calms down, she will look on it as not as big of a deal.  If you have to work, you have to work.  I hope you can work it out!  
I couldn't get into my car in the parking lot the other day and something was wrong with the lock, so I called a locksmith out to open the door and then realized, it wasn't my car. I wanted to crawl into a hole. \ Hahaha. I'm so sorry, but that made me laugh. I really don't mean to make you feel like I'm thinking you're dumb, because I don't. Everyone makes that mistake. I have an old Honda Civic, and I run into that problem, too. You probably gave the locksmith a good story to tell, and made his day. Hopefully you can smile at it tomorrow.
Ha ha.  I'm already laughing about it so no worries.  I felt like an idiot but also grabbed a picture of that car and my car and it even had the same beach sticker on the back of it. It was crazy!  Yeah, the locksmith was so nice that he didn't even charge me.  I was surprise but I guess he felt sorry for me.  he he.   \ Oh man, he didn't charge you? You both kind of won then! A good story for you both at no cost. Well, except for time. It was a good learning lesson. And yeah.. the bumper sticker.. that's crazy. I'm glad you're able to not take yourself so seriously. That makes for a great personality.
I walked in excited because i was finally going to the movie with my mother,  and she was layed out asleep \ Oh, well, I guess that was a bit disappointing huh. Well, maybe you can go real soon.
She keeps telling me every day we can go. \ Oh, well, you're going to have to say, "Mom, I know you're tired but I really want to see this movie, can we please just go? It'll be fun, we need time together".
I've been married a long time, but my husband is gone quite a bit for work. I feel a bit by myself at times because of this :( \ that is no good! you need someone to be there and take care of you.
Luckily, my children still live at home, but it's not quite the same. Plus, it won't be too long before they are ready to move out \ I have never been married, so i cant imagine,  but I would want to be with my spouse every moment of every day.
Life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be.  \ I understand.  Tell me about it.
IKR? You have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes. \ Yes, one day at a time.
I got a promotion at work today. \ Woo hoo! What were you promoted too?
I am now a shift manager.  I am so shocked! \ That's great! What kind of tasks do you do?
In front of everyone my friend jumped off the lunch table and did a backflip. \ That's an interesting way to get attention. What spurred that on? Was it a dare, or was he just feeling wild?
He is a crazy guy.  he said watch this and just hoped up on the table. \ Interesting.. Did he get in trouble? Was this at a high school or something? And does he take gymnastics?! Back flips are hard!
My girlfriend is mad at me, and I feel like when we try to have another discussion tomorrow about why we're fighting, she's just going to get even more angry with me. We're not the best at communicating. \ Do you guys fight often?? How do they usually turn out?
In the early days of our relationship, we did. But then we matured in life and in our relationship, and our communication did improve a little. But I feel like she's so rash and overreactionary and sensitive at times.I want to put off arguments until we cool off, and she wants to have them immediately. We clash sometimes when it comes to perspectives. \ Are your political views the same? and do you think this next fight will end well?
My sister had been feeling down after a breakup. \ I'm really sorry to hear that. What's worse is the best thing for breakups, the only thing that really helps, is time passing by. But the people who are hurting, in the moment, they can't really understand or accept that. So, you feel like you have to help and do something, when in reality it's probably best you don't smother them and that they have space. I hope she feels better, though.
I talked her into coming over to my apartment to watch funny movies and eat junk food to get her mind off of it. \ Yeah, that's a good idea. That's always a solid way to go about it. My roommate had a breakup 6 months ago. I tried not to give any advice that was too specific, because the best solution always has to come from that person themselves. My roommate ended up just focusing on himself as much as possible, diving into artistic endeavors, trying to work out, etc.
I had people stay at my house while I was gone over the weekend, so they wouldn't have to pay for a hotel. When I came back, they had left a mess and didn't really put in much effort to put things back where they found them. They were supposed to be good friends, too. \ That is disappointing. Did you confront them about it? I am sorry you have to deal with that.
Not really. I hate confrontation. And nothing really of cost was lost. I'll just lose time in cleaning up after them. It definitely is a learning experience when it comes to trust... Doubt I'll be an AirBnB host any time soon! \ That's too bad. Lesson learned, I guess.
Have you ever had a surprise birthday party planned for you? I did a few years back. \ Yes.My first was when i turned 18.
That's awesome! What a good year to do it. I remember begging my husband to throw me one every year.  \ LOL.You had to beg your husband for a surprise party??
I trust my wife, i think. \ Why do you say it like that? Is everything okay?
She may be cheating on me. \ Whoa. I'm really sorry and I really hope that's not the case. 
I just moved for work to a new area where I don't know anyone.  \ That sounds stressful! How far did you move?
Well it's in another state. About 5000 miles. I feel far from home. \ That's quite a ways. Do you have any hobbies that could help you meet new people?
I love being lazy on weekends. It's nice to just relax and have nothing to worry about. \ Yeah I hear you! Do you like to read or watch TV?
Both! I spend more time watching TV though. How about you? \ I like to do both as well. TV if I'm feeling lazy, reading if I feel more ambitious. 
My son just said his first words this weekend.  They just came out of nowhere. \ Well, that's wonderful and I know it really is so great to hear your child's first words!
It was!  He has been a little bit of a late bloomer, but it was worth the wait. \ For Sure. Before you know it, he'll be saying full sentences!
My youngest child started high school this year. It really made me think back to her starting kindergarten, and how time really goes by. I can just see her learning to read! \ It is so hard and so rewarding to see them grow up. 
Yes, it really is bittersweet. But, the older they get, the easier it is to think back to the younger days! \ I bet.  I really want to hold on to mine forever, but I know that they need to grow up.  I hope you are still able to make memories with yours even as they are getting older.
I can be so forgetful I left my windows down in my car and my seats was full of water. \ Oh no!! How did you dry them?
They are still air drying what makes it worse I sat in the sets and it looked like I wet myself lol a little embarrassing.  \ Oh that sounds awful! But at least no one stole anything from your car.
I found a hair in my pizza, and now I can't eat \ Did you take it back that is so disgusting. 
I called them and told them about it. They said the next pizza would be free. I said no thanks. \ I wouldn't want another either it takes one time for me to find hair, bug etc and I am done with the restaurant.  
Yes indeed.  I think i am done with eating out for a while \ Best way to ensure your food is clean and free of hair cook it yourself.
I'm in a relationship right now, but sometimes I see people who are single and wish I could go back to a time where I had more freedom, a more simple life. Plus, the feeling of possibility. The grass is always greener though, I guess. \ That is always true. The saying goes..water your own grass.
Yeah, and it's one I will do my best to abide by. I know I'm being stupid. But I feel like everyone gets those restless feelings of wanderlust. I don't know exactly how to overcome mine right now. Hopefully it's just a thing that will go away with time. \ Find some good books and good therapy and make your life what you want it to be. If you truly love your partner then don't lose them over feelings. Feelings are fleeting.
You know that feeling when loneliness just hits you in the gut? \ Yeah, I do. I'm in a long distance relationship. I get that everytime I have to fly back home. I hope you start to feel better, though. Loneliness can end up being a good motivator, however.
Somewhat long distance here I guess? Someone is away at therapy of sorts..As I can't continue to live with them with their deep rooted problems.I have to remember the bad things that I lived with so I can make that feeling stop..then I don't feel as lonely. \ Ah, your situation sounds complicated. I'm sorry you have to deal with that. It sounds like you've given a lot of thought though, and the way you lay it out, you sound very mature about it. You've developed a good perspective on it, one that I should learn to appreciate myself. With your temperament, I'm sure you won't suffer from loneliness very long. People will want to be around you, as long as you want them around you.
I don't really LOL! I have been through a lot of trauma the past year and I only like people around I trust- no drama! Which is very few. As you get older..you realize you just want peace and people you love and who love you around- That's it! We can die at ANY minute..and I have lost MANY this past year..It makes you realize how short life is! Thank you for your kind words! It's always good to see other perspectives that help us feel appreciative of what we have :) Being grateful is the key to a happy life. Thanks for your kind words again! \ You sound like you've dealt with more hardship than the average person. I wish I could empathize with you, but I've been lucky to avoid that kind of thing recently. But I do hope things will turn out differently for you soon. If anything, these things will make you more resilient than the average person, too. That's not worth nothing.
My sky diving instructor was strapped to my back,  and I had not a care in the world. \ Do you feel their weight?
yes, we were flying through the air.  But i felt very safe. \ Sounds exciting. Will you do it again?
My friends have been practicing for weeks. I think they'll do well at the volleyball match \ Are they usually a winning team?
It'll be their first match. \ Oh wow,  I hope they do well.  
I am away in another country for 2 months and I left my apartment with my friend.  \ Wow, that must be scary to have to trust someone else with all of your stuff. What took you out of the country?
I'm on vacation in the Bahamas! I feel they are very reliable so I am sure the place will be fine! \ A two month vacation sounds amazing! I figured it was for work or something when you said two months. What is your favorite thing to do in the Bahamas?
I recently went on a long trip by car. For the first time, it wasn't stressful because I packed everything I needed for it to run smoothly. \ That sounds great! I really pays off to be prepared. 
Yes it does. I was able to eliminate several meal breaks which cut over three hours off my trip time! \ That sounds like some efficient planning! I hope you enjoy your trip!
I am very nervous about my wife giving birth next month. \ That is worrisome but also exciting. Is it your first child?
Yes, it is my first child. It is going to be a boy. \ Congratulations. I wish you the best of luck. Parenthood is a blessing.
I was so upset when my pet goldfish died recently. I really loved Goldie. \ That sucks, how old was the goldfish?
Goldie was almost a year old. She was slowly swimming less and less so it wasn't completely unexpected. \ What did you do with Goldie after she died?
I am sad but ready for my child to graduate high school. \ Aw.  I bet that is so bittersweet. Do they graduate next May?
Yes and he already knows where he is going to college. \ That is a good sign!  I know many kids that age who have no direction so it sounds like he's really going places.  Do you have any other kids that will still be at home?
I have a big certification exam coming up in 3 days and I feel like I'm ready to crush it. \ What is the certification exam for?
Its the 4th exam of of 7 exams for architecture certification. It allows me to head my own design teams, etc. I have been studying for hours upon hours so I'm ready. \ My father was an architect. So I have heard about these exams.
Last week was so hectic. On Monday my daughter forgot her project and I had to bring it to her at school. \ I hear you! Life is SO busy, never enough hours in the day!
To top it off, when I got to the school my daughter pointed out that I still had my pajamas on! It was so hectic that I forgot to get dressed! \ Oh lol! It's ok, you are a mom and it's the hardest job EVER and very thankless. You are doing good
Don't you hate that feeling when you get lonliness and it feels like it's going to make you vomit?  \ Yes I do hate being all alone. That's how I feel when my boyfriend leaves town for work.
:( Long distance is hard too! I just have to remember for myself that it is better to be at peace then to deal with horrible drama. \ Yes you have to do what is best for yourself. Take care of you before others.
I just had a pretty good meal at the Olive Garden. \ Right on, that sounds cool. Did you go with family, or a date? Or maybe just hung out there alone? That's okay, too. I love Italian food, had always wanted to go to Olive Garden, but my dad hates Italian. So when we were growing up, we just never went. Now that I'm on my own, I've been... twice. Both times, they were just okay.
Yeah, it wasn't great but I was satisfied. I went with friends. \ It can be cheap to go there sometimes for an easy filling meal, with the deals and coupons they have, I think. With the bread and soup you can get. I hope you guys had a good time! 
Just found out I'm not getting a promotion at work that I was up for. I'm kind of bummed to not be moving up in the company that I work for, as I really like everyone here, and the company itself, and what we do. But I'm satisfied knowing that someone more deserving than me got it, and that they still see me as worthy in the long run, and that I still get to enjoy my current situation. \ I'm sorry the hear that.  Maybe another company would appreciate your talent.
Well, maybe so, but that's okay. Like I said, I like where I'm at now and I kind of hate change, so we'll stick it out for another year or two and see how it goes. I'm not in a big rush. It's the first job I've gotten since I graduated college, so I don't want to be too hasty and move around too much. I appreciate your viewpoint, though! \ The first job out of college is a good way to test the waters but someday you will have to spread those wings.
I am very sad these days \ I am so sorry to hear that. Is it related to your work?
No. i am sad because of president Trump. \ I see. Well, this is how democracy works and we will have to accept it
I have a presentation to prepare for this week and I am finding it really hard to meet the deadline. I am so stressed \ Keep calm.That is the very important step you should take.
I know, but somehow the crippling anxiety is filling me from inside and I can't stay calm most of the time \ You should breath deep and start focusing on the issue in hand.
Ever since my kids left and went to college I am such a loner. \ I can understand you. But this is the cycle of life, right? Kids grow and they have to find their own way of life in this world
Yes you are right at least I have my cats to keep me company lol so I'm not to much alone. \ Good for you. You can also call your friends to hang out if you have close ones
Tomorrow, I have my driving test. This whole weekend I practiced parallel parking which is the hardest part of it \ Just take your time and don't get so nervous you got this. 
I am trying to. My friend who got his recently, has been helping me with some insightful tips for the test \ Great to have some hands on help parallel parking is very hard but once down packed it is easy.
I have a C average but still graduated with a degree. \ That's ok.  Employers don't look at your grades I don't think.
Thanks. I'm not as smart as others, but I did work hard. \ It sounds like you have determination, and that is worth more than a 4.0
i didn't get to see my favorite character when i went to disney world. \ Oh no, I'm sorry. Did you stay long?
I was there for 4 days.  I wanted to see Cinderella but I kept missing her. \ Maybe she was around, but it wasn't time for the ball yet.
I am looking forward to the upcoming football season. \ Yeah it should be a good one. Who is your favorite team?
The Dallas Cowboys!  I can't wait for tailgates! \ Hope Dak has a good year! I am all about the tailgating.
I was walking my dog last night and I saw a furry animal rummaging in the neighbor's trash can. \ That must have been somewhat weird.
I went closer to get a better look. The thing almost jumped on me. I was so shocked. It turned out to be a raccoon. \ Oh goodness, that is so creepy!
I'm going to Vegas next weekend. I can't wait! \ That sounds so exciting get ready for sleepless nights and long nights gambling. 
hahah I hope I don't too much time gambling. Don't want to come home broke. \ Know your limit once you start gambling it will make it much easier so you won't go broke.
I have a special dinner arranged for me and my husband this week. \ That's wonderful. He'll be so excited when he finds out!
Yes he will it's his birthday and we can have a night alone no kids just a nice dinner. \ I hope you guys have a great time. Just the two of you.
I'm going to drive a truck. Never driven a car that big before. \ I'm sorry, but I don't envy you... I've always just driven a little sedan. I'm an alright driver, but if I had to drive something bigger, I'd be nervous, too. Too easy for me to make mistakes. I kind of dread the day where I'll have to drive a big Uhaul truck. I hope things go well for you, though.
Thank you so much. I hope with time I'll be okay with it. For now, I'm kinda scared. \ Well, as long as you're patient and careful, you'll minimize your mistakes. There are those who go out there and think they know everything. Even if they're a good driver, they may be more likely to slip up and have a problem than you would. So, just stay positive!
My wife just got a promotion and a 10% raise. I should be ecstatic for what this means for our family and financial future, but it's hard to not let my selfishness and ego get in the way, and think about how she's been more successful than me. We're currently in the same industry. \ Maybe you can observe what she's doing and use that to advance in the industry as well.
That's a fair point. But we do different jobs, just in the same industry. So I couldn't necessarily learn from her, but she's close enough to what I do, that I still subconsciously compare ourselves, even though I shouldn't. I know this will all pass in a few days, hopefully. But in the meantime, I hate that I have to actively not be passive aggressive towards her, when I should just be happy. \ I'd be worried about having these kinds of feelings towards your wife.
I was riding my bike yesterday near some woods. I heard a creepy voice say "come closer I need to tell you something". \ That does sound creepy. What did you do?
Naturally I went in the woods to investigate. There was a really evil looking clown that started chasing me. I was so scared. \ Clowns are scary. Did you make it out safe?
Went to the carnival this past weekend. It was a lot of fun \ Oh that is pretty cool. Were there any clowns there?
hahah there were actually, but no creepy ones. \ That is good to hear. I like the ones that are funny better.
I went to my first official concert last month I was so amazed it was a surprise to even go there.  \ Concerts can be a lot of fun! Will you be going to another one?
Yes if they can outdo Queen Bey lol we saw Beyonce and she put on a awesome show a night to remember.  \ I've never been to a Beyonce concert. Always sold out! I'm glad you got to see her.
Went to a local concert, and so many people were there. All the bands were unknown. \ Did it turn out to be a great event even though the bands was unknown? 
Yea, it was a whole lot of fun. Music was really good. \ That is good to hear I would enjoy a night with some great music. 
The other day I heard some strange noises coming from my attic. It sounded like someone was walking back and forth. \ That sounds scary! What was it?
I am too scared to go look. I heard that the people who lived here before may have died in the home. \ Oh no. Are there other people at home with you?
I've been stressing at work, and my coworker gave me a pair of movie tickets they weren't using \ That was nice of them. What movie do you want to see?
I'm not sure yet. Probably a feel good movie. \ You should see 8th grade. Nice story about a girl growing up. You will like it.
My friend speaks 4 languages. I'm sure they'll get that interpreter job at the embassy \ That is very impressive. Do you know what languages they are?
Yea. English of course, then French, Spanisha and Chinese. \ wow, I bet Chinese is one the State Department really needs right now. I hope your friend gets the job.
The worst think is when I do not have any clean clothes for work. The other day I had to wear my yoga pants because I forgot to do the laundry. \ Wow. You can wear yoga pants to work? I'd like that dress code!
