Mine too. So I drive there and pull in the parking lot and it's completely empty. I then realized it was Sunday. \ That has happened to me too many times to count
I was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad I have someone like her around. \ That is so nice. Moms are the best. You are lucky to have a good one!
I know, make sure to cherish the people you have in your life! \ I definitely will! My mom is sick , so I plan on spending all the time with her I can!
I recently found out I am getting a pay raise at work!  \ That's so good for you! Are you going to save more money now?
I am going to try. This has really raised my morale at work! \ I can imagine! I hope you're able to save a lot and have good financial security.
Hey dude. I feel so grossed out right now. \ Do I even wanna hear it? Okay tell me... what happened? :o
you do..... I was very hungry last night so I reached for some chocolate on my table. As I was wrapping themI was so excited!!!! Well, I put them in my mouth and immediately realized they had ants in them! \ So you had chocolate covered ants! I bet thats pricey somewhere in another country! ha ha 
I told my daughter I would take her to the pool last weekend, and never did. :/  \ oh man did you forget?
No I just have been so busy but i feel really bad about it  \ well hopefully she understands too, you seem pretty guilty about it.
Last year when the hurricane came, we spent weeks gathering supplies and boarding up the house. \ That's sounds like a very smart and effective safety precaution. Was it enough to adequately defend your family?
It was! I was thankful we did so much in anticipation for the hurricane! \ Did you end up feeling like you had stronger defenses than the hurricane had strength when it reached your area? I mean in an overprotected kind of way.
A couple years ago, my friend died from an overdose. We were not super close but it was fun hanging out and I felt very shocked when I heard the news. \ That is really sad. Many people I grew up with have passed from overdose. It's tragic.
I agree, I thought the war on drugs was meant to combat or maybe even make ground against this. I don't think it is working.  \ I don't believe it is either. I'm so sorry to hear about your friend.
Recently I bought a keyboard that I was looking forward to buying for a long time. My old one kept double-tapping on certain letters. I was so happy when it arrived, I took it out of the box and I have had so much fun using it since then. \ That is great. Did you buy anything else?
No, I only bought the keyboard. A few months before that though, I bought a nice mouse. \ So you have relatively new computer essentials. Sounds like you are set for the next while.
I went to a circus recently and was thought it was going to be boring, but it was very fun! \ That sounds cool, what did the circus consist of? Did they have elephants?
No exotic animals were at the circus which I why I thought it would be boring. But there were a lot of acrobatics and terrifying stunts by people! \ Cool! I haven't been to a circus in years. I think I should go again soon.
 I feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. She is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat. \ That's pretty cool.  It always helps to have someone helping you when you're sick.
yeah she is simply amazing you know. I have never had that \ I had a girlfriend who was really caring. Baked me a birthday cake, made me a scarf, and bought me clothes...but I messed it up and we're no long together but you live and you learn
My mom's restaurant pics on Facebook give me a mixed feeling of nostalgia, guilt, and fond memories. My brother and I are usually part of their weekend restaurant excursions but we are both out of state doing our own thing  \ oh man, do you miss it? How about your brother?
I miss my family, not so much the Midwest weather they have to deal with lol...it's freezing up there \ oh yeah that's way too cold! I'm sorry you feel a bit homesick. Remember you are away because you are bettering yourself
I confronted a cashier the other day about over charging me but it turns out that I was wrong.  \ Ouch!  That had to feel embarrassing!  Did you apologize?
I did profusely!   \ That's good.  That shows your true character.
I can't believe my luck! I won $250 on a $1 scratch off ticket. I really needed that money too! \ Wow! That never happens! You must have been so excited! 
Man, was I!  I had to keep looking at it to make sure it was real! \ I would have bought more tickets hoping I was having good luck after that! 
We got a new girl in class yesterday and I bet my friends that I could get her number! Let's just say lunch was on them. \ Wow that is really confident on your end. Are you going to do anything with the girl
Well that's the attitude you have when you look like Brad Pitt. Maybe take her out to the movies and try to get to second base. \ That sounds exciting. Just make sure she is okay with it all before!
I lost my friend in a car accident. It has been very sad news. \ That's sucks. You must have been devastated when you got the news.
Yes I was. I felt so numb when I first got the news, but slowly learned to cope with it. \ You'll get over it. They're probably up in heaven watching over you now.
I am so mad at the republicans. \ I am too actually. I don't care for them at all!
The fact they want to allow the online printing of the 3d guns is just disgusting. \ They're obsessed with guns, what do you expect?
My doctor recently talked me through a very complicated and scary procedure. \ Are you ok? How is your recovery?
It is going well. I have never had so much faith in a doctor, his words really put me at ease. \ You are lucky to have a top-notch doctor helping you.
Last weekend I was dragged to a live piano performance at a local concert hall.  I came away thinking it might have been one of the best live shows I have ever seen! \ That's great, from the sound of it, your probably thought it was going to be boring, huh?
I did, but I was so enthralled by the entire thing.  The pianist was amazing! \ That must have been very entertaining to watch then. I'm glad you enjoyed it so much.
We were talking to my husband's grandma and she asked about the rain hitting us. I thought she was talking about the rain we got on the way to see her, but she wasn't. \ What was she referring to then?
She was talking about the rain storms that hit earlier in the week, and asked if we were effected by them.  \ I see.  Do you get a lot of storms in your location?
Not too much, but when she asked I said we did, but we were talking about two different things. \ I always hate that when you are never on the right wavelength with someone during a conversation
I never finished school. I had problems with my mental health and just stopped showing up to class. It was very hard for me. \ Oh no, are you feeling any better now? Or are you still having problems?
Well this was four years ago. I am barely starting to feel better now, I am in the beginning steps of going to vocational school \ Oh, well that sounds like a step in the right direction at least. I hear vocational school is great for many different kind of jobs, usually more physical.
I had a job interview today and i think it really well. \ that's really good you feel pretty secure about it then?
The interviewer told me that I was his favorite interview so far. And I think my qualifications are a really good match for the company. \ oh wow then that is really good! For someone to say that! You should be very proud of yourself.
I recently invested pretty heavily into cryptocurrency. I'm anxiously awaiting to see if it pays off! \ That is very risky and volatile!  With no risk, there is no reward!  I am rooting for you!
Thanks for the kind words. Yeah, it is a bit risky. I did invest heavily, but not so much so that it burdens my finances. \ That is a good position to be in.  There have been millionaires made in crytocurrency.
I just found out that my supervisor approved a pay increase for me starting next week! It was completely unexpected and I am elated! \ Oh wow! What's better than a raise? A raise you didn't even expect!
That's what I am saying!  It was a great windfall! \ Is it a pretty substantial increase?
My niece got her license last week! \ That's great. I bet she's never home now.
She's not!  I can't believe it, I'm so happy with how grown up she is now. \ I know, time fly's by so fast. Congrats to her. Just tell her to be careful on the road.
Yesterday we watched "The Land Before Time" in class. That movie brings back so many memories. \ That movie is a classic! I loved it as a kid!
Yes, I remember we used to call one of my friends Petrie because he looked exactly like him. \ Hahah! That is awesome!
I am so happy for my daughter.  \ I am happy to hear that! Any specific reasons?
She got accepted at Harvard. I am so proud of her her. \ Wow that is a huge achievement! Any parent would be proud.
I tried to make a new dish last night for dinner, but when it tasted to gross I had to throw it out. \ That could happen to anyone.Don't feel so bad.
Yea I will still try new dishes. I just can't get the terrible taste out of my mouth! \ Keep trying and you will see improvments.
I was really happy and appreciative  \ what about friend?
Yes a friend too \ but what about?
I am going on a road trip so later today I have to buy stuff for sandwiches, waters, snacks, I have even made a list. I think I am really ready for this. \ That's good launch you gat tere 
yeah I think so too, I am not very well off so I won't be able to buy food a lot so that's what I will be eating \ ok that is cool
The other day I was at work and my friend wouldn't help do any of the work! the entire day she just sat there and talked, I was so mad at her. I practically did all the work that day \ Oh man, that sucks. You may need to say something to her. 
I did, and she said that she was going to change. i just hope that she wasn't just saying something to get rid of me \ Hopefully. Maybe she was having a bad day.
I invited my mom out to dinner the other night, because we haven't seen other in a while. I was all willing to pay, since I invited her, but she stole the check and paid for it instead.  \ Wow! That must've been a surprise 
It was! I thanked her and said that I could get it next time we went out.  \ She must've really enjoyed the time. Where did you guys go out to eat? Was it nice?
We went to "Cowboy Mexican" place near us called La Hacinda Ranch. They have really good veggie fajitas and the atmosphere is really nice. \ Sounds cool! There isn't anything like that around here.
Last weekend, I won $2500 playing roulette at the casino! \ Wow that is a lot of money! Congrats!
Thanks! I still don't know what to spend the money on. \ If all else fails, save it!
I recently flew for the first time on an airplane! \ Wow! That must have been exciting. Were you nervous?
My anxiety was through the roof, it was terrible! \ Oh, that sucks! Did you relax a bit after take off or were you anxious the whole time?
i felt bad after my partner discovered that i was cheating him \ Well, you should.You did a nasty thing.
i came to discover later after heartbreaking him \ That really does not make a lot of sense.
I just can't wait for this weekend \ what about it?
My family and I are going camping in the mountains. \ really? that seems to be an amazing event
That is so awesome! Did it take a while for your baby to learn that? \ I'm not sure.  What baby is it?
It's the baby that you described above. It's your baby, right? \ Yeah, that's my baby.  It learned to roll over after about 5 months.
I was on the phone with my bank about some overdraft charges that were charged because of their error. I am still angry about it. \ That's horrible! I hope it wasn't a lot of money!
It was about $350 in fees.  I was able to get them all reversed but it took about a month.  So irritating! \ That's happened to me before. I hate trying to get things like that settled.
I witnessed a man rob an old woman walking across the street. Boils my friggin' blood! \ Oh my God that's terrible!  So sad.  I'd be mad too.  What did you do?
I would have chased that punk down if I was close enough, but I saw it from a distance.  \ Did the police come? I hope she got her stuff back
They did, and I explained in as much detail as I could remember what he looked like. Hopefully they catch him. \ No kidding.  I would hate for that to happen to anyone else.
I felt so bad for her. She seemed really shook up. \ I bet.  The world can be so scary!  I'm glad she was okay
My sister is so lucky adn sso good at design, she has the prettiest nursery set up for her daughter!  My kids were lucky to have a matching crib bed set lol \ That's cool! It's nice to have someone close that is talented like that and can help with those things.
Yes, she's just so naturally good at it.  I'm not crafty but she is. Always has been.  Her daughter is going to have a gorgeous room as long as she's under her roof \ I always wish I was good at design. I've tried, but I'm pretty garbage, haha!
Next week Madden 19 comes out, I look forward to it every year! \ I used to play Madden a lot so I understand the excitement.  It is a fun game
I agree, it also means football season is around the corner which is my happiest time of the year.  What about you? \ I do enjoy football, it means that fall is right around the corner and I love the weather
Yes thankfully that means summer is going to someday end.  It has been brutally hot where I am. \ Me too, god bless air conditioning
Yes whoever invented air conditioning deserves a Nobel peace prize, he or she has probably prevented a million fights and a million deaths lol. \ True,  heat makes me angry
I was looking through my attic this weekend for stuff to donate to the local shelter and I came across a box with all of my old baseball gear.  It really brought back memories \ I used to collect too when I was a kid, I still have some but they are probably worth nothing other than nostalgia.
Oh I don't mean cards, I mean gear like old jerseys, batting gloves, and stuff I used when I played \ Oh oh I got you neat!  So stuff you used to play in as a kid.  That is nice of you, sports equipment can be expensive
Yes it can.  I think I will donate some of the stuff.  But I am keeping my old jerseys and ball glove.  Too many good times come to mind to get rid of it \ Oh sure, I played football in high school and still have my letter jacket and one really messed up jersey.  I dont think I would ever get rid of them
So the other day was my 23rd Birthday! I had no idea what my friends had planned but i walked into a room, a room which i thought was empty as the lights were all off, and all my friends jumped out and yelled happy birthday! It was such a shock, and felt so nice to have people who cared deeply about me provide me with such an experience!  \ Must of been pretty surprised, Also great to have friends like that.
It really was! They even had my favorite kind of cake, chocolate mousse from my favorite bakery!  \ That must of just made everything even better!
My dog died a few years ago after I had my son.  It was right around Christmas and I had the dog for fourteen years. \ Im sorry to hear that. I have never had a dog. What was your experience of the dog?
The dog was there with my throughout my life. He saw me through boyfriends and friends. \ I am really sorry to hear that. What was the dogs name?
I left his house, filled up with his food and disgust. I left his fridge completely empty and feel guilth \ That would be hard to do and take courage. 
Thanks man, at the heat of the moment I ate due to my flashbacks I was traumised. \ I could see that happening but sounds like you were super brave.
 it feels like hitting to blank wall when i see the darkness \ Oh ya? I don't really see how
dont you feel so.. its a wonder  \ I do actually hit blank walls a lot of times but i get by
 i virtually thought so.. and i used to get sweatings \ Wait what are sweatings
Hi how are you doing today \ doing good.. how about you
Im good, trying to understand how someone can feel like hitting a blank wall when they see the darkness \ it's quite strange that you didnt imagine it
I saw a picture of a dog on reddit that looked a lot like mine so I called out the person saying it was a picture of my dog, but it turned out I was wrong.  Whoops. \ Thar was an embarasing moment for sure
Yeah, I don't like calling people out in general, don't know what made me think to do it this time. \ Maybe you are felling lonely these days?
I miss my college days, it was pure fun. \ College in general tends to be a lot of fun.  Anything in particular?
Just the parties and the amount of sex I had \ Sounds like a grand old time.
My new hotel neighbors are very noisy.  \ get them reported
I might just do it, thank you. \ You are welcome, if you take your stand they will  behave
I am irritated at people who smoke near me at work. It turns one into a second hand smoker \ Why can't you just move away when they smoke?
oh no, I can't be doing that everyday, I will just have to join the board so that I can influence a policy against them \ That seems like a rather complicated situation than.
My best friend at work recently left the job to start her nursing career. \ Have you heard how she's doing at her new job? 
She's doing well. I was so emotional with her leaving. I feel a lot of sentiment about it. \ Yeah, that sounds hard. :/ I'm sorry you're missing her. 
The other night, the sky got really dark and it started raining really heavy and hailing.  \ Oh that sounds ominous!
It was! I wasn't expecting a storm. The power went out.  \ That sounds scary! I hope it all ended okay!
Right before going into work, I spilled my drink all over my pants. Looks like I peed! \ Oh man I hate when that happens...did you dry it off or change to a new pair?
I didn't have a new pair on me, so I had to work the first few hours and do my best to hide it! \ Dang that sucks.  You should check out the brand Mizzen and Main, I heard it on a Tim Ferriss podcast once...dress shirts and pants that wick away moisture like underarmour
Growing up poor helped me appreciate the simpler things in life.  I was enthusiastic and content with the littlest things, like trips to McDonald's after Sunday Mass followed by walks on the beach and window shopping at the mall.  Some people may cherish an affluent childhood but I feel like I'm at an advantage fiscally, psychologically, and spiritually because I can never take any small thing for granted \ I can absolutely see where you're coming from! Growing up my parents were neither wealthy nor very poor, but I feel like I had a great childhood.
That's cool.  Would you say these days you're living a minimalistic or lavish lifestyle \ I live pretty minimalist. I have the things I need to enjoy life, like a home gym and a gaming computer while being able to afford living essentials. It doesn't take much for me to be happy.
My son starts kindergarten next week, I am a stay at home mom. I want to get caught up on scrapbooking my pictures of him! \ I bet you're both excited and nervous about it! I have two kids of my own and one will be starting in about a year while the other is going to fourth grade.
I had all these plans when I had my son, they didn't work out but I am wishing that this does! \ I'm sure it will! I hope it all works out for you.
I just started my own business, here's to hoping it goes well! \ How fun! That must have been scary to do that!
It's always a huge risk, but it's something I've been wanting to do for a long time. What's life without risk? \ That is true! I bet it is taking a lot of time, you must be exhausted!
Hey there bud, how's it goig? \ Not very good. My insurance might not cover the damages.
Damages? That sucks. What happened? \ Someone scratched my car and slashed my tires.
I'm surprised the police are going to let they get away with it. \ Did you have an enemy or someone as a suspect?
I think the mailman might be mad at me because I keep ordering heavy items. \ Weird reaction. I feel like he should just do his job and not key your car.
I always make a list before i buy groceries, never forget anything that way. \ That is impressive.You must have a super memory.
Well I mean I write it down on a list, that way I never forget anything haha. \ I know.I was just being sarcastic with you.
I miss my grandparents so much it hurts. \ I'm sorry to hear that, do you have positive memories that you can remember them with at least?
yes, they live in a farm just outside were I live.We used to go there 2 times a month on weekends. \ Oh well it's good they're still around.
My test results come back today. I do hope everythings ok. \ What are you worrying about?
I had an abnormal ekg and they did a stress test on my heart to make sure everything's alright. \ Well, I hope it's alright, heart problems is not something you should take lightly.
I recently discovered that there are plenty of like minded people around where I live. \ That's always a good thing. It means you should get on great with your neighbors.
Yes, Just knowing that I'm not alone is such a great feeling. \ Most of my neighbors are good, kind people too, so I know just what you mean.
Someone made a huge mess in the microwave in the break room and didn't clean it up. \ oh, sorry to hear this. you just want to make it up clean soon
I want whoever made the mess to clean it up.   \ you have to find the person who did this.then you should made the mess to clean it up
i felt anxious during my work. the finance related work which gives me satisfaction \ Why did you feel anxious?
i love my job. i eagerly awaited to achieve and go  as long as i want in my life.  \ Hmm.. I'm a little confused.  Why were you anxious?
I feel like if there's one thing equal to if not greater than sex it's seeing all my bills paid, debt nonexistent, income far greater than expenses and a nice fat check from tax returns at the end of the year. \ I agree, man. Almost nothing feels as good as financial security.
Exactly.  Good lovin don't pay the bills \ But good lovin' can be a bill.. if you know what I mean.
Hurricane season is right around the corner. Time to get prepared. \ What do you do to get prepared?
Make sure we have an escape route planned in case we have to evacuate. Make sure we have loads of bottled water, canned foods and things like that. \ Sounds like somebody's thinking ahead! Do you listen to a lot of Alex Jones
i promised my wife that i will stop drinking but it seems hard to stop, i feel so bad \ Maybe you could try AA meetings or suggest to your wife that she can go to Al Anon meetings. It's a good first start.
thanks alot \ It worked for me and my husband. We were going through the same type of thing for about a year.
My husband's socks and underwear are all over the house! \ Talk to him wisely
I'm not sure what you mean by "wisely." I could tell him, "Hey, I don't want to pick up after you," but I'm not sure that would go over well. \ Oh I mean talk to him in the way that he will understand. With love so that he reasons with you
We were eating ice cream last night and my son walked over to a police officer and started talking to him. \ Well that's sweet. How did the policeman react?
He was so nice, he even volunteered to set up a meeting with the mayor and my son! \ Oh wow! That's awesome! Your son sounds like he has a bright future!
I have to give a speech at work tomorrow and I'm so nervous! \ I would be too! Have you had time to prepare?
Oh yeah, I always start early! \ That's good. I'm sure you will do good!
When I was younger, I used to always watch my dad's softball games. Recently, he played in a game with his old buddies. It brought back so many memories of the old days. \ Ah, I have so many fond memories of playing ball in the yard with my dad!
They are some of the best memories. I'll cherish them forever. \ That's fantastic :) Nostalgia is an amazing thing
My brother got into his first choice college! It was quite surprising \ That's amazing! I bet he was elated.
He was! I couldn't be more happy or him. He's always wanted to go there and most of his friends are as well \ You'll have to congratulate him for me. What a great accomplishment.
I just got a job interview! \ You must be so happy? What was the job you got a interview for?
It's a nanny position watching two twin babies. \ Is the nanny job close to where you live?
I went back to my home where I grew up and a flood of good memories came bavk to me. I had so many fun times with my best friends when I was a child.  \ What is your favorite memory with your friends?
Playing outside in the summer time. Many fun summer times. Swimming holes, icecream, catching fireflies. \ That sounds like so much fun! I'm glad you got to go back to revisit.
I'm considering leaving my wife for my nanny because she seems more interested in my than my wife \ Thing very carrefully before making this important decision.
My wife is carried away with her career, she does not even care about my meals or my health, we only see on sundays \ She is probably working hard to provide a better life for the family.
I thank God everyday for the wife I have \ You must be taking good care of her in and out if you know what I mean
Yes, but she actually takes even better care of me and that is why i am so grateful  \ I hope you can make her realize how grateful you are by being faithful
I've been with my wife for over 10 years and have always been dedicated to her. I can't understand why some people cheat. \ Oh me neither! I don't like a cheater!
Yeah. I've always said that if you're tempted to cheat, why not just end the relationship first? \ Seems simple, but nobody does it that way it seems like.
I heard my favorite childhood song the other day! \ Oh yeah? What song is it?
It was an N Sync song. It was like a blast from the past, made me feel strange! \ Oh man, just saying that name brings back nostalgia for me!
I spent many years taking care of my grandmother. Those are great memories! \ That is great, but I take she is not alive anymore??
No, she recently passed away. But she got to live a long and spoiled life. She passed at 75. \ Well, she is in a better place for sure.
I am so sad these days because the way president Trumps acts. \ I would have to agree with you there. I don't trust him at all!
And he can't stop lying all the time. \ I agree. I can't understand how his supporters don't see it! I guess they don't WANT to see it!
I'm about to move out of state all by myself. It makes me so nervous \ You'll be fine. It will be a great learning experience.
I hope so. Being independent comes with a lot of anxiety as well \ I agree, but the journey makes it worth it. You'll meet new people and have new experiences.
My took me white water rafting with him last week. When we got to the river I started having second thoughts. \ I've done that before. Getting over that initial fear is really hard. But it's fun once you do!
I know, but since it was my first time I didn't know how to act. My mind started to go blank and I started to sweat profusely.  \ I understand completely. It's that initial anxiety. It's a scary thing to do!
Hi there. Did you do anything fun for the 4th of July? I went kayaking and hit some pretty heavy rapids. I had trouble with them, but the friend I was with did not. \ That's awesome.  Do you go kayaking often?
As often as I can. I don't get to enough. It's hard to get away from work.  \ Do you own your own kayak or do you rent?
I just bought one this Christmas. It was a good investment. \ I want to get a sea kayak (I like to fish)
I've never been ocean or sea kayaking before. I bet that would be very fun, especially if fishing were involved. \ Its also a lot cheaper than a boat and you can get into the shallow salt flats easy.
I just replaced my headlights in my truck and one of them went out inside of a week. \ That's very irritating! Is it difficult to change the headlights in your truck?
It's not but its a pain in the neck and $35  \ Yeah that shouldn't happen. I hate changing the headlights on my car. They made it really tough to get to.
That's the nice part about a truck. Plenty of room. Terrible gas mileage. \ I can see the appeal. I have the opposite situation. Tiny sub-compact, but goes a long time on a tank.
I went to the gym this morning with my friend and watched him jump rope for an hour straight without stopping \ Seems incredible but also kind of boring at the same time.
Yeah, I know...I couldn't stand doing it if I could do it. \ Was anyone else there watching him too?
I couldn't wait for my mom to finally get here from New Jersey. She would stay about a week and a half. \ I bet you are pretty anxious and excited at the same time.
Yeah, she would be able to see the kids, and she hardly ever comes to visit. \ its always nice when grandmas come visit.
I am so happy for my son. \ What did your son do that makes you so happy?
He was just accepted at MIT.hE WORKED HARD FOR THAT. \ That's great! I'm sure that you are a very proud parent!
My husband actually did the laundry last night. \ Good for you.It looks he is making an effort.
I agree! He never does it unless I ask him to! It was a good surprise. \ He just proved he loves you a lot.
I am very anxious about the country these days \ Why are you anxious about the counry?
Because of the tarif war president Trump declare to the world. \ I think we'll be fine.   Peopel talk a lot about a trade war but, leave out the fact that places like the EU already tax our goods at much higher rates than we tax theirs.      How can they call us raising our tariffs a trade war if they're still lower than what they bill us? 
I won $20 in a shooting competition with my friends, and a lot of bragging rights. \ Congrats.I bet they were very impress with you.
It was pretty great. I made them look like amatures \ I bet they will never challenge you again.
Last week, my brother landed a 900 on his skateboard like Tony Hawk at a skating competition. \ Oh wow, that sounds like it might be cool but I don't know what that looks like, what is the 900?
It's when you turn a skateboard 900 degrees while spinning in the air. It's very hard to do, so you can imagine the look on my face when I saw my brother do it. \ Yea, how old is your brother?
Hi friend, did you ever have an experience like mine? One where you have stepped into the dog poo? \ Yes, It feels disgusting and you want to throw your shoe away afterwards. 
Yea, did you ever do it in the barefooting. This is how I did it recently. \ No, never barefoot. I hope you took a long shower. Smelling like dog poo wont get you any ladies.
I have been really down lately. I recently lost a close family member.  \ That would be tough. Have you found a support group to go too?
No, it isn't that bad. It's just grief of losing my grandmother. She was 93 and lived a very full and exciting life. It's just hard to know she is no longer here.  \ That would be difficult! I can't imagine the pain you must be going through. Sounds like ya'll have good memories together.
We did. She always had her own garden and taught me all kinds of skills related to farming, preparing, and canning food. She was an awesome person.  \ That sounds like a great gandma! You are so blessed to have those memories with her!
Thanks. I agree. I will miss her, but I will always have her spirit with me.  \ My mom thinks that her grandma's spirit is in me, because she died right before I was born.
We go camping a lot during the summer. My favorite piece of equipment is my hammock! \ I love camping, and understand why a hammock is your favorite. They're so comfortable!
They are, I love to read a good book while hanging out in the hammock! \ That sounds amazing, as long as you're not reading scary books about the woods!
I wouldn't do that! Just a good book, where I didn't have to think much! \ I agree. Camping and hammocks are for relaxing and letting the mind be free. 
i had some weak feeling on my interview day \ I'm sorry, interviews can be rough. Was there a part of the interview day that you found especially difficult?
no i had to take it the way it was \ Maybe it went better than you thought! If not, you still gained some experience from the day.
When I got married I had to board my dog at the vet, I felt so awful about it! \ really?
Yes, I was afraid he would miss me. I just felt so bad being away from him. \ pets are good as they keep company
My dog I've had since I was a kid died a few days ago. It makes me very sad \ oh my god, it's like a most heartbroken moment of me
It's sad, but you kind of expect it sometimes and luckily it wasn't sudden so that helped me to prepare \ because in that moment is a gift and the last end of hope
because in my family is very innocent about all (ex:to handle the regular work and school) still i am to rained in my family and me also learn about that \ I'm not quite sure what you are telling me, but handling work and school is certainly hard
be sure to train about to the next generation to way of good things \ I suppose. Training the next generation is important
I feel abandon these days. \ Whats wrong? Did anything happen? Have you reached out to any friends lately?
My wife left me a month ago.My friends are trying to help me,but it's not working \ Aw man, Im sorry. That sounds rough. I know how you feel. Time usually helps but it's pretty gradual. Hang in there.
My parents gave me a car for graduating from college. It makes my life so much easier. \ You deserved for graduating.
Thanks, now all I got to do is get a real career. I couldn't have done it with out them. \ Just keep working hard and make them proud.
I can't believe the state of our politics in America. \ Can we use the "broken" to describe our political system? 
Absolutely. Things have gotten so crazy that's it's almost pointless to engage others in objective discussion. \ I agree, the political system we have is a mess and I think it will get worse.
The more problems I have to deal with, the more faith, and faithful I become. I am stronger in my faith when bad things happen in my life and around me. \ I'm glad to hear you have something you can lean on in hard times. I'm personally an Atheist but I can respect someone with faith.
I was told once by a dear departed friend that "what ever floats a persons boat it good because it keeps people sane as long as no one is being hurt.  \ I absolutely agree. As long as you aren't hurting anyone, do whatever you please!
I just found out I am pregnant! \ Wow congratulations! Is this your first?
Yes! I could not be more ecstatic! I am so looking forward to being a mom! \ Wow I'm sure you'll be a great parent! Best of luck!
I had to go to the doctor recently to get my foot looked at, always makes me scared going there. \ My boyfriend had issues with his foot, he's even had a few hospital stays for it.
Oh that's unfortunate, mine was for a possible infection. \ His was too. He had an ulcer that got very infected. Lost half his pinky toe.
When I went back to work I felt very uneasy about taking my infant to daycare. I was so upset and worried. \ I feel you.I had the same feeling when I first left my child on day-care 
I'm glad you understand. I would panic at work, I couldn't relax! I ended up deciding to stay home with him full time after just three weeks back at work. \ You are gonna have to let go one day.It's gonna be hard
I have been feeling very apprehensive these days. \ I'm sorry to hear that, is there something in particular that's bothering you the most?
The racial tensions that are growing in the country thanks to Trump. \ I agree that tensions are higher than ever! Hopefully our country will get on the right track soon, I'm looking forward to voting in the primaries.
I'm thrilled. I got a raise! \ That is a great news. You surely have done a great job.
Best Ever. I didn't have a clue I was going to get it. I just walked in and boom got a raise. \ You are very lucky
I am kind of mad at one of my co-workers \ Oh no!  Why are you mad at them?
It is just one..He got the promotion I was after. \ That stinks!  Try not to be jealous though.  Something else will come your way.
I was giving a presentation at work in front of upper management the other day. I forgot what I was talking about, started sweating and turned bright red! It was horrible! \ I bet it was.It looks like you had a panic attack.
Yeah, it was humiliating.  They were just sitting the staring at me.  The silence was brutal! \ You probably need to do some kind of therapy to supres these panic attacks.
When my friend comes over he never keeps an eye on his kids and they ravage my home! \ That is horrible! Have you ever said anything to him about it?
I don't know how to bring it up. I always hope he'd catch subtle hints like when I ask his kids to please not climb on my stuff! \ Maybe you should mention that you just want a "guy's night" and he would get the hint? 
I really enjoy going to Disney because it makes me feel very nostalgic for my childhood.  \ I've actually never gone there. What's it like?
It's pretty awesome! Lots to do for adults as well. I tend to go to Epcot quite often with my annual pass. We live right down the street.  \ That's good to hear. I do plan on taking my kids in the future!
I forgot to pack my suit so I had to borrow my friend's extra one when attending a wedding, and man it fits so bad! I look terrible! \ That sucks. Well on the bright side at least you had a suit. Hopefully you were just a regular attendee. 
I was, but I still felt so self conscious it was hard to enjoy the night. \ Yeah, I know how that is. I bet you won't forget it next time after having to endure all that.
I had a job interview yesterday that I thought went really well, but it didn't. They just emailed me back and told me that I didn't get the job. \ Oh man, I'm sorry to hear that! It doesn't necessarily mean it went bad, though. Maybe they just had a more qualified candidate?
I'm just pretty embarrassed, I was so confident. This whole job hunting adventure has been a complete nightmare. \ Keep your head up! Job hunting is usually stressful for most people. You got this!
I was pretty shook up last year when Hurricane Irma came through Florida. \ Do you live in Flordia? I have family down there and was really worried about them. 
Yes, I live in Orlando so I was lucky that it was central, but we were out of power for a few days.  \ That was lucky. Losing power is bad, but at least that was it. Scary situation. 
The store was all sold out of the new book I wanted.  \ Oh no! You should have preordered it online!
I know! I normally do, but I thought it would be okay. Next time I will though.  \ What book was it?
I can understand why you might be jealous of your coworker. I would try to keep your head up. \ I'm not jealous of my co-worker though?  What makes you think i'm jealous?
You said that you were envious of his promotion. It is understandable though. \ I didn't say that.
Someone backed into my truck in the parking lot. \ Oh no! You must be quite upset about that. I am sorry to hear that.
I'm quite angry.   Naturally, they didn't leave any contact information and left. \ Wow, that is very unfortunate. Maybe a camera nearby was able to see them.
There's no cameras in the parking lot :( \ That is very upsetting. Everything will be okay though.
Hi friend, did you ever walk in the woods only to see a snake? \ I have not seen a snake in the woods, have you? That sounds frightening!
Yes, and it was a big one! \ What did you do? 
It just sit there and then when I seen it, I ran away! \ Holy smokes!
I really feel good when my friends keep my secrets. (Or at least I think they do!) \ What will happen if the secret is told?
Not much, I just value my privacy. Do you have secrets that you tell your friends? \ Of course, I only tell them the best ones though!
I felt bad the other day- I tried on a dress at the store and it looked awful, but I saw another girl trying it on as well and she looked great. \ Oh I hate when that happens. I'm sorry you felt that way. Did you not buy the dress?
I didn't, but I did find some shirts I like luckily.  \ That's good though. I'm glad you were able to find something.
My sister in law got upset when she was over and I was trying to talk to her about it. \ Oh no, was she upset at you or about something else?
About something else and I wanted to talk to her and make her feel better. \ Well that's really kind of you to help her like that. She's lucky to have you!
I forgot to zip my pant after using the washroom and I walked into a meeting with top executives from my head office \ oh man.Tha must have been so embarassing.
Yes and the funny part was I didn't realize until the meeting was ended.  \ You could not read the room?? Someone was probably laughing at you.
I am feeling an intense fear these days. \ first way to overcome it is to figure out the reason for the fear
I know the reason. I found a mole on my back and I am afraid it's cancer \ I think you have to go for a check up first before you can conclude. It might be a harmless mole
I was at a concert a few weeks ago with my son and he had to go to the bathroom.  There were so many people there, mostly adults, and they refused to move so we could make it to the family bathroom. \ Ugh, people can be so rude. Was he able to go to the bathroom?
He was not, there were just too many people standing around not moving. \ That's awful!! So what did you end up doing? Did he just have to pop a squat?
I just got a puppy, but I have to leave him at home while I go to work. I feel so bad. \ That would be sad, do you keep him in a cage?
Fortunately, no. I let him run around the house, but I feel like he gets bored, so I keep the TV on for him. \ That's nice, what does he enjoy watching?
I recently went to a safari where I was riding in a vehicle and one of the elephants got a bit rowdy and pushed up against the truck. I was freaking out! \ Oh wow! That must have been frightening! That sounds like an exciting experience, though.
I'm not going to lie, it kind of made the experience even better in hindsight! \ No kidding! That will be a memory that you will be unlikely to forget!
Stealing is wrong. I would also be ashamed of my actions. \ Absolutely. Although the world isn't so black and white. Sometimes a person may have to steal to survive. Is it really wrong then?
If that is the case, I can understand why they had to do it. In circumstances where someone is stealing solely for unneeded person gain, then it is most definitely wrong. \ I agree. Stealing someone else's possession when it wasn't necessary for your survival is despicable! I hate a thief!
I visited an orphan once and it was such a surreal moment. It made me realise how thankful I should be for a family \ That must have been and intense and emotional moment for you.
Yes it definitely was. I went with intentions to teach the kid a few things but I ended up learning lots more from him  \ Uau, what a surreal moment.I always believe kids have a lot to teach us.
I was so excited about moving to the new house with my wife two days ago. \ That is something to be excited about.  How far away are you moving?
The same town but the house is much nicer and everything inside is new. \ Sounds like a nice upgrade.  Do you think you'll miss your old house at all?
My dog disappeared while I was away at college. \ That's so sad, I'm so sorry you had to go through that. How did it happen?
My mother was walking her in a park and the dog fell down a cliff.  She was never found or recovered. \ My goodness, that sounds like a tragedy. I'm sure she was a great dog friend of yours.
I'm really hopeful that I'll land a new promotion at work.  \ As long as you work hard and stay dedicated, I'm sure it will come!
I hope so! Hard work and dedication tend to pay off.  \ Absolutely! And if you trust your boss, I'm sure he will do the right thing.
My social anxiety kicked up the other day while paying for groceries and I failed at doing basic math in my hand due to my nerves. I ended up giving the wrong amount of money. \ It's okay. People are very understanding. Did you underpay? I'm sure it happens all the time! 
Yup, I did! And I'm usually very good at math. When my anxiety acts up, it's like my brain just goes blank. \ We all have those moments! Sometimes you just have to shake it out of your mind and take a deep breath.
Hi friend, did you ever win a drawing that you won a cash prize for? \ I did. I once won $10,000 from Colgate Toothpaste.
Nice, did you win because you like to brush your teeth with their toothpaste? \ I do use their toothpaste, but it was just an instant win contest online. It was years ago. Have you ever won a cash prize?
Yes! I won 25 thousand dollars once! \ Wow! That's amazing!
I'm looking forward to my niece arriving from Washington. I haven't seen her in 2 years! \ Do you have some big plans for the visit?
Probably not, because she is 6 months pregnant. Her husband is in the military and is away, so she will be here when she has her baby.  \ Uh oh, have you ever delivered a baby before?
Oh no! And I don't plan on it! I'll leave that to the doctors!  \ Oh right, I am a doctor.
Oh cool! What kind of doctor? \ I am a baby delivering doctor!
My friend was very supportive when I was in distress  \ I'm sorry to hear you were feeling that way.
Thank you \ What types of encouragement was your friend saying to you?
I bought my nephew one of his favorite toys--LEGO! He will be so happy! \ That's a cool toy you got for your nephew 
He's really getting into exploring new things and building blocks in general. \ That will help him alot
Yeah, it's cool to see him develop into his own personality. \ yeah that's true
I cheated on my diet today.  \ That's not so bad. Everyone cheats on their diet from time to time. I would just pick up where you left off.
True, but I haven't cheated on my diet in over a year.  \ Well that's all the more reason that you shouldn't worry about it! You deserved to have a day off after that long!
Oh wow, you must be very proud of her. That is quite an accomplishment. \ What was the accomplishment again?
My mother just graduated from nursing school in her 50's. She put in a lot of effort, and she proved to herself and others that she could do it. \ Wow, that's amazing. What made her want to go back to school?
I got a thank you note from the VP of applications at my company. \ Oh how exciting, you must be proud!
Its nice to be recognized on occasion. \ Yeah, my husband got a thank you like that at work recently and it made us so happy too. Congratulations!
My preschool aged son got invited to a birthday party last week and I wanted to take him, but I was a bit nervous because he's been acting out lately and I didn't want him throwing a tantrum in public.  \ Did you end up taking him?
I did, and he was well behaved luckily! He was definitely not one of the most unruly kids out of the bunch haha. \ Is he just naturally unruly or does he have some sort of condition?
Oh no haha he is just like a typical three year old, they all go through these "threenager" ages where they like to challenge you a lot.  \ I'm aware of the "terrible two's"  I've never heard of the threenager but, im not surprised to hear of it
I saw a homeless guy the other day on my way home, and it made me reflect on my own life. \ What about this homeless person had you reevaluating things?
Lately, I've been thinking how miserable I am at my job. As terrible as it sounds, when I saw him, I thought life could be much worse. \ What's been bothering you at work? Are you not being fulfilled enough?
I saw my 3DS next to me on my desk and thought about all of the Pokemon games I played as a kid. \ Oh man! I love Pokemon! The first one I ever played was Pokemon Blue.
The first game I ever played was Pokemon Crystal. It was actually the first video game I ever owned. I miss those days. \ Those were the good ol' days. Now they have way too many Pokemon. I miss the original 151.
I am so happy these days because I am about to get a promotion at work \ That's awesome to hear! Your hard work has paid off.
Yes, you are right about that.I worked really hard the last months. \ You should buy yourself a nice treat once you get the promotion!
I have my personal training exam coming up soon and I think I'll ace it! \ Good luck.I bet you are ready for this exam.
I am so ready! I'm excited to start training people. \ I am sure you are going to be a succesfull professional 
My husband was out of town for work recently, and it made me bummed out. I had no one to talk to or spend time with.  \ That sucks. Maybe you can find yourself a new hobby that will keep you occupied while he's gone?
I mostly just have been baking and reading, relaxing and just having some me time, but I just miss him haha.  \ That's understandable. I'd probably feel the same way in the same situation.
I invested some of my money in the crypto market last year. The market looks terrible right now and I'm afraid I'll lose my money! \ Oh that's awful! I invested 6,000 in January and I'm down to $150 now. I sold off a lot to pay bills but if I wait for it to go back up I can maybe recover 1,500. 
Holy moly, that's a pretty big loss! I guess all we can do is wait and see. \ I know, I am confident it will go back so I'm hanging on to this last bit. Good luck!
My dad didn't invite me to his wedding, talk about an all time low. \ So you guys probably don't get along very well?
We haven't talked in awhile but I think that's because of his soon to be wife. I've never felt so alone without my family. \ Does the wife hate you?
Hi friend, do you have any mailings awaiting you? \ I don't, are you waiting for one?
I am expecting a letter with my bonus check! \ Nice, I hope you get a nice bonus check!
As we were driving on the highway we got caught in a big storm. \ Thats scary.  Did you have to pull over?
No we kept driving but the rain was real bad and trucks were swerving. \ I take it you made it out safe beacuse we're here chatting
I got an invite to go camping this weekend \ Oh that sounds like fun if you are an outdoor person. Are you excited?
Yes, I haven't been camping in years.  It's about time I get to use some of my gear. \ Well that is good, how many people are you going with?
Yesterday I got a raise! I'm glad my work was noticed \ Congrats.I bet you worked hard for tha raised.
I did! I feel extra motivated too which is probably good for them too lol. \ You deserve this raise and many more in the future.
I love my wife so much.She is the center of my life. \ Aw, that's nice! I haven't considered that yet as I'm still quite young
If you ever find your soulmate like I did, you are gonna be very happy. \ I hope so one day! It's a goal of mine :)
My fiance found a snake in our yard the other day! It was terrifying! \ Wow, that is scary. Did you guys do anything or just stay away from it?
No he killed it. Somehow, I totally went inside and did not watch. We had to because we have two dogs that play in the yard. \ Yes, I'd be very concerned about pets, too.  I'm glad your fiance got it before it caused anyone anymore trouble.
A violent windstorm blew through my town and uprooted a tree in my yard. \ Oh no! I hope it didn't fall on anything or anyone!
No, it missed everything but the lawn. And then my neighbor was nice enough to bring over his chainsaw and help me cut it up for disposal. \ Oh thats really nice! Its important to help each other out when things like that happen!
My parents told me that we would be going on a cruise vacation at Christmas. I couldn't believe it! \ That sounds like an awesome Christmas present!  I've actually thought about doing that with my girls now that they are older and not much they really need.  Where are you going?
We went on the cruise in February. It was a Disney cruise in the Bahamas! What a great experience. \ I've ALWAYS wanted to go on a Disney cruise - it's probably my dream vacation. I'm so jealous!!!
My first pregnancy did not go as planned at all - in fact, it will probably go down as the most scary time in my life. \ Oh no! What happened? I can't imagine having to go through something that scary. 
Things were fine until 36 weeks.  Then all you know what happened.  I developed HELLP syndrome, my organs started shutting down, blood pressure was super high.  Had an emergency c-section and in the hospital for over a week after - came close to losing both of us. \ Holy moly! I am so glad you are okay. I'm sure that gave you quite a fright. 
So I am headed out of town this weekend.  Going to try my luck at the casino!  I cannot wait \ I love going to the casino! My favorite game of all time is blackjack. What are you thinking about playing?
I play blackjack.  But my favorite all time is Texas Hold Em \ It's swell to meet another player of the craft. Do you rake in the big bucks playing hold 'em?
I came home and I quickly realized that my neighbors chopped down a tree in my front yard while I was away on vacation. \ Oh man... that would tick me off.  What did you do?
I haven't done anything yet because I don't exactly know how to confront him. Maybe chop one of his down? In any event, I am pretty darn upset about it. \ I probably would not chop his tree down.  You want to have the moral high ground.  But yes I would confront him
I have a 2 week vacation coming up. I'm very excited for it! \ Sounds exciting! Are you going anywhere exotic?
Italy! It's my first international trip so it should be very fun \ Nice! I visited Spain not too long ago. I am positive you will have a blast.
Finally got a day off of work today. I sat down and played my favorite video game with my girlfriend. \ Oh that's fun! I love to play video games, but it's usually with friends.
Playing games with friends is the best - especially with a nice, cold six pack. What games do you typically play? \ Anything from Mario Party to God of War. It's always fun with friends around for commentary lol
I am not happy at how I am treated because of my orientation to life \ What's your orientation?
I am a rainbow person if you know what I mean \ I see, there are some jerks out there in this world.
Do you know how mortified I am? I was knocked over by a huge wave in the ocean and my top was ripped off! \ Oh my, hope u are alright now. It must have been a terrible experience
It was, I didn't even realize at first. My son had to point it out to me. \ Good that you finally took control of the situation
I am so prepared for my test tomorrow. \ What is the subject?? The test will be oral or in writing.
It's is an English writing test I studied super hard for. \ If you are prepared, then you will do fine.
I am so mad at the republicans. \ Do you think they are messing up the country?
It is mostly Trump.I am mad because they will not stand up to Trump. \ Yeah they feed off of his crazy I think.
I am so much in love with my wife. \ That's awesome.  How long have you been together?
10 years.She just got a very big promotion at work.She is so intelligent and dinamic \ Congratulations to both her and you!  I'm sure she'll keep doing well in her new role.
I used to know someone who got incredibly famous. \ Who??? Male or female.Actor or singer?
She's a female singer. It sort of burns me up because I feel like she doesn't deserve it and she's rather manipulative. \ Please tell me who she is!!!!!
So, I accidentally threw out my co-worker's lunch today at work. \ That happens sometimes.  Was it mistaken for something that might have been sitting there forever?
Yeah, it was when I was gathering up my trash when I was wrapping up my lunch, so it was an honest mistake. I felt pretty awful about it. \ I'm sure if you explain it to them, and maybe treat them to lunch another day, they'll forgive you, if they haven't already.
I'm not a fan of birthdays, so I usually try to keep my birthday secret from people when I meet them. \ I'm kinda the same way. Although, I feel like if my friends truly care about me, they'll find out and remember my birthday on their own. No need to go blabbing to everyone about it.
That's pretty much how I feel.  But these are new people at the college I work at, and my friend Ron brought something in for me, and said, "that the college told him it was my birthday." \ Now why would they go and do that! Well, in any case, what did good ole Ron get for you?
Have you seen the film "within" on netflix? The other night my boyfriend and i watched it and I had trouble sleeping afterwards, it was pretty creepy! \ No I haven't actually, I recently just canceled my netflix service! I have been thinking about resubscribing though. 
Why did you cancel your subscription? If you ever re-subscribe i would definetly recommend checking out "within"! \ I could not find the content that was best suited for me personally to consider it worthy at the time, but if I do I will definitely check it out!
I was so glad when I graduated college \ That's such a great accomplishment and such a relief at the same time. What was your major?
Communications. It was a little tough but not engineering tough! \ I totally get that. I majored in business but sometimes I wish I majored in engineering. I'm kind of glad I didn't though. It's hard!
My family is so supportive. They even flew out when my last dog passed away and spent some time with me to make me feel better.  \ Aww, that is very nice of them. i just had to put mine down a few weeks ago.
I'm so sorry to hear that. What kind of breed was your dog?  \ Border Collie. Yours?
I was very scared when flying for the first time \ I can imagine! Did you end up having a good flight?
I did. Luckily no turbulance! \ That's good! Hopefully you had a nice seatmate too!
My son starts school soon, we had a fun day out but when we got home he was really bad. \ Aww, was he scared?
I don't think so, I think he was just over the day and it was too much for him. \ I can see that. School is a challenging time for a kid.
I was very ready going into my test \ Always good to feel ready for something like that. What subject was it in?
Engingeering. It was really tough! \ Man, I remember those days. My engineering exams were killer. Did you do well on it?
I had a very proud moment today...I think it has finally dawned upon my dog that she has to go to the bathroom outside! \ Yay! That is a difficult feat.
It was! I've been training her for months. I was very impressed with her, (doesn't happen too often!) \ Mine took months to train forever. I was so happy when he finally learned.
I have the worst headache and can't get any of my cleaning done. It's frustrating. \ Have you tried taking any aspirin? I feel bad for you, my friend.
I did but it's not doing the trick. I don't want to be laying around the rest of the day but I don't think I have a choice. \ Yeah, sometimes you have to do that to get better. I would take another dose if I were you.
So, my girlfriend and I are going to San Diego this weekend for a work trip! \ Do you have any plans for it? That sounds exciting!
Not yet! We might go to Vegas, which isn't too far away. But for now, it's just two weeks are R&R. \ I would kill for two weeks of R&R, good for you!
Years ago I used to have such a good time. I had money to spend, time to do the things I love. How I long for those times again! \ I know exactly how you feel, I've been slipping back into paycheck to paycheck living recently. It was so much better when I had the money to pay for everything.
Didn't the sun always shine back then, when we were happy and young and had money?! \ Hahaha yes, you are so right. Then again, I'm a Christian so I am also comforted when I remember that we have a real, more important and awesome life to look forward to one day.
I was wearing a new dress for the holidays and it just made me feel good about myself, it looked nice and it put me in a good mood. \ That's wonderful. There's nothing like a bit of retail therapy to cheer you up. Now you
Yeah, for sure, it always helps to give you a little boost haha. \ Sure does. I hope you continue to enjoy your new dress - you make me want to go and buy one now!
Haha thank you, and have fun if you do! \ Oh, I will and I know just where I'll wear it - there's a new restaurant just opened I want to try out.
About two weeks ago my wife got sick with Tonsilitis. \ Oh no! I am sorry to hear that. Is she feeling any better?
She's a lot better now, at least can eat solid foods, before it was only yogurt and soups she could swallow. I was doing her injections twice a day. \ That must have been unpleasant for her. I am glad to hear that she is feeling better,
Someone broke into my apartment last week. I was not home at the time, but now I worry that they will come back. \ Wow, that's terrible. Was anything stolen or damaged?
Yes, my TV was stolen. They also clogged every toilet in my apartment. I think they have just eaten Thai food. \ What a story, it's just unbelievable how these robbers have absolutely no morals.
I have to give a major speech tomorrow at work early in the morning. \ I know the anciptation of giving big presentations.  Are you nervous?
Is that even a question? Of course I am! I've been prepping all day! \ I would tell you to think of everyone in their underwear, but I am pretty sure that advice never works!
I got off work the other day and noticed one of my tires had been slashed in the parking lot.  Needless to say, not the best way to end the work day \ Holy moly, that's some rough luck. Did you find the guy who did it?
They have not found anyone yet.  What really hacks me off is our security cameras did not get a good view of the person \ Dang dude. Is your insurance company covering it at least?
I am so happy these days. \ I am so glad to hear that. What is the secret?
I just met the most wonderful woman. We went out and clicked for the first time. \ How did you meet her? Was it through an online dating service?
I woke up this morning, and my mailbox had been smashed in. I think the neighborhood teens had smashed it with a bat. \ That is is awful.Did you call the cops
I did, they are investigating currently. I hope they find the hoodlums. \ You should install security cameras outside your house.
I have a huge test tomorrow in Physics and I don't feel prepared for it. \ Get to studying! I'm sure if you get in a few mores hours you will feel more confident! 
You're right! But no matter how much studying I may do, I know it's going to be a tough one. \ Hard work always pays off!
I accidentally overdrafted my bank account and now don't have enough money to pay the fee or my bills. I'm scared of what could happen \ I have been there, my friend. But, the good news is, if you aren't typically late for your bills, the utilities companies will often cut you a break.
Are you sure? I guess I will need to make some phone calls. \ I am positive! I have been late before for the very same reason. Don't even need to make phone calls - they just give you a small late fee and that's it. I wouldn't go making it a habit, though.
So, yesterday morning, some ingrate stole my cappuccino at Starbucks. \ How did that happen? I would be so upset.
Well, it was pretty busy, so I think he just thought it was his. Maybe we had the same name? Anywho, all I know is is that I was far grumpier than usual. \ Did Starbucks not make you a new one? I am definitely grumpy if I don't get my morning coffee! 
Anytime we take a trip, I normally save what some people consider trash. \ Another man's trash is another man's treasure! What things do you save?
Just different things that I can scrapbook, mementos from my trip.  \ I keep a scrapbook myself! I love collecting stamps. Got any trips planned this year?
I spilt wed wine on my moms red carpet and blamed it on the cat \ Was the color of red that different to show on the red carpet?
Very! It was a dark maroon stain.  \ Oh! wow that must of been pretty obvious then.
Way back in my elementary school days, I lost the spelling when I was only in the second grade. \ Oh well it's still fun that you got to participate in that.
Yeah, I do recall that it was a swell time. I was pretty peeved that I lost though. I studied so hard. \ Haha that's really a cute story though.
I stole a soda as a teenager and got caught in the parking lot by the security people. I felt so ashamed. \ Oh wow, did anything end up happening to you? Did you get 20 years in prison?
Haha no she called my parents and I was banned from the store.  \ Eh, I suppose worse things could happen. Was it worth it?
I felt so accomplished when I started my own business. It's still in the beginning phase but it's an awesome feeling. \ Great! what kind of business?
It's an online service business with mine and my wife's original music therapy songs. \ Music therapy sounds very interesting.
My pants feel down when riding my bike \ I'm so sorry that happened to you. How did you handle this situation?
I just pulled them up. it was just embarassing. \ I hope no one saw that, it must've been terrible.
My son won the spelling bee yesterday. I felt so proud of him! \ That is great. Do you remember what words he had to spell?
I remember the last word was cafeteria. Which is somewhat funny because it's the word I missed when I was in my first spelling bee. \ That is a pretty tough word. I am happy your son did so great. You must have been beaming.
Yesterday I was looking through my wallet and realized a bunch of money was missing. There was only one person who was near my wallet. \ That's a downer, man. Who do you think was the perpetrator?
It was the guy I thought was my best friend. I was so devastated. I didn't care about the money, but the fact he would stead from me. :( \ That really sucks man. Did he ever apologize to you and give the money back?
My son failed his final exam yesterday. I was so upset with him! \ Oh no! Did he not study?
He certainly did not! Although, I do have faith in him that he will turn it around next semester, since I am grounding him for eternity. \ He will for sure get it next time. I'm sure you scared him enough haha
I was scared to go to school \ How are you going to learn! Why are you afraid to go?
Just nervous about all the people \ It ain't so bad. I'm sure you'll make a few new friends and everything will be just fine.
I recently traveled by plane and I loved seeing the city I love at night, the view was beautiful. \ I love flying!  Was it your first time on an airplane?
It was the first time I traveled at night, I loved it. \ I prefer night flying as well.  I love how you can see the city lights moving, like it's the lifeblood of a living thing.
A while back, my ex-wife and I were having marriage problems.  To make things worse, my work sent another woman and I away for training for a few months. \ Sometimes destiny has strange ways of manifesting itself.
I wouldn't call it destiny at all.  The whole time I was away, my wife thought I might had used this as an opportunity to have an affair since that other woman and I were close, but we didn't. \ Try to conquer your wife again, it's never too late for a second chance, the love of our lives makes it worth the effort.
I miss my college days so much \ I do as well! What do you miss most?
I miss the fun I had on the parties and events. \ There's really nothing like college parties. Those were the days.
I told my son repeatedly to do the dishes, but instead he played video games all night and never got them done. \ You should confiscate his video game and teach him a lesson.
That's definitely my plan. He will learn there will be consequences for his failure to listen. \ You are doing the right thing for him to learn discipline.
I am being in fear lately \ Oh no! Any particular reason why?
I stared to cough blood 3 days ago and I fear it must be cancer. \ That's horrible! But, it could be many other things instead. I hope you go to the doctor
My friends took me to a club for the first time a few nights ago \ How did it go.Did you have fun?
I did actually, but I admit it was very scary and nerve-racking \ Why is that? You don't now how to dance?
I was scared of going into the caves \ Please describe what scared you about the caves.
Just the darkness. \ That seems like a valid reason to be scared of going into the caves!
I was meeting my friend for drinks and she said she left her debit card at home. \ Oh no. How did you pay?
I agreed to pay for her drinks and mine since we are good friends. \ That is good. Hopefully he can pay you back.
I had to take the trash out last night and the bag busted open on the way to the road \ Oh no, that must've been awful! 
Oh, you don't even know. I was covered in filth that "Cradle of Filth" doesn't even know about. I was so disgusted that I thought I was going to die. \ Woah, that sounds like a very unpleasant experience. I hope it's never gonna happen to you again.
I had a huge conflict with my parents about moving to another country and I was simply enraged to have them trying to control my life. \ That's a bummer. What happened once you moved there?
It was an awesome experience and after I came back to the US I felt so fulfilled and my perspective on everything has changed.  \ It's good to hear that your experience was fulfilling. I hope I can have a similar once someday.
I can't stop spending money, no matter what I do, no matter how many budgets I put together. How can I be so careless? \ That would be tough! Have you tried switching to cash envelopes?
I haven't, what is that? \ Where you just use cash and put money in an envelope, when it's gone, it's gone, nothing left to spend.
We live in a very high cost of living area but don't make a ton of money.  \ Is there anyway you can move to somewhere more affordable?
I'm not sure, sometimes I wish I had what the other people around me had. \ I do too but it's natural to get envious of others sometimes, don't put yourself down over it.
My oldest and my husband have always had a rough relationship. I've got to believe that as she gets older, it will get better! \ I'm sure it will! I didn't get along with my dad until i became an adult.
That's always good to hear. But in the moment -- argh, my *heart*. How did your mom maneuver the differences between y'all? Did that wear on her? \ Yes it did. I believe she just waited it out and tried to neutralize the conversation when we were together. 
I got called into the CEOs office a number of years ago \ and what happened? 
I was shocked because  they offered a promotion. It sounded like something was wrong \ Yeah, I always get a little anxious when you get pulled in for those meetings.    Is it going to be champagne or chewing
Most of my co-workers are incompetent and can't recognize basic patterns \ it sucks when you can't depend on co-workers
Yeah \ well i hope some better people get hired
I did not get the job that I had interviewed for. I thought the interview went well, but I guess not. \ That's rough man. Got any back up interviews lined up?
Not as of now. I have applied to a couple of other jobs. \ I hope that you hear back from them soon. It ain't going to be rough forever - someone has got to recognize your worth eventually!
I ate all of the pizza that I got my friends last night. I felt pretty rotten afterwards. \ Oh wow, I have done that before as well. You may have to deal with some indigestion.
Oh, believe me, it was some sever indigestion. It sounded like Krakatoa was erupting again. \ Oh boy, you have need to invest in some Depends.
I didn't have a way to pay for my lunch despite today being pay day! \ Oh no, you must have been quite upset. What did you do?
I asked my friend to pay and he, lucky for me, agreed to as long as I paid him back. \ That's great. I was worried that you had to go hungry.
Last week, my pants fell down in gym class. The elastic strap holding them up broke. \ Oh no, that is terrible! What happened? What did you do!
I ran out of the gym crying, and the whole class pointed and laughed.  \ I am so sorry that happened to you!
When I was driving home from work the other day I saw a lot of very dark clouds in the sky. \ Maybe it was a thunderstorm forming??
How did you guess? I was guessing that a thumerstorm would arrive with lots of rain. I was right when it started downpouring a few minutes later! \ It souds like a storm forming.I have experience with thunderstorms.
I am so mad at my boss these days. \ Really? What did your boss do that made you so mad?
We were working on an important project and he passed an idea I gave him as his own idea. \ Oh that is a real bummer. Your boss should appreciate you for giving good ideas.
My son won his last baseball game and he is going to the state championship! \ That is great news!  What does he play?
He plays first base! Best first baseman in the whole state of Alaska. \ Is there a big baseball following in Alaska?
I was cleaning out my closet and noticed some old photos I took of my very first car.  Man, it makes me miss the days when life was simple \ Those were the days, my friend. What kind of car did you have?
I had an old Ford Taurus.  It was not much, but to me it was the best car ever! \ Ford makes some pretty nifty cars! I have a Ford Focus myself. Not much, but it has killer gas mileage.
I love my cat, but she is driving me crazy constantly rubbing up against my face. I have so much cat hair in my nose. \ Yuck, sounds like an unpleasant feeling. How do you even get hair up there!
She keeps walking across my chest and rubs on my face as she walks across. I know she's being sweet but it tickles.  \ Well, at least she loves you. Maybe shoving all her hair up your nose is her way of telling you that.
I ate ten Big Macs last night because I was so hungry and depressed. I resented myself afterwards. \ OMG, i don't think i could eat that many burgers in a week if I tried. What was bothering you so much that it lead to you eating so many burgers?
I was so bothered because the 30 chalupas that I ate at Taco Bell for lunch were very unsatisfying. I had to haze myself further to get rid of the feeling of remorse. It didn't work out too well. \ Im sorry you felt that way, I hope you start feeling better. Maybe go for a walk and get some fresh air.
The other day I saw a man take a dog from the street, I've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days I see this dog on the streets again, poor little thing. I thought it'd have a better life. \ That's sad, I wonder why the dog can't find a home!
I don't know but it's a sweetheart, I'd take it myself if only I didn't have one already.  \ Maybe the poor dog doesn't get along with other dogs.
Sometimes people ask me to do a lot of other stuff when I already have a lot on my plate. \ That must be so annoying. I get that sometimes too.
I feel like people don't care that I have stuff to do. \ I'm sad to hear that, I'm sure there is someone who cars.
My grandfather passed a year ago today thanks to medical malpractice.  \ Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. That must be so hard. How have you been coping?
One step at a time basically, I hate he couldn't get a good doctor but that was "the best the VA could do" \ Oh wow, that is so sad. Have you contacted an attorney?
I am going on a vacation this Thursday! I am very excited! \ Oh really?! Where you headed too?
We are heading to Somalia! We had some business dealings to attend to, and we will be seeing the ocean as well! \ Wow! Thats on the east side of Africa isn't it? 
I won first place at the egg swallowing contest at my school the other day! \ What haha that's a real thing???
It is! It is quite the competition here in Alaska. We don't have much to do, so we try to humor ourselves with the simpler things in life. \ Wow that's cool well good job winning!
I was shopping at the store the other day and I bumped into a rack and spilled wine bottles everywhere. Everyone was staring.  \ Oh geez, that sounds pretty embarrassing. Did any of the bottles break?
No luckily haha but it made me blush for sure. \ That's a shame. If they did, you could've reversed the situation and summoned everybody over to throw down and have a supremo wine fest.
I was almost hit by a car while I was walking in a crosswalk and I cursed the lady out. Then I saw a little kid in the car and instantly regretted what I just said. \ You should feel bad for just cursing at a lady.
I know.  It was not my proudest moment. \ Did you at least apologized?
I am so happy with my life right now. \ That must be a great feeling!  Good for you!  You should be proud that things are going well and not take it for granted.
Nice advice , thanks.I will make sure I follow the advice. \ Good deal!  I am happy to help!
My wife is angry and I don't know what to say. My anniversary was yesterday and I had no clue! \ Argh! That's tough! Have you been able to come from a place of authentic apology? It can be easy to be defensive in those situations, which of course only makes it worse!
I'm still working on it. she has has not given me much of a chance.  \ What's your approach? Does humor ever work....? You know, like wearing a dunce cap while holding a huge bouquet of flowers? Or going John Cusack and holding a boombox overhead, playing "your" song?
I can still look back with shame at the way I treated a girl in sixth grade. I wasn't as bad as others, but that doesn't make me feel any better. \ Where you not secure in your self?
Well, like a lot of 6th graders I was aware of *not* wanting to be an outcast for any reason. And unfortunately, she was. As an adult of course, my heart squeezes for *all* the kids we were! \ You can track her down to say sorry, or would that be creepy?
Unfortunately, she died. I only found out when Facebook first came out, and her brother and I "friended" one another. \ Wow, so your going to take being a bad person to the grave. Maybe you'll see her in the next life?
I am expecting a big recession on the horizon  \ Yes, I am as well. Do you have any investments that could be affected?
We all do.When the recession comes, it will affect the economy as a whole. \ I understand that, but do you have a personal investment portfolio that will be directly affected?
I clogged up the toilet at a female friend's house by accident. I didn't tell them. \ Did you have a severe diarreia or something?
Yes, it is a legitimate medical condition. I have irritable bowl syndrome. \ I am sure your friend will forgive you.
My son went to the best preschool. When I needed him to stay late, they always had space for him.  \ That's good to hear that you care for your son so much. I am sure he will be quite an intelligent child going to the best of the best.
I hope so, it really helps to get your village when you have kids. \ Yeah, my village helped with my son's preschool tuition as well. Strength in numbers and good neighbors!
I was hiking in the Outback of Australia the other day. I managed to swallow a dozen ostrich eggs on my adventure. \ Oh wow, do they taste good?
They do! I felt somewhat bad for all the little ostriches inside...but they tasted so delicious. \ Are they expensive or did you just find them in the wild?
I won a prize at an event in my college and felt very happy, proud \ Oh cool! How did you win it? 
It was for a chess competition.  \ Oh cool! I love chess! What did you win? 
Sorry to cut that short, but I have to send an email to a company I really want to work for today and I don't want to mess it up.  \ Sure, go ahead. Is it an important one?
Yeah it would be for my first internship and it could really make my life much easier if I get it.  \ That's great. Have yo sent it yet? Congratulations, by the way. Wish you good luck !
No I haven't but I need to. I will once we finish this conversation.  \ OK sure. Go ahead
I have a coworker that will not stop talking. He mostly talks about himself \ Wow that's annoying, my husband is always telling me about his co-workers being the same way. 
Yes, it is quite frustrating. I don't mind listening to people, but I would like them to ask how I am doing from time to time. \ Yeah I see what you mean. Hopefully he might realize eventually.
My husband's grandma came to visit, we did all sorts of fun activities at the beach and aquarium. \ Oh wow! that sounds like fun. What was your favorite part of the visit?
Just getting to see her with our kids, bonding. Oh and she is Thai and cooked some delicious food. \ I love Thai food, what a treat! I am glad that you had such a wonderful time.
You know what's great? Finding pictures of my kids as babies and going through those and remembering all the great times. \ Aww, did you find a lot?
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't! But the few I find always mean so much to me! \ I love finding old videos too!
I was so grossed out when I saw someone vomit \ Oh yuck! Where did that happen?
At Fazolis. It was so gross. \ During dinner? ACK!
I have been waiting on a package my friend sent me to arrive at my house. I heard a knock at the door but it was a package or my roommate. \ Sometimes it is uncomfortable to have to wait for something or someone.
Yeah it is. I just thought that's what it would be, so it dashed my hopes when it wasn't. I just got keep waiting, I guess. \ Well, a wise man said that having patience was a virtue, I think you're becoming a more virtuous person by waiting.
It is uncomfortable for the internet service to fail when I am doing something important on the PC. \ Yeah it sure is. Especially when you are streaming or talking to someone in the moment.
Exactly, it causes a little impotence not knowing how to solve it. \ Completely frustrating. I usually end up calling customer service and complaining until it's fixed if it happens repeatedly. 
hello \ Can you tell me about your recent experience?
i couldnt believe it when i heard they are making even more new star wars movies \ Yeah, I love Star Wars. I was sad when Han Solo died. He was my favorite character!
Last week my daughter had a big soccer game against a team that was better than hers. \ did your daughter's team win?
It was tied up until the final minute then my daughter scored the winning goal! I was screaming so loud I think she got embarassed, haha! \ Lol, that must have been a very proud moment for you as a parent
My husband's sister was living with us. She was acting rude so we had to kick her out. \ Oh no that is terrible. Are you guys still talking now?
No not at all it's a little tense. \ Well that is not good. What did she do that was so bad?
My husband went to go hang out with his guy friends leaving me all alone. \ That would make me sad, did you let him go? 
Yeah, I mean I didn't want to tell him he couldn't. I just don't like being by myself. \ I know how you feel, I'm sorry about that, at least he probably came back pretty quickly.
I felt upset when I forgot to ask my friend to dinner. \ I'm sure they will understand. You can always have another dinner, that's the beauty of life!
That is true. Good way to look at things! \ Where did you end up going?
Tomorrow's my last day of work. I can't believe it. I wish I had something lined up.  \ Oh no, have you look at other options?
I have and tried negotiating with my old work. I have an interview next week with another company so I hope that goes well! \ I really hope you get it!
I was so mad when some guy cut me off in traffic! \ Oh no. Did you flip him off?
No, I remained calm, but I was very mad! \ That was probably for the best anyway. People who drive like that are the worst, though.
Last week, I had to give a speech. I was very nervous so I practiced over and over. When the time came, I was ready and it went awesome \ I would be scared too, but I'm happy it turned out well.
Yeah, I was really nervous. But everyone thought it was a great speech and we went to the bar for drinks after. \ That is the best feeling.
So the other night my boyfriend and I were out socializing at a networking event and another woman went up to him and touched his arm I coudn't help but feel a little envious even though he pulled away. \ You should not be so insecure like that.
Its not about insecurity!  \ What is about them? Do you think he is better than you?
I am so annoyed that France is in the world cup final. I do not like their style of play \ What is it about their style of play that you're not a fan of?
They are to defensive.Their games are so boring. \ I see where you're coming from. 
Hi I was recently on vacation and frightened half to death. \ Oh, my, what happened?
I was eating some chips on the balcony. I dropped them and then was swarmed by seagulls. \ I live near the ocean, so I do understand how this can be. I hope you ran, very quickly.
I went inside. I donr know how dangerous they are but I didnt want to fall 7 stories. \ I heard a story of seagulls drowning a man to death.
When i was younger, my mother would always take away my PC because I would always play video games on them. \ I was the same way.
Now that I am older though, my girlfriend tries to take away my Pc. Very rough days in my life. \ Lol. I take away my daughters now. I guess my mom passed the torch.
Stop doing that, it is very important to have a pc. The internet is the future and very many jobs are opening up online. \ She is 13 not at 3am
After spending so much on my brother's tuition fees overseas, he still ended up becoming a musician without popularity \ Oh no, that is too bad. I am sorry for your unneeded expenditures.
I just take it that I did something for God, I hope he rewards me  \ That is a good attitude to have. I am proud of your maturity.
I fell walking up the stair today. There was a large group around, and people laughed at me. \ I think you should always focus on your strength then it won't matter who is there and what they say
That is good advice. I feel better about this. \ Also having at least one  friend in such meetings  would help. Next time  go with someone you know
i couldnt stand it when my neighbor was using power tools at 8 am on a saturday \ Wow, that's super annoying! I understand wanting to get things done early, but that's not very respectful to neighbors.
nope, it was very frustrating, he lives next door too \ Have you talked to him about it?
I'm pretty worried about what the future will hold. I lose my job tomorrow. Trying to keep my head up!  \ are you getting laid off?
Yes, unfortunately. We are having a huge company layoff and being a remote employee didn't help my case.  \ im sorry, i hope you're able to find an even better job immediately
My kids are doing everything but listening today! I guess the boredom that comes with summer break is getting to them. \ Yeah, kids get crazy when they are bored.  Get them to read a book!
I tried, they don't even want to do that! So frustrating. \ You might need to lay down the law and ground them!
My dad knew that I have recently hit a rough patch with my finances and gave me 2 grand. I can't thank him enough. \ How kind of him! I bet that is going to help you out a lot!
It really is going to help a lot.  I feel so blessed! \ Dads are the best, what would we do without them?
My boss just gave me an all expense paid ticket to paris to enjoy my annual leave and im happy \ Wow how amazing! You must be so excited. 
Yes I am, I have been working for 3 years in a row without a holiday :)  \ Wow enjoy it, you deserve it!
I woke up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night and saw a scorpion. I covered it with a bowl but when I woke up it was gone from the bowl. \ Omg, you should have killed it
I was too afraid of the poison haha. \ I think you should fumigate your home
I was really scared when Hurricane Irma came through Florida last year. It was a pretty horrible experience. \ Do you live in Florida?
I do, in Orlando. I feel lucky to have had no damage to my home and been in a central location, but the storm was awful and we had no power for 4 days. \ Wow, that sounds terrifying. You are very lucky to have made it out without any property damage though.
When I was younger, I had social anxiety. Speeches would give me terrible anxiety \ Have you been able to get over your fear?
Slowly. Therapy and medication have helped a lot. \ That is good to hear. You might consider joining some groups. Toastmasters might be a good one to look into.
I was on the phone with my aunt. I am so awkward and bad at speaking so I was nervous. \ Was your aunt nice to you?
She was but we had a few awkward pauses. \ Sometimes it is difficult to talk to relatives. Take a deep breath and treat her like a long time friend.  
I was delighted the other day when I got to see a friend that I had not seen in 20 years. \ That's great, how wonderful! I hope y'all had a good time.
It was like we just started where we left off over 20 years ago. It was like we just seen each last week, not 20 years ago. \ How great, I'm glad to hear that.
There was a traffic jam because people were slowing to look at a wreck on the other side of the highway \ Oh no, I hate when that happens.  People always feel a need to look and it causes the other lanes to be at a standstill as well.  How long did you have to wait?
It added a lovely 20 minutes to my drive home \ Adding time to your commute from work to home is the worst.  I mean you've put in a full day, you just want to get home!
My daughter had a little chihuahua pup that we rescued and she had an autoimmune disease.  We had a rough first year, but then it seemed things were good. \ So, the pup is healthy and  situated now?
Well, we made it 6 years and then she got pancreatitis.  She recovered from that but then we noticed her being really sleepy.  Turns out her body had started destroying her red blood cells, we tried for a few weeks to help her, but ultimately there was nothing more we could do.  I still think about her daily. \ I'm sorry to hear that RIP doggo.   I have a rescue that's middle aged now. 
I get to fly up and go see my girlfriend in Boston soon! \ How exciting! Has it been a long time since you've seen her?
About two months! However while it is sappy, more than a day without seeing her feels like eternity.  \ I'm jealous! That's so sweet and I hope you have a great time!
I broke my ankle right before my wedding! This is a nightmare! \ Oh no! What did you do?
I tripped down my steps carrying the laundry. I wish I would've been more careful, this is the worst. I can't walk down the aisle! \ how about a hobble down the isle? I'm sure it will still be just as beautiful walking down the isle or not. 
I work online to make extra money for things my family wants. \ Thats amazing, you must be a good person
It's nice to be able to pay for fun things that our budget doesn't allow us to normally do. \ How many kids do you have?
I survived cancer and I'm thankful \ That would be difficult, so glad you survived.
Yes now I take things easy and appreciate every chance to do good \ Hopefully you have a strong family support.
my boss asked me a question that I had an answer to but I did n ot want to get anyone in trouble so I said I didn't know anything about the situation. \ maybe it was best to avoid drama at work
maybe, but what drama did I avoid. Not getting a co-worker in possible trouble or not being honet with my boss? \ not getting your coworker in trouble and causing a conflict
i felt bored being by myself all week \ Sometimes i like to not have other people asking things of me. Alone can be good.
it was just boring because i had so much work to get done \ Well at least you didn't have a lot of people under foot to slow you down. So I hope the sacrifice of being bored was worth it.
Have you ever been to Las Vegas?  \ yes, several times.The place is magical.
I'm actually going for the first time in my adult life this fall! I'm really excited! \ Well, you are about to have the fun of your life, but gamble responsible.
I am so surprised Roger Federer lost yesterday at Wimbledon. he is the GOAT of tennis. \ I'm not too familiar with Tennis, Is he known to be a winner? 
He is the best player ever.He won the mos grand slams titles. \ Wow that's neat! Crazy to hear he lost then as you said.
I have never cheated on my boyfriend \ Has your boyfriend ever cheated on you?
Nope! It's important to have trust in a relationship. \ I agree. Trust is the basis for any good relationship.
I had to train a new employee at work today. \ How did that go?
She wasn't the type of person that listened very well. In fact, she decided to go smoke a cigarette during our training session. \ The cigarette break is not a good sign at all.
I am so happy that I have finally gotten a head start on being organized to teach this year \ This is so good, well done
Thank you. There is so much to do when you are teaching multiple grades \ How long have you been on this?
The quality of television the make these days compared to when I was growing up is very good \ I think there are a lot more choices now than there was years ago
yes now you have LED and OLED \ I still remember the old tube tvs
My husband and I were about to go away for our first vacation together. I was so excited. \ That is nice. Where are you going?
We went to Lake Powell in Utah to rent a house boat. \ That is a good idea.
I am so scary that my manager doesn't keep his promise for my promotion. \ I am sure he will!
I don't know. I have a bad feeling about it. \ No, no reason to he will do it.
My daughter's daycare teacher just called me and told me how she's been so sweet to the new boy in her class who was very nervous on his first day. I couldn't feel more joy. \ That's awesome.  Good parenting pays off.
It does but she also has a sweet and kind nature about her. \ always a plus.  That makes things easier
I get to go fishing on friday! \ Nice, how excited are you for it?
aboout a 8 out of 10 \ I'd be that excited too, I love to fish.
I did not have enough money for rent, but I had some freelance work that I could do and I was confident I could make the money in time. \ You are a hard working person, you will be fine
Thank you, that's encouraging.  \ Like they say, hard-work never killed anyone
I stop taking people serious after i realize that my wife of 5 years had a baby without telling me \ Oh my god that's crazy, I'm sorry to hear that.
It's alright, I think it's good to do proper background check and make sure one is 100% sure before jumping into dealings with people these days  \ I hope nothing like that ever happens again.
My son's school starts next week and they just changed the first day of school! \ I am so sorry to hear that!
