A cool $100. I needed it too. \ Hey that is nothing to sneeze at, I would take that in a heartbeat
I get sentimental about my family sometimes, I just really love them a lot \ Really? Have you got a large family?
Our immediate familyis just 5 people \ But you are all very close knit then?
Speaking of family, I love reading to my little neice. \ That must be fun, it is so cute watching kids try to read books for some reason
Yeah - I think it's because you know that they will learn to do it within a couple of years but whilst they are learning they are trying to discover it for themselves. \ Yeah, kids are just so adorable, watching them learn in front of your eyes is an awesome privelege 
I just graduated college and I couldnt be happier. It was a huge accomplishment. Neither of my parents went to college. \ That's awesome. What was your major.
Finance. I feel so accomplished. I am ready for whatever comes next in life. It feels good to work hard and for it to finally pay off. \ You'll do great. Your parents must really b proud.
MY daughter just used tape to stick a bunch of photos on her wall \ Oh no. That may ruin the walls.
I know! I told her I need to approve of all decorations. I am so mad. \ Hopefully she learns her lesson. 
Stephen Kings new show has a new episode tonight. \ What is it called? I may tune in!
It's called Castle Rock. It is really creepy. It comes on HULU \ Oh, I have hulu, I need to look into that!
I am hopeful I will get a better paying job soon, I could really use the money \ What is you job now?
I do IT but only part time \ Oh. Well keep looking. You will find something soon.
Was driving my sister to her friend's house today and the car almost hydroplaned because the streets were wet. Cannot believe I didn't crash into the car in the other lane \ That is really scary. Hydroplaning is something you can really do nothing about
Yeah, I know they teach you to steer in the other direction and to lay off the gas and all, but still when it all happens in an instant, it's easy for you to just forget how to even function properly \ It happens really quickly. You forget everything then.
I am excited about my next semester at school. \ Oh, you're starting up again soon, too? Me too. I'm excited and a little bit unexcited. Will be good to have a schedule, but worried about being able to do school and earn money to pay rent. What are you majoring in?
I'm majoring in Psychology and Criminology. I have gotten the hang of the work/school/mom balance so I think it's going to go great \ Hey, that's pretty cool! I'm majoring in social work. Those both are close alternatives to social work that I gave some thought to. Sometimes I think I should have done criminology, but oh well. I hope you enjoy your semester.
I used to be afraid of the dark. I had a nightlight until i was 13 \ have you grown out of it ?
In a sense I have, I am still not a big fan but I do not use a light anymore \ well thats a good start
just once was i late with my payment and they charged me 39 bucks, i hate visa \ That is obnoxious, I would switch just to stick it to them
they would not even do a courtesy waive \ that is terrible, that is not a good way to keep people
I really like the new football coach. \ I like football, who are you talking about? what team?
The Falcons and their new defensive coach. \ Oh i see! are you excited with him? do you think they can go for the super bowl?
So yeah i drove 2 hours to get to wallmart. with 299 in my wallet as advertised, and the real price of the tv was 399 usd. what a bummer \ Thats horrible.
Yeah i had my hopes reall high and then i left empty handed, such a terrible feeling! \ Yes I do not like walmart.
I am trusting of my girlfriend of almost 3 years, sheis very special to me \ Glad for you. I have broken up with mine after 3 years of being together
That is sad to hear, why did things end? \ It was her who initiated the first move for us to split our ways. She said she was not feeling happy with me
I once saw my partner talking to her male colleague in a coffee shop. To be honest, i kind felt mad because of being jealous \ I would be more than jealous, but maybe I am not super sane about that kind of thing
I think i should go easy on her as I am right now. She does not deserve such treatment from me \ That is probably true, but the stories we hear do not help
I was devestated when I lost my grandmother, we were very close \ I'm sorry to hear that. Did she pass away recently?
Not super recently, but a few years ago, but it still hurts \ Yeah. It is difficult when you lose someone you're close to.
I had a wonderful holiday to Disney World when I was about 12. \ that is a perfect time to go, that is when I went as well
Yeah - it felt really magical. \ It sure did, it was the best vacation I have ever been on
I was afraid when my dad used to scare me and my brothers \ Was he just playing tricks on you, to get you to laugh? Or was he being malicious about it? 
No he was just playing tricks I suppose, but still \ Yeah, sometimes dads forget how young kids are and just do what they think is funny. My dad wasn't the best either at understanding how fragile kids can be. But he was still a good da
Wasn't able to register for one of the classes I need to be on track to graduate in my last year of college. Have to contact the school and see if they'll be able to make an exception and squeeze me into a full class, or I don't know what I'll do. \ That is scary, I was in that position before, I do not know why they make it so difficult
Truthfully, it was my fault. I should have registered for that class sooner. I thought I would be able to skip it, but I realized I wouldn't. It was my mistake. \ Still, school is about making mistakes and learning from them
I am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, I always had a nightlight \ Nothing wrong with that, it's the unknown that scares us all.
I get that, I still felt bad at the time \ I'd try not to be too down on myself over it.
My daughters started back to school today. \ My daughters started back to school today.
is that a good thing or a bad thing? \ It's good, but I'm a little nervous for them. I know they'll be fine.
I am grateful for my family, they mean a lot to me even if they are not perfect by any stretch \ i agree on all terms, without family we dont mean much in the world
That is for sure, it really rings true \ of course
i should stop paying them, they do not prepare my lawn right for me \ That is not cool, I would cancel immediately
they come and spend 15 minutes and leave \ Oh, yeah you should definitely cancel in that case
My son was in an away soccer tournament when his cleats broke!  I had an extra pair in the trunk though.  \ That's lucky!  Did he get hurt from his shoes breaking mid game?
No but they wouldn't let him off the field because it wasn't time to sub! He kept falling! \ Oh no!  I hope it didn't effect his team too much.
My wife went to Germany to attend a language course at the end of June.  I've been mostly spending time with my dogs while she's been gone since we recently moved and I don't really know anyone outside of work. \ you should take the dogs to a dog park after work and meet people!
That's a good idea.  I don't know where there's a dog park near me, I should look into that. \ Definitely. I think even Waze app will tell you in you search 'around me'. 
I get nostalgic thinking about Pokemon when I was younger, I had so much fun with that game \ that is pretty normal, so do i
It was so fun, I wish I could go back to those days \ those days will not ever come again, we have to live with it
i wish he could make it, i was just there alone with no one to enjoy the basketball game with \ who are we talking about?
it was me , went to a game alone . got tix for my friend but he could not make it \ Oh, I am sorry to hear that!
Hi, I got angry in the supermarket on saturday \ Why is that?
It was very very busy and a woman had her young child (toddler age)pushing a trolley that was holding everyone up \ That is no fun, leave the kids at home for stuff like that!
I am anticipating the new super smash bros game coming out soon \ Yeah - is it a reboot of the old version from years ago?
It is actually an ultimate version, it has everything from the old games \ Oh cool - I haven't played all of them, but did playthe first one.
I am excited for the new super smash bors game coming out soon \ I'm not familiar with that, tell me more.
It is a fighting game with nintendo characters like Mario, Zelda and Pokemon characters \ That sounds like fun, which game platform?
My daughters are talented musicians. I'm very proud of them. \ That is awesome, I am very much the opposite, hat is a great skill!
I think so too. one is a violinist and the other a pianist. \ Wow those are not easy to learn either, good job raising them!
I am faithful to my girlfriend all the time, I wish that was not so rare \ oh, what happened?
Nothing for me, but other people are not faithful \ oh that's bad. I feel sorry for you.
I think small things make me worried \ Small things like what?
Back in school, I studied a lot for an important exam. But, still I was very much worried about my test results. \ Ah, well for some people, that is a very big thing!
I am so proud to be an American. \ I know that feeling!  Are you involved in any political or activists groups?
No I am not. \ Me neither.  But I agree with your sentiment - it is a great place to live and be a part of!
We tried for a baby for a long time, almost 4 years. Waiting those 9 months to meet her were so hard! \ Yes. I do not have any kids myself.
We have two now and they are both almost grown - time for grandkids I guess! \ Yes. Grandkids would be fun.
Last year I had to pay $300 for my daughter's 7th grade books. They are under $100 this year.  \ that sure is a lot of savings
I know. I was quite surprise. She can also use some books from last year. \ did you check ebay ? its cheaper tehre
i got a smaller tv but i wanted the bigger one which my wife did not get me \ How small is small?
42 inches \ That's not bad. I want a 75 inch but I'm settling at 55 for now lol
I usually give money to the bell ringers around xmas time but i did not give them any last year \ Why is that?
i was just so broke this year \ Oh, well i hope the tides turn for you soon!
I am excited for the new super smash bros game coming out for the nintendo switch soon \ when is the release date
It comes out in December I beleive \ just in time for the holidays, nintendo is smart
yesterday I gave an important presentation to my colleagues. \ How did it go?
It went really well! thanks for asking! I am very much optimistic about the results! \ Congrats! I bet that feels great!
My son just had a track meet that he has been working so hard practicing for. He was so nervous. \ oh, tell him not to feel nervous. He worked very hard indeed.
He did so well! He got first place! \ Oh that's great! good for you him!
Oops. I meant I was upset when my dog died. \ I'm sorry, How long has it been?
Happened in Febuary. \ That's always a tragedy.
I've been upset at the way my daughters' school has changed this year. \ Oh no, what happened?
they've changed the way we pick up the kids in the afternoon to where it is much more confusing. \ That's not good. Maybe they are trying to protect them better, but haven't figured out a good plan
i pooped my pants at disneyworld, no one suspected me but it was stinking the rides up  \ Wow that is not cool, why not tell your parents?
i am the parent  \ Ah okay, well that makes a big difference
I am very excited to play the new pokemon game coming out for the nintendo switch soon \ i am excited for you
I am too, it is a really fun game, I cannot wait to see what else they do for it \ will you be playing it a lot ?
I am so happy that I can stay home with my children. They are so smart and respectful. \ that is great, that is a dream come true for a lot of people!
I actually get sad when summer is over and they have to go to school. \ I understand that, it can leave a large void, my mom used to be like that too
I was devestated when my grandmother passed away, i was unsure what to do with myself for a long time after \ It can be hard. I went through that myself.
It certainly can be, I wish life was not like that, but there is no fixing it now \ We have to deal with it and try to move on. 
Something I did not expect from a neighbor, this morning he gave me some beautiful flowers \ Wow, that is sweet of him, does he have a crush on you?
It was a nice gesture on his part. But I do not know \ Huh, well maybe he is starting his campaign lol
I cannot wait for the new Pokemon game to come out soon! \ How good. I think you like it a lot
I really do, it was an important game to me as a kid \ to me likewise I find it a super fun game
I really care about my brothers, our bond is closer than most I feel like \ thats what the love and family bond i think
Yeah, it is very special to a lot of people, blood is thicker than water \ accepting .. but not in my case.. you are lucky i guess
 it s every ones right to get notified.. is it not right \ Notified of what?
about the who actually need it ...like admiration..? \ Ah, that makes sense
My job can annoy me sometimes, people always have issues \ That's always a bad thing about having to work with others.  What kind of issues do they have?
Just issues with technology \ The worst kind.  I bet they think they know what they need to do and get really annoyed when you try to help.
My neighbor has a really annoying little dog that she always brings outside when she's smoking.  It barks constantly at everything and she doesn't try to keep it quiet. \ What type of dog is it?
A Pomeranian.  I don't have anything against that type of dog specifically, but this one is just terrible. \ I get that, some are just not well trained at all
i felt guilty \ about what?
yes  meet to \ I am sorry? I do not understand
i really like my brothers, they mean a lot to me even if it is frowned upon to express it \ no iam here dude
Yeah, I get it, they are very important to me though \ yeah me tooo. then how was your day today?
I feel bad I stole a cookie from the cookie jar. \ oh no. Did you get rid of the evidence?
Yes. I ate it quick. \ who's cookies were they?
I had been doing poorly in college for a while. \ Do you study?
I do now. I passed all of my classes last semester, so I think I;m back on track. \ Thats good. Where do you go?
about today's work  \ Okay, I'm feeling nostalgic about my childhood.
ya mee too i like my brother \ it was a long time ago, but I still remember it well.
My childhood was mostly in the 1970s \ ok thank you bye
You going somewhere ? \ 4
5 \ 4
I was having a bad day yesterday, but my friends were there to help cheer me up. It's nice to know I can rely on people when I need to \ Friends help us in difficult times, thank God we have them
Yes, no one can do things all on their own. That's for sure \ I hope you overcome that situation with the help of your friends
This morning my husband received a call, he got nervous, I think it was a woman ... difficult \ Oh? That's not good. Do you think he has lots of secrets?
I think so ... I'm a little worried, because of the situation \ I'm sorry :( I do hope things can be worked out
The other day, there was a movie I wanted to see. I invited a friend to go with me, but they decided they didn't want to come because they were going with another friend.  \ That really sucks... did you tell them how that made you feel? 
No...I guess I should have. I guess I really think they should have went with me too, or invited me to go with them.  \ I would tell them.. and if it happens a 2nd time then they arent very good friends to have! :/
I am so proud of my wife, she was very nervous today but still went to her interview.  \ Oh wow! That's great. Did she say how it went?
Yeah she actually ended up getting hired even tho she was about to pass out lol  \ Hired the same day though...she must have done really well, despite being nervous!
This semester is going to go great. I can feel it! \ Sounds like hard work has been paying off for you.
I finally got my work and school life balance and I'm prepared so I hope so \ That is always a good feeling. I love when I am on top of things.
So last week for my birthday two of my friends flew down and I was not aware of it. It really meant a lot because I just moved to a new city. \ That's awesome.
I couldnt believe it when they called me from the airport asking where my new place was. I thought they were playing a mean prank. I was shocked and so happy to see them. \ I bet that warmed your heart. My old friends won't even drive across the city for me. We always meet downtown.
I have a great picture from my wedding where my friends and I are in a circle having a shot, makes me want to go hang out with them again. \ I assume you don't get to see them often?
Yeah, we moved away a few months after the wedding for my wife to go to Graduate school. \ That's too bad. I bet you miss them.
I have a dentist appointment next week. I hate going to the dentist. I don't want to go. \ I went through that for like 5 years.  Ended up finally going and they've made a lot of advances in comfort since I last went before that.
I have a tooth that has been bothering me and I've already put this off for so long. \ Yeah, you should definitely bite the bullet (metaphorically).  It'll only get worse from here if you don't do anything, and it probably won't be as bad as you worry.
I'm very proud of my daughters. \ Thats great! How many do you have?
I have two, ages 10 and 13. They are musicians. \ Wonderful! What kind of instruments do they play?
I had a bad surgery and I could not go home and take care of my animals and my mom did it all for me everyday. \ Are you better now?
Yes, it was 7 months ago but it was a long road. I am glad I had someone to help in an emergency. \ That's so nice to have someone to depend on.
McDonalds never gets my order right. \ That is so annoying. Do you check the bag before arriving home at least?
I do and I always have to go inside. It's so annoying. I hate that my kids love their nuggets. \ Its the worst. I would complain to management. You cant be the only one it happens to.
I had a great interview yesterday. Im really nervous and cant stop thinking about it. I hope they get back to me soon. \ I hope so too! Waiting for the call back is so nerver wrecking.
I keep pacing around. Maybe I will go to the gym to calm my nerves. \ Take your mind off of it and before you know it, you'll be filling out new hire paperwork!
Yesterday, a difficult day, the anniversary of the death of my mother \ Sorry to hear about the bad news.
Thank you for your solidarity \ How long ago did she die?
I pray that I will beat my disease. \ The strength remains us the prayer, it helps us to get ahead
Luckily, I have some of the best doctors. \ Well ... God is in the hands of your doctors
Last week, my girlfriend invited me to meet her parents. The whole time I was on edge because I wanted to make a good impression. \ That's nerve wracking for sure.  How did it go?
Well we had dinner and the whole time a was stuttering because her father was asking very personal questions, but I think they liked me. \ It probably went well, despite the common jokes most parents want their child to date someone good so try to look for the best in people.
I went for an interview for a job I really wanted and ended up waiting a long time before I heard anything.  I managed to keep my spirits up for a good long while. \ I hope you got it.
I did actually!  It's a good job, especially since the market where I am isn't great for my field. \ Congrats! You deserve it for keeping your faith!
I like to prepare before a long trip. \ Are you going to go out alone or with the family? vacation?
It'll be a family vacation, to a cabin. \ Well, I hope you have a lot of fun in contact with nature
My daughter is angry with me, she says she does not need me, because I scolded her \ How old is she?
She is 9 years old but she is a very focused girl \ Well, you know she'll get over it, but it does hurt.
I've got a job interview next week. I'm feeling a little uneasy about it. \ Interviews can be nerve wrecking.
Yeah, I'm definitely excited for it \ I think if you stay calm you'll do fine.
I recently had a court date for child support. \ Yikes, that must of been a bit scary. How did it go?
The other party didn't show up so they put out a warrant for him. I don't have to go back now. \ That's something at least. I hope they catch him.
They always do and then we start all over again. It's sad. \ Yeah, I have a friend who has gone through the same situation. She just wants whats best best for her kids. I hope things get better for you.
I found myself divorced a few years ago, and for the first time in my life, I was living alone. \ I felt sad and depressed due to my insecurities and felt rejected from society
Yes, I felt that way for a while. But then I grew used to the solitude. \ The problem is I don't think you can grew out of my specific insecurity.
I felt proud when I had accomplished a dream that I wanted to do for a long time. It was absailing!! \ I'm not familiar with abseiling, but I'm glad that you felt good about it.
absailing, its when you rappeling down a building. What have you down that amazing? \ Oh, I see. No, I've never done that.
We let our tabby/calico mix cat, Callie, go outside during the day because she enjoyed being outdoors and also to get away from our other cat who persisted on bullying and tormenting her. One afternoon when she was out I happened to walk outside just in time to see a stray pit bull chase and grab her and shake her around like a rag doll until she died. \ Oh my god. That is horrifying.
Yes, it was so heartbreaking. I had to call my husband who came home from work so we could bury her in the back yard. He was heartbroken, too, because he and Callie had a special bond. \ I rescue animals, it's best not to let cats wander outside. So many bad things could happen.
We definitely learned our lesson, but the silver lining is that she didn't appear to suffer. Looked like the dog broke her neck and she probably died instantly. And at least she was doing what made her happy right up until the last. That's great you rescue animals. Do you foster them and find homes for them? \ yes! That can happen around any bigger dog. We had a foster dog do it. It is horrible! So sorry for your loss. I have lost many this past year. Accidents happen. 
It's always sad but there is little you can do other than keep them indoors where they are miserable. I'm sure I'm not the only one to suffer this kind of loss. \ You are not! I let my cats outside but supervised. Yes it's hard if they love it. You can get a special cat fence :) 
I share a birthday with my cousin and sometimes as a kid I would get envious when we would get different presents of the same gift. We would get different colors and for some reason I would always want the same as her \ I can understand that. Was there a reason one color was chosen for her and another for you?
No idea. But you know when you're kids- she would get different barbies too and I was always envious. Seems trivial now but as a kid- I hated it \ Sounds like you wanted to be the same as your cousin and not set apart. It may seem trivial now, but I know it wasn't trivial to you at the time.
My partner is away at therapy and getting help staying somewhere else so it's hard but its' for the best \ It must be hard being apart. Just know he will return a better person most likely.
It is very hard. I live alone now so it makes it hard especially at night. I keep hoping so! As he has so many deep rooted issues. \ He will need your support when he gets back. Just stay strong and know its for the best.
I worked really hard at studying for the SAT. I just got my scores back and I scored really high. It made my parents happy. \ Wonderful! Congratulations! What are you going in too college for?
Im going to study Finance. It just goes to show that if you put your mind to it you can achieve anything. \ You sure can! Hard work is required to get something of value.
My cat died last week. I feel so lost without her. \ :( I am so sorry to hear that... how old was she? 
She was 23 years old. I got her when I was 5. \ She lived a long life for a cat but its never long enough for us who they leave behind. I hope you feel better soon... 
I really hope my daughter doesnt get bullied in school.. its so bad now..  \ It really is bad everywhere and the bullying policies don't help. 
It really is scary being a parent and seeing how kids are to one another.  \ Yes it is. It makes me want to homeschool.
My friend lost her job but won $5,000 from a scratch-off ticket. \ Wow! had she ever won before?
Nope! It brought so much relief to her. \ Sometimes those things happen just when we need them. It would be nice if they happened for extra money too! lol
I know I can succeed in my business if I work my butt off every night after work. \ You definitely can! What are your plans?
I sell stuff online and I let too much get in the way before but I am working hard at it every night. You have to work hard if you want anything. \ That's true. I wish you the best of luck!
My daughters are musicians, the youngest a pianist, and the oldest a violinist. \ I congratulate you on your children .... That says a lot about you as a father o mother
I'm the father, and thank you. It has been hard work, but what a payoff. \ We need good parents, that will make the world more human
Hello, tomorrow I have the cooking test and I feel safe. I am sure that I will approve with an excellent rating \ oh, how nice. What are your plans in that regard for the future?
have my own restaurant \ What a dream come true for you that'll be.
So I had huge plans to go away for the summer but that has changed. I failed one of my final exams and I now have to take the course over this summer. I cant believe I let that happen. \ Mistakes happen but it's good you are learning from it. We all make mistakes
The worst part is that my friends are all still going so I will have a very lonely summer. \ Maybe it will be just what you need though. Time to really concentrate and learn and grow within yourself as an individual :) Maybe you will have a nice romance too
I recently rescued a dog and she was so starved and abused I am not sure if she is pregnant or simply is having a hard time after eating plastic. \ That is very kind of you. You should take it to the vet for a check up.
I am going too soon. I have to save up for her ultrasound. I have rescued for years but this was unexpected and I don't have 100's laying around. She is not an emergency right now but it simply makes me angry she was used for breeding- starved almost to death and then left to get hit by a car- And so young- pregnant before- \ I takes a special kind of person to do what you are doing. Im sure that dog is already much happier in your care. 
Borrowed my friend's car, and someone rammed her the door in the parking lot. \ Oh no... yikes have you told your friend yet? 
Oh yea. I'm paying her deductible for it. \ well thats good of you! too bad it happened :/ but glad shes not upset 
I am feeling in such a good mood this week. Finally!  \ That's nice to hear! What's going on?
My house is going to possibly get signed tonight around 7pm, and I found a better job. :D \ Wow. Those are 2 fantastic news!
I am so thankful for my wife, and child. I honestly dont know what I would do without them.  \ Sounds like you have a wonderful family. Some people take it for granted.
They really do.. maybe because they have never had to have it rough. We deff learn from the worst events in our life.  \ I've had those experiences as well. My family is also very precious to me. 
My friend's eyes keep hurting at night. She's been to the doctor, but they can't find anything wrong with her \ The weirdest thing... it sucks when you dont know whats causing it. Has she been to an eye doctor or just a general dr? 
She's just been to her doctor. I'll see if she can see a specialist. \ sounds like a good idea i hope her pain goes away asap! 
i really want to lose weight, i'm sure i can do it \ You can. It will take some persistence. How's it going so far?
well i've been struggling because I gained too much when my wife was pregnant but i lost 10 lbs so far \ Oh that's like the reverse pregnancy. When the husband gains the weight!
My little boy won the spelling bee! \ wow! that's so amazing. I bet you are so proud of him
I am. It was so nice to see him so happy! \ I bet! What a bright young man you raised!
My parents are getting old and I'm worried about them. \ Oh no. Have you made plans on what you're going to do to take care of them?
Well, there's not much I can do. My Mom's already in the nursing home, and my Dad's married (with me as the outsider) \ It sounds like a tough situation. I feel for ya.
Visited my grandma, and she is still as loving as can be. Her cooking is wonderful \ Does she live far away from you?
Yea. She lives on the other side of the country. \ How often do you get to see her?
I am ok with being fat. \ It shouldn't matter what you look like, but why would you think you are fat?
I weight more than I should. \ It doesn't mean you are fat or overweight. Everyone is different.
My daughter is very smart. She learns things really quickly. \ Thats great.
Yes, she picks up on things that I didn't even think she knew about. \ Did you teach her?
My girlfriend is working in another country for 2 years. I'm afraid of the people she'll meet, but I trust her. \ how interesting. What country she is at now?
She's in England. I'll be visiting her though whenever I get the chance. \ I think England is a pretty safe country. That will be so much fun when you go there
I'm so happy i made enough money yesterday to pay my bills! \ Oh man, bills. That's awesome!
yes, such a relieve! \ Does anyone help you with the bills?
That promotion I was telling you about at work, well I did not get it. The worst part is that my friend did. Its hard for me to be happy for him. \ Oh man. I am sorry. Your time will come. That is a very hard situation! One of those hard ones in life.
I just cant stop thinking why him and not me. I received very positive feedback from my bosses. I just dont understand. \ Maybe you should ask your boss? Maybe he is more charasmatic. That happens sometimes. I am sorry. I've been there!
I love the goats of Anarchy owner. She gave up a lucrative career on wallstreet to save goats and now other animals that would otherwise be pts or used for meat. She dedicates everything to help them. \ That is so generous. Sounds like she has found her calling in life.
She has! She does have hard days when some don't make it. I understand that but she is a saint. if we all helped a cause like this- whether animals or people- much less suffering would happen. \ I hope she is getting the donations she needs to keep doing this.
I was impressed with my friend when she finally left her ex,5|5|5_4|5|5,
hit:1412_conv:2824,2,impressed,I was impressed with my friend when she finally left her ex.  ,296,Was he abusive?,5|5|5_4|5|5,
hit:1412_conv:2824,3,impressed,I was impressed with my friend when she finally left her ex.  ,267,Yes he was very abusive.,5|5|5_4|5|5,
hit:1412_conv:2824,4,impressed,I was impressed with my friend when she finally left her ex.  ,296,That's too bad. Hopefully he gets better and wakes up now that she left.,5|5|5_4|5|5,
hit:1412_conv:2825,1,terrified,I rescued a dog in the woods. Was scary!,296,I once lived in a hotel and was already overfull with animals and I heard a dog barking panicked in the woods one night. She was tied up in over 100 degree weather- no water, filthy, way overbred and starved.,4|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1412_conv:2825,2,terrified,I rescued a dog in the woods. Was scary!,267,That is despicable.  What did you do?,4|5|5_5|5|5,
hit:1412_conv:2825,3,terrified,I rescued a dog in the woods. Was scary!,296,I was terrified for a moment as it was back in the woods where some sketchy people hang out at night and live- but I grabbed her from that rope and I hid her for a few days until I found a rescue. I was threatened too- Her owner" was out DRINKING instead of feeding or watering her- She was so starved and could've died in the heat. Even though I was scared there was no way I was giving her back. \ I agree with that.  That animal is probably very lucky because of you.
Sometimes we have angels, called friends, I'm happy because God sent me mine \ awh thats so sweet how long have you two known one another? 
We are 12 years old, but we have had difficult moments, but we have overcome it \ sounds like a great friendship! 
My daughter walked the other day for her first time!  \ It has already taken its first steps towards independence, that is something big
yes it is really  \ is achieved at a steady pace ... it fills us with hope and happiness
Went to the rec center today after work, and it was closed. They didn't announce it or anything \ Thats a bummer. What do you do there?
I play volleyball with some friends. Gotta get that exercise in after work. \ Oh nice! Good for you. Maybe go for a run?
I felt incredibly angry when my mom..who does everything for everyone and with a nice heart was gossiped about by my aunt until none of the family was nice to her \ Wow. What gripe does your aunt have with your mom?
She just likes to talk bad about people behind their back. She just isn't very nice. She's one of those. \ Those kinds of people usually have the worse self-esteem. 
I finally got promoted at work after 3 years! \ Woohoo! That is amazing. hope it came with some great benefits.
Would have been nice to get additional benefits but just the money boost! \ Hey sometimes thats even better. More financial stability is great.
So last time I was at my parents I decided to drive through my old neighborhood growing up. The field we used to play sports was still there. I cant stop thinking about how much fun we had there. \ Must have been really nostalgic. Did you think about going to play on that field again?
I did. but it was cold out so I just drove by. I wonder if some of my old friends parents still live around there. That was a good time. Being young and playing with friends. \ Childhood seems to be a great time for most, but then we wanted to grow up too fast.
Hi! I've been losing weight recently and it's helped with my anxiety.  \ I bet you feel great too.
I definitely do. It's amazing. \ That is awesome. Congrats!
My tooth has been hurting for over a month and keeps getting worse. \ I'm sorry to hear that.  Tooth pain is something awful to have to deal with.  
Yes and I do not want to go to the dentist. I hate the dentist. \ Going isn't fun, but unfortunately it's necessary some times. I hope you feel better soon.
I was by all of my cats sides when a few passed away this past year giving palliative care when they were so sick. I didn't give up on them until they were ready to go \ you did the right thing... do you foster them or are they yours since kittens? 
A few were seniors..others..too young but had been with me for a few years. It's been a rough year but I will always take care of them even when it's hard for me- They deserve it. \ really kind of you! 
Im still upset really about what happened, but I should just get over it.  \ What happened?
I found out my wife cheated on me recently.  \ Oh my god. You shouldn't just get over it- it is not right. Betrayal is something no one should do to another.
My friend got into her first choice school with a full ride scholarship! \ Wow! It's always nice when life works out well, especially if the person deserves it.
Yea. She actually bounce from foster family to foster family. Didn't have the greatest support growing up. \ That is hard! I am glad she sees her worth and is going to get more education.
Well our police don't show up here for even gunshots or rapes but they are so corrupt they had a "blight" squad come ticket our nice car for being parked on my own lawn..that I take care of. \ That's some great police workforce your town has. (sarcasm)
I know. It's very corrupt here. We have houses all across from us that are falling apart and broken in too by druggies with grass 5ft tall- but they just wanted to have our car to resell thats why. It made me so angry as if our NICE car parked on my nice lawn is a blight :/ It's my lawn. \ Wow, What state is this in?
I've been practicing speaking in front of people for 4 months now. I think I'm ready for open mic night. \ That is awesome!  What are you going to do?
I'm going to tell some jokes and hopefully don't freeze up. I'm pretty shy in front of people! \ That is very brave.  I a sure you will do great!
It makes me think of the good old days when I was a kid when I listen to the music in my aunts car \ What does? Were you in a car ride with your aunt?
Yes, she plays 80's music and I grew up in the 80's \ Oh you're an 80s kids, hu? What do you feel about the music nowadays?
I am excited for baseball playoffs. Are you? \ I watch it sometimes, It can be a little slow moving for my taste.
I love the Yankees. \ Are you from New York area. I'm a little farther south, but I do like them for sure. 
I had jury duty for three months this spring. Its was surprisingly fun and interesting.  \ I hate jury duty.
It can be an inconvenience and it only paid 12 dollars a day. So that was bad. \ Yes. They underpay.
I snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text. \ Is it something that commits you a lot?
No. She's been kinda off lately. \ ahh ... then you have to support it
my son behaved badly with his friend, I treat him badly, I had to punish him \ Oh no. How old is he?
He is 12 years old, but he must understand that friendship is something sacred \ Friendship is special. Did he do something to his friend?
Was supposed to hang out with my friend after work but turns out she has to work late \ That really sucks
Yea, it does. Don't know if we'll ever to hang out. \ I always hate when work gets in the way of having friends. It's always one way or the other.  If it's not your schedule it's theirs
When my brother got out of college he had a job and a car and was doing so fucking great for himself. Everything was lined up and he was ready to take off in the world. The moment I graduated college I have nothing that I can do. I took the same degree but that 5 year gap has led me to have nothing compared to him. It was so fucking annoying  \ Man, that's gotta be a horrible feeling. I think it would help if you try not to compare yourself to others.
I do my best but sometimes that's super hard. I guess that's just one of those things everyone got to deal with.  \ I hope things turn out better for you. Keep fighting.
I was really impressed when my boss won an award for his leadership \ Cool. Did he thank the "little people"?
Yes he certainly did. \ That's good. Sometimes bosses think they do it all by themselves.
My daughter has become so responsible over the summer. \ That is great.  you must be so proud
I really am. I used to have to tell her things over and over, but she has gotten everything ready for school and it doesnt start for 1.5 weeks. \ That is really impressive considering summer is really tough to learn that!
Got a call that I won the weekend trip to New York. I've never been! \ Great, are you taking anyone with you?
Yea, I'm taking my mom. \ That should be a very fun trip for you.
I ran into a snake in the yard the other day. \ Oh god. How big was it?
Only about three feet long, but it did startle me. \ Man, that's scary. Is it out now?
Got to the hotel where I booked my room, and it turns out they gave my room to someone else! \ What?! You should ask them for a free upgrade, because that's not cool.
They pretty much acted like I'm out of luck. \ That's awful. Try asking for the manager next time. 
I went to a job interview a few days ago, and I feel like I totally rocked it! \ Oh man, that's awesome. I hope you get it!
Thanks a bunch! It pays much better than my current job, so I really hope I do, but I think I got it in the bag. \ Glad you rocked that interview. Sounds like it's gonna be a sweet gig.
I am so excited to get away for a bit \ Getting away is definitely needed sometimes.
It sure is.  I can't wait to bask in the sun and relax on the water. \ Are you vacationing somewhere nearby or somewhere else?
I missed the sale on a laptop I've been wanting for work. \ That is disappointing.  What kind of laptop is it?
I'm not very techy, but it would be great for work. The one I'm using now is super slow. \ I know how that is.  Good luck with your search!
I have been able to save up money lately and it makes me feel very relieved. \ I know. Sometimes it's hard to have some left over after bills. What are you saving for?
unexpected things. Yes I need to have many funds. One for car, vet expenses, expenses in case anyone loses a job etc. I am glad I can finally save some. \ Yea, it is a lot of expenses people don't prepare for soemtimes.
I went to my old workplace. A lot of my coworkers were still there. I miss them sometimes \ Why did you leave?
I had to leave for more money, but I really did love it there. \ It's rare to find a place where everyone gets along. I hope your new job is still nice?
Do you ever feel like everyone has nicer things than you do? \ Yea, but I try not to compare. It'll just make me feel bad. What about you?
MY car is trash and it seems like someone around here get a new car every month. \ Wow. How does one get a new car every month. Must be loaded.
After 40k in credit card bills and a mortgage, I finally paid it all off \ That's great.  True freedom!
Absolutely, it feels like so much weight has been lifted off. \ I will get there one day.
I got a new job. There's so much debt I want to clear off \ Is it a well paying one?
It pays for the bills. Not much left for savings though, but it's soemthing. \ stabilize things first, then save regularly.
I've gotten a good deal of work done today. \ That's awesome. You must feel really relieved.
I do feel a lot better when I work well. \ Do you tend to have a lot of work?
After trying to lose weight for years, I finally got to goal weight \ Woo hoo! Thats awesome. Losing weight can be so hard!
It is. Stopped doing those fad diets and just went slow and steady. \ Thats the way to do it! keto has helped me a lot. Yes a lifestyle change versus a diet.
Well the other week when I was low on funds and needed my energy drinks, I found out my mom had stocked up a bunch for me! \ Wow, go mom! Is she always such a sweetheart?
yes she is incredibly giving and always knows what everyone needs \ I hope you guys let her know how appreciated she is!
I can't believe it hasn't rained today. \ Yes, so are you having nice weather,or is it too dry and need some rain?
Yes we need rain. \ I see. Well, maybe the weather is calling for some in the near future? I like sunshine, but know we need some rain too, hope you get some soon.
My friend's boyfriend recently made a pass at me. I'm married, and I also am really good friend's with his girlfriend so I felt really bad. I made sure he knew I was loyal and honest to both! \ Thats horrible. Did you tell on him?
I struggled with it, but my friend was in a really bad spot, with no income and raising her grandchild, he was the financial supporter. So, I didn't tell her, as I knew it would really hurt her in several ways, plus she really loves him! \ Thats a tough situation.
I went through some of my old stuff yesterday, and I found my security blanket that I used when I was a kid! \ Awww I bet that brought back memories.
It really did. It kinda made me sad, because it was all tattered and dirty. I ended up washing it. \ What will you do with it now?
I just grounded my son for a very long time! \ Yikes! What did he do to deserve that kind of punishment?
He got in trouble for shoplifting at the mall! \ Oh man! You're right for punishing him. Theft is very bad!
We love going on our annual family camping trip, and just got back from it! \ Oh nice! How long did you guys stay?
We went for a week, but did have to come back to town once. \ Oh no, What happened?
I never liked exercising, but I've finally got to exercising for a good month straight \ That's great!  I've been meaning to, but haven't had the time.
Yea, me too. I just had to make time and feel a lot better for it. \ Have you lost any weight over ht epast month?
I found 6 puppies on my doorstep. \ WOW! I just found one dog and I thought that is rough. Are you fostering them now?
Yea, I think I'm their daddy now. \ Wonderful! Rescues will help you with contracts and getting them fixed if you need help. Fix those babies up :) Thanks for keeping them safe!
I have a friend down south who rescues so many animals everywhere she goes without any help. She uses all her own money and the police and AC aren't even nice to her. She goes through so much adversity and sees so much abuse- yet she keeps going with a good attitude \ She sounds like a wonderful person. People who try to help defenseless animals are really special.
She is! I don't know how she keeps such a good attitude. She sees so much abuse and the AC doesn't even care. She holds dying animals. She is truly a good person! She is so nice to everyone. \ She sounds wonderful. I'd definitely want to be friends with someone like that.
I let out a loud fart while eating lunch with my coworkers moments ago. \ That is hilarious! Was it embarrassing or funny at the time?
It was embarassing for me but probably funny for them. \ I can understand that
After the first team meeting under new management I felt very sure that i can depend on my team \ That's great. Sometimes co-workers can be hit or miss. When you get good ones, it's awesome.
It actually really helps to do team building exercises and group outings \ Is that something your work arranges?
My son just refuses to use the potty! \ How old is he?
3.5 My girls were much easier. I can't belive he won't even try. \ Have you tried rewarding him when he does?
Working from home now gives me the chance to be with my daughter more. \ It is great to have more time with the kids.
no more 9 to 5 for me! \ MY first work from home was stressful I had to send the kids to daycare. Not anymore!
I really love being in the great outdoors with my family! \ Oh yea? Where are you guys? In the mountains? Camping?
We went camping, yes.  We're in the Midwest, so no mountains, unfortunately.  But we were near a lake. \ Lakes are awesome. A body of water around here is pretty far. How long are you guys staying?
I accidentally streamed anime through a meeting. My boss wants to have a talk. \ Uhoh.  Was it work appropriate?
It had girls with big boobs but well, I think I can explain myself. \ Oh no.  When will you have to talk to your boss?
My friend works, goes to school full-time and takes care of his sick mom. \ Wow. I bet he is tired all the time. I drink coffee all day for energy
He is tired all the time, but he tries to keep his goal in mind. \ Yeah, it's very important to finish school so you don't have to work three jobs just to survive.
Ugh. Saw a little turtle in the middle of the road and he got ran over by the time I turned around and went back.  So sad. \ Oh no! That's so sad.
I don't know why they keep going across roads like that.  They are so tiny sometimes cars don't see them.   \ I don't think they know where they're going. Probably just trying to get home.
You know, I see all the back to school shopping and I think parents have their priorities mixed up. \ How so?
Parents are more worried about appearances than learning. It's about school supplies not new Jordans or under armor.  \ That's pretty much teaching their kids to worry about appearances than learning, too. That's too bad.
My boss wants me to babysit his daughter. \ Oh I used to love babysitting... depending on the child haha. How do you feel about it?
I think it might cross some professional boundary, but I can't say no. \ I understand where you're coming from. I would probably feel the same way in your shoes.
I found a poor stray kitten on the side of the road, and I nursed him back to full health. Poor thing. \ Did you name it?
I did! His name is Alphy. \ That's cute. I bet he's happy.
I used to work from home before it's not as sweet as this gig. \ Oh? What's your new gig?
It's working from home, but on my own time. \ That does sound pretty good. I mean, working from home is great, but doing it on your own time is way better.
I was singing to some old school Britney Spears. Didn't know my coworkers were still around. \ Lol. That's funny. Better hope you dont end up on YouTube.
They pretended not to notice, but we all know what's up. \ You will be the talk of the break room.
I am still single and all of my friends are married or engaged. \ Being single isn't all that bad. Are you looking for someone?
I am. It never goes past the first date though. I attract weirdos lol \ Better to be single than be with weirdos.
my baby is sleeping. it's so peaceful and quiet in this house \ I guess it makes you appreciate things you used to take for granted, lol. But it doesn't last forever and is worth it. 
i totally agree with you! \ That's a full time job raising a human
We have had some big rain storms this spring and summer. The creek behind my house got in my yard twice. Very scary. \ oh no! that's scary! The house didn't get flooded, right?
Not this time. But it did a little bit in 2009. and the mud and mess was unbelievably hard to clean up.  \ i'm sorry to hear that!
My friend left her cactus under my care. It's been with her for 5 years. It's kinda dead now I think. \ How can you tell if a cactus is dead?
It's wrinkly now. \ I've never seen that before
I am headed to the goodwill later to drop off some donations \ that's very kind. Many people wouldn't go out of their way to do that.
It's the least I can do. My kids grow out of their clothes before they can tear them up and they get bored with toys quickly so why not? \ We need more people like you. The world would be a better place.
I had some Big Macs and Taco Bell gorditas. They were delicious \ That sounds like a good lunch! I love Taco Bell
It was! Thank god I don't gain that much weight. \ That is definitely good, I am not that fortunate! 
It's hard as a parent, when your kids are teenagers and have to handle their own problems \ You kinda want to hold their hand, but you know it's best they solve some problems on their own. You can't be with them all the time.
I know, they mommy in me wants to just jump in and fix it all like I used to \ It is truely for the best. Try not to worry.
My friend lost her job. I've been buying her groceries trying to help out. \ That's pretty nice of you. Has she had any interviews?
Some but they haven't panned out unfortunately. She's so stressed. \ I know the feeling. It can be hard getting back out there.
People in my apartments can be so disgusting. It gets on my nerves. \ Why? What do they do?
MY apartment is near the dumpster and sometimes the just throw the trash near it and not in it. \ People can be so lazy and inconsiderate of others.
There's a restaurant I go to often with my family. After all these years, they're closing down. \ That will be sad. Are you going to get to go again before then?
You know what? That's a great idea. We should go one last time. \ Take lots of pictures, so you can remember it!
I took a test last week that I had studied very hard for. I know I got most of the answers right, but I got a failing grade. \ Must've been a really difficult exam. Will there be other exams to balance it out?
The person sitting next to me copied my answers, so the teacher failed both of us. \ I guess the teacher wasn't going to listen to you? That sucks.
Heading to the buffet after completing a ton of work \ That sounds great! Any particular cuisine in mind?
Definitely Chinese but they've got some American fare, too. \ Oh I love those. They always have great selections and the desserts aren't bad either.
I just got a new appointment and I start tomorrow. I'm very nervous. \ I hope it goes well!
Me too! I go through so much preparation just for the first day only. I want to make sure I do everything right! \ try to get some rest beforehand.
This girl just left her Iphone with me. She doesn't even know me \ Woah, did she say she was coming back? She's awfully trusting.
Yea, she's coming back. I'm not gonna do anything with it, but someone else could easily just walk off with it. \ Totally, and I bet most people would walk off with it. I have no faith in humanity.
My wife called me this morning and told me she scored a new job with Microsoft!  \ that's amazing! She must be excited.
She is so excited. She's even making more than I am. \ Must be nice to have more income coming into the family.
I felt bad my dogs ears have been bothering him. We had to finally take him to the vet yesterday. \ Is he going to be okay?
Yeah, it was ear mites and he got medicine for it. You can tell he isn't feeling good from side effects so I've been babying him. \ Well I bet he appreciates that. We all want to be babied sometimes.
Its meet the teacher day at the school. I always get nervous doing this. \ Are you the parent or the teacher? I get nervous meeting anyone new
Im the parent. I always feel like I don't belong around other parents because they are always much older. \ I felt like that when my kids were younger. Doesn't feel like that now they're teenagers. It'll be ok just act natural
My friend fell during a race, and everyone in the race stopped to help her. \ That was nice. IDid they have to start it over?
Yea, it's been rescheduled. \ Did she hurt herself?
Everything is falling into place for me. \ That's great to hear. What's going on?
My job is good. Kids are doing great in school, and I'm saving for a down payment on a house.  \ That sounds really great. Happy for ya.
Just paid off the house last month. It's so nice not having to worry about mortgages. \ Wow. That's a great accomplishment. I hope to buy a house soon.
Make sure you don't buy more house than you can afford. My parents made that mistake. \ I don't stretch myself too thin. I know I'm far from rich.
I missed work to go to court the other day. \ Oh no, that sucks. What happened at court?
Continuance. For the 5th time. I so tired of it. \ Jesus. That's terrible. I hope you get a breather from that.
Someone hit a coworker's car in the parking lot, and everyone came together to chip in for the deductible. \ That was so nice of them to do such a thing.
It is. I wasn't expecting everyone to come together for one another. This is such a great place to work at. \ I bet it is. When things like that happen it makes you really value where you work. Makes it enjoyable.
I remember a time when I actually had my entire family together for the holidays. It was really nice \ Do you guys not get together often anymore?
We have five kids and his mother. Other than the kids I don't have much family. Our oldest kids are in college. Hard to meet up now. \ You all can still spend time together separately even if you can't all be together. Have to make it work.
Ugh I was so mad the other day, I went to the store and was grocery shopping. When I came out, I noticed my car was very scratched on the back bumper. I was so furious and angry, and I still am.  \ That's actually so frustrating! No note left on your car or anything from the other driver?
No! That's the worst part. I can understand if someone left a note to say sorry. But no :( \ Sorry to hear, I really hope that it doesn't cost to much to fix that up.
I'm still kinda bummed about this, but like a month or more back I was really into this girl from Tinder and we started dating too. Unfortunately, after like 4 or 5 days, she said she wanted to stop dating and hasn't spoken to me since. \ Oh no, that really sucks. That's awful that she wanted to end things, especially since you were really into her. I am sorry.
It's fine, I'm feeling a lot better about it. The thing that irks me is that she went from super happy about dating to literally ending it and ghosting me in so little time. Makes me think it was all fake, but I can't think why she would do it. \ That's really odd, and unfortunate. Thankfully there are many more girls that would match you better :) Don't lose hope!
I bought a chocolate bar for my wife at the store, and I was going to give it to her, but I ended up eating it...I feel bad. \ Lol. Did you tell her? You can just buy another one.
lol I didn't tell her...Should i? \ Just buy another one and don't eat it. lol
I think my life is going pretty decent compared to the past. \ That's great to hear! If you don't mind me asking, what happened?
Nothing bad in a long time is all. I am so used to bad news. Things are just working out. \ Still, that's still great. You better knock on some wood though, just in case. Don't jinx it!
I finally got to go to the bathroom after holding it for 3 hours. Work is crazy busy sometimes. \ I know the feeling. At least you made it.
It was such a relief. I was afraid I'd pee my pants or something. \ Three hours though. I don't think I would've made it.
My neighbors are the worst. \ Oh no. what happened?
They have guests constantly and are always slamming doors. It's terrible. \ If only people were more considerate of others. It's not just them in the world.
I spend a lot of time looking at my kds baby photos. \ Are they grown up now? They grow up so fast.
three, four and thirteen. And they are all terrible lol jk \ hahaha I bet there are.
I haven't gone camping in years that I don't remember what it's like anymore. Finally getting a chance to go again \ Cool. I've never been camping.
It's very relaxing but might not be for everyone of course. \ I would be afraid of animals and bugs I think.
Sounds great. I haven't been anywhere this year and probably won't . Had a lot of expenses lately. \ That happens sometimes. Maybe next year.
I hope. How has your summer been so far? \ I took my kids to the beach and now every time we leave the house they ask if that's where we are going. 
How adorable.  I wish I lived a couple miles away from one. \ Well it's 9 hours away so we probably won't go until next year either lol
I once left my wallet on a bench outside of the airport. \ Did you get lucky and some kind person turn it in
I didn't. I was planning to buy my first car the next day and had my down payment in there too. $2000. True story \ That is horrible. Just think it could have been worse. You could have wrecked and totaled a car or a house burnt. Lots of things are worse.
It took a while to save the money again, but I lived through it. \ Glad for you. A girl I know was walking to her house and a car hit her and killed her. So it's just money and can be replaced
That's terrible. We should all count our blessings. \ Yes, we are here for just a short time
I found a snake a few days ago while walking in the yard. \ OMG. I would have been so scared.
It startled me quite a bit. \ Did it get away or bite you?
i killed it \ With what?
I always bring beer to parties \ Well, you're popular then at least.
funny thing is, at family functions I buy cheap beer. I get the good stuff for my friends. \ that actually makes sense to me.
I put lipstick on before going into the grocery store the other day and when I got back in my car, I looked in the rear view mirror and my teeth were that bright red color. It looked horrible. \ Did you notice any funny glances from anyone?
It would have been more of a shocked look I think. It looked like blood. lol \ Did you taste anything funny from the lipstick?
I did well on a project for a company \ Did you get anything extra, like a bonus or a trip.
I think I might get promoted based on the work \ Great. What business is it?
I'm doing so well right now. I think I'm going to start dating again. \ That sounds great! Did you just get out of a rough relationship?
Two years ago when I broke up with my ex he took everything with him and I had to start over. I feel great now though. \ Oh gosh, I'm sorry to hear that. Hang in there, there's a lot of great guys out there.
Don't you hate it when you get in trouble for something you didn't do? My boss got mad at me for someone else's mistake. \ That's sucks. Does the culprit know?
Yeah, that's the worst part. They warned me that I was going to get yelled at because of something they did. \ That is unacceptable. What are you going to do?
I think there is a mouse in my kitchen. I keep hearing squeaking noises at night. \ probably, time to get the traps and get rid of it.
I'm too afraid to go in there. Luckily I have a door to the kitchen. Otherwise I'd just leave the apartment. \ going to have to do something...call somebody to help you.
5 \ huh?
nothing...nevermind. work has been slow lately. \ That happens sometimes. Is it like that this time of year?
yes, my work is seasonal. \ will it pick up soon?
I was on my way home when a car drove through a huge puddle near the sidewalk \ I can tell where this is going.
I got completely drenched, it was terrible \ That has never happened to me. Thank god!
I have been really bad at work lately. Just plain lazy. \ Why have you been lazy?
Trying to get school things together. I've just been tired. And the work is so repetitive. \ What kind of work is it?
School starts next week and I am all ready to go! \ Oh nice! Are you taking any cool classes?
Just the generals for now but I have all my supplies. I even have my clothes for the first day picked out! \ How exciting! The first day of school is always so fun. 
I'm taking a vacation and going on a cruise to Alaska next week! \ That sounds so fun! 
I've never been, so it's going to be an amazing experience. I'm a little nervous that I'll get seasick. \ Take some medication with you just in case.
We had a really good time on our vacation a couple of weeks ago. \ Thats sound nice. I went on vacation to Thailand last week. What did you do?
We went to Disney world with some friends who had never been before.  We are passholders so we have been several times, but it was fun getting to see it throught the eyes of someone who had never been before. \ I know what that feels like. It must have been exciting! 
We had a great time!  We both have small kids so they loved playing together, and it was nice to get to help show our friends the ropes and all the 'secrets' lol \ Acting as a 'mentor' in these situations is always fun and it makes the whole experience better!
It was a really bad experience. Especially since I wasted all the ingredients!  \ Oh no, was it an important meal?
Yes, it was my nephew's birthday party pizza. And I promised him I would make his favorite pepperoni pizza!  \ That's so sad!  What did you end up doing instead?
We had to order from a fast food chain! It wasn't bad, but fair to say, my nephew was disappointed in me. \ What went wrong with the pizza you were trying to make?
MY friend texted to come over the othe day and I lied and said I wasn't home. \ Hope they don't find out.  Were you just tired or something else?
She wanted to bring her kids too and I just wasn't feeling it. I feel terrible. I like her kids \ Well, next time try telling her the truth, like , I am too tired right now, can we do it another day. and that way you won't feel bad.
Yeah. That's what I should have done. \ I'm sure she would understand if she is a good friend.
She is. I'm going to invite her over tomorrow and cook. \ I bet it will be a good dinner, since there is some guilt involved. lol
Finally got some yard work done last weekend. The grass was getting out of control and if it's too high, you can't hardly cut it.  \ That's true. I'm glad I live in an apartment.
I would like to concrete three quarters of the yard. \ Lol. I think that's more hard work, but you'd only have to do it once lol
My friend just bought my dream car. I have never been so envious in my life! \ What's the model/make
Buick Enclave. I wanted that SUV for years. \ Dang that is a pretty slick ride...how close are you to buying one
Don't you hate it when your broke friends complain about being broke...then drop $100 at the club like nothing? It's the dumbest thing ever \ I really hate that!
Then go to work and post on Facebook about how much they hate their boss...like get your life together buddy haha \ Some people are so petty.
5 years in my apartment and I have always gotten terrible neighbors. \ Does that still happen? I can relate...it was a relief to go on vacation and get away from them.
That's the crazy thing. I just got new neighbors last week and they are a dream. Quiet, respectful, no kids. I love them \ That's great. I went to Europe for a while and came back to the more of the same stomping around above my head. It was a dream to get away.
I had been planning a trip to Europe for months and finally got all my tickets and hostel reservations. It was such a rush to realize it was actually going to happen. \ Wow. That's exciting!
Now I feel bad bringing it up when you've had such annoying neighbors. \ Its not that bad. I'll get to Europe one day lol
I am a stay at home mom. School just started. \ Well does that make you anxious?
It does, this is my only child and he is going to kindergarten. \ Oh, that would be rough. I've been through that too.
Time passes on for us anyhow, and now my kids are in 5th and 8th grade. \ I dread that it will go so quickly!
It does, but you never stop worrying about them. I'm waiting for them to get home now. \ What do you do during the day?
At the time there was a friend that told me that i couldn't jump over him, then i jumped over him. \ What were you standing on? Just the ground?
Yes, I was wearing my new shoes. My Yeezys were on fleek. \ Are those by Kanye West? Not hip with the lingo.
Yes they do happen to be designed by Kanye. They fund the rich life style of the Wests and pay their water bill. \ I have heard water is expensive in California. Well , they are worth it if you can jump straight up five or six feet.
Oh wow no he was five years old and he was laying down on the ground. I could of jumped it barefooted. \ I might be able to do that, not sure.
Started cutting my grass the other day and my pull cord fell off and got chewed up under the mower \ Oof that sucks. Sorry about that. I dont like cutting my grass so my front door is covered in pink papers from city citations. oof
That might cost you a pretty penny. Luckily it left just enough cord so I could tie another piece on to that piece and I can still start it now. \ Nothing like redneck engineering. Did you use Flex tape.
No, had enough to tie another cord to what wasn't chewed up. luckily \ Oh darn I really like those infomercials, wanted to know how the stuff worked.
that stuff cost about 25 dollars, so I doubt I will be trying that out anytime soon \ Actually it costs 15 dollars where I'm located.
Hello, I think I will not forget the beauty of her hair, the sweetness of her lips and the clarity of her eyes \ So...what happened to her
she died ... my mother \ In real life? Or are you making this up
I love watching young Mike Tyson videos...watching him brutally manhandle his opponents then send them straight to the canvas face first...never gets old \ you like it a lot, now what does it do?
...what are you talking about \ of Mike Tyson
I had a dentist appointment today and they made me wait over 45 minutes \ I hate when that happens, and they tell you to come early too.
I don't think I will be going back, going to find another dentist. \ Seems fair, they don't value your time it seems like.
I asked my friend to get some stuff for a party, I knew he'd come through though. \ It is always nice to be able to rely on friends when you need them most.
Yes I agree, we've been friends for a long time so I had faith in him. \ I hope the party turned out to be a great success because of his help.
I was so stressed the other day...  \ How come?
I had to put my dog down at the VETS office.  \ Oh no, I couldn't imagine! I'm so sorry!
Do you ever see kids playing and get taken back to your childhood? That happens all the time for me. \ Yeah and how easy life was? i wish we could atleast have 1 day a year like that but to actually feel as free as them! 
What a great idea! Who do we write letters to to get that to happen? \ Idk ourselves maybe? lol :D
I cant not believe my family did what they did for me !  \ Do you mind talking about it specifically?
Of course, they bought a car for me... still in shock  \ haha well that's a pleasant surprise...what kind of car
When I hear the song "Walking In Memphis" I'm whisked back to vivid memories of watching "Sesame Street" with my mom in our Hong Kong apartment, fun picnics on the beach, and stuffed animals in my room...guessing they must have played that song a lot back then \ That is such a beautiful memory to have. I love that we forever have moments like this... How cool Hong Kong! 
Thanks :) I had a pretty happy childhood...how bout you, do you have a song that triggers memories? \ I do actually quite a few mainly old country songs like daddys hands is a big one super oldie! :) 
I know I shouldnt be scared this young of death but I am.  \ Do you have a past traumatic experience?
My mom and dad both died from health issues when they were not very old.  \ Sorry to hear that.  I'm positive you'll be smart about your lifestyle choices though
Back in elementary school I got the lead role in a play, "The Selfish Giant" based off Oscar Wilde's short novel...I was really nervous and timid at first...but knocked em dead 2 nights in a row, had parents and teachers crying and applauding it was pretty hilarious \ Some things like that you wont ever forget thats pretty rad 
Yeah you're right about that \ you should do it again just for the heck of it 
I can't believe how big the waves are. Hurricane Chris amped up my summer. \ Did you stay and ride it out? I bet it was quite a thing to see!
Yes, I've been surfing for ever. Only three of us in the water.  \ That must be so much fun. I have never surfed but love to be on a boat. 
You are never to old to start. I'm teaching my mate and he is 70 I think. Hopefully I have a boat soon.' \ Wow I hope I am fit enough at 70 to surf!
I usually hate to ask for help, so when my friends all surprised me by taking turns bringing us meals for 2 weeks after my 4th child was born I was blown away. I was so relieved to have help.  \ Wow, 4 children my first is on the way and I'm freaking out. You must have great friends.  
That is so exciting, congratulations! We moved 17 hours away from family, so having a great group of friends is really important to us.  \ Thank You. That is our next step we are moving from NYC to Miami after the baby. How can we find friends like yours? 
Get involved in something. Church, a social club for interests you are in. I don't recommend parent groups, for some reason they get really nasty. Just find a way to connect with people. Having children is so much harder without a support system! \ I see what you mean about a parents group. I joined a dads group in facebook and it's full of people who complain non stop about  being an adult. 
Hello, I never imagined the violence that can unleash a dog attacking a bird ... I was impressed \ I've never imagined something like that before. Where did you see this?
in a big dog ... in the park \ That's nuts. Did the owner do anything?
I never feel more at peace than laying at my bed in the morning. \ Sometimes I feel the same as you ... but I get up and move on
It's not bad to lay around all day if you want. \ That's right ... I wish I could do that ... disconnect
So the other day I was walking barefoot right? Can you guess what happened next!? \ Did you stub your toe?
I wish... i totally stepped right in a fresh pile of dog...  \ Oh no! That's even worse! Did you puke a little? I would've thrown up!
This woman approached me on Facebook Messenger about how she is seeing my boyfriend behind my back. They work together which is how they know each other. I approached my boyfriend about this but I believe him. \ What did he say? 
That he didn't do anything like that. \ Always good to trust your spouse, but I would be on the fence a bit and have my eye out too. 
I feel mad when I hear about my friend's situation with his 2 daughters.  He's a single dad who works 10 hour shifts 6 days a week and the ex-wife collects the child support cash to pamper her new boyfriend  \ That is pretty bad situation he is in. I feel little mad myself too.
It's ridiculous, and what's worse he's a good sport and jokes about it....but I told him to find a lawyer and tell CPS \ Yeah i would say the same to him too man.
I played Ice Hockey when i was younger and i wasn't that great at first. \ When did you start getting better
My first goal ever after 5 years ended up being in my last season of playing. So it took me long but i am was happy in the end. \ That's pretty cool
My brother has been really sick. I'm taking him to his doctor's appointment tomorrow and hopefully after that I can find something to cheer him up. \ How old is he? I really hope its nothing serious :/ 
18, so he's too young and I'm hoping the same. But if it is, I will be there for him. \ wow that really is TOO young! Lets hope its nothing serious. He will get thru it regardless. 
Guess what tomorrow is?  \ What is it?
VACATION DAYYYYYYYYYY YESSSSSS Can you tell I am ready for it or what?  \ I can tell! Are you doing anything special for it?
I had to go to the doctor recently to get something checked, always makes me worried going there. \ Are you going to be okay
Yes fortunately it wasn't a serious condition in the end. \ I am glad you are okay
I was mad when my brother got in trouble for no reason. My parents punished him for the wrong reasons \ That doesn't seem fair, I  hope they changed their ways eventually.
They did, it was too late though \ That's unfortunate, I wonder if he's forgiven them?
Do you want to know something incredible? My daughter is! \ thats so sweet i bet she is how old is she? 
She's 10 and made it through first through fifth grade with all As on every one of her report cards! \ omg i cant wait to see what that feels like as a parent congrats! 
I am having a day let me tell you.. not in a good way either.  \ Oh no, please tell me what's going on! Can I help?
Not really but maybe just by listening to be complain! LOL - i lost my wallet and my keys in the store today \ That's the worst, I'm sure it was an annoyance!
man, when i moved out of my parents place it was such a happy feeling. \ Nice I can relate.  How old were you when you moved out
I was 20 at the time when i moved out. But all that freedom was just a great feeling. \ That's cool. I was 17 when I first moved out.  Now I'm 26, fully self-employed and hang out with whoever I want to.  But I had to have a lot of faith in myself
Though I've got a long ways to go I'm waking up everyday with gratitude in living life how I want, answering to nobody.  It's pretty awesome \ That is pretty great! I like it when you can wake up and not care about stuff.
Yup got fired from my last job about 5 months ago...but instead of panicking I just buckled down and focused all my energy on making money everyday.  And for the first time paid rent with 100% self-employed profit so pretty happy bout that \ That is pretty awesome! I wish i could do stuff like that.
I was happy when my dad got me a truck. It was a nice surprise \ Did he get it for you for a specific reason or just because?
I was turning 18 and needed it for school \ That's so kind of him! What a dad!
I'm starting my new job soon and I'm looking forward to the better hours and pay. \ I am sure you will love it
I hope so, but hey, even if I don't? I'm not working overnights anymore so I will learn to love it! \ I am sure you will, good luck
I feel bad about myself \ Why do you feel bad about yourself?  I am sure whatever it is can't be that horrible.
I voted on Trump for president and I regret it. \ Even if you feel you voted for the wrong person, you shouldn't worry.  You will be able to vote for a new person in a couple years!
I had a job interview today! I guarantee I will get a call back for the position! \ Good luck! I have faith on you.
Thanks for the well wishes.  I know I have it for sure! \ I am sure you are going to excell
I love the buzz of discovering cash I didn't know I had, either from hard work or just plain good luck...puts me in a good mood every time \ I love that as well!  Nothing better than unexpected cash!  Has this happened to you recently?
Yup :) thought a self-employed check was going to be late...but come Monday morning it was all there, and paid rent for the first time with 100% self-employed profit. \ Awesome!  Congrats to you on that unexpected windfall!
I just moved to a new city for work recently. I don't know anybody here and am just stuck by myself at home. \ I think you should get out and explore.  I'm in a similar situation--moved to South Texas with zero connections/family to jumpstart my business...and I've met some pretty amazing people
Yeah, I guess I should just put myself out there.  I hope I feel better if I finally make some friends. \ You definitely will trust me
hi, i feel so lonely sometimes because all my friends live in a different country \ Oh, I'm sure you are lonely. Maybe you can join some kind of club that lets you meet new friends?
i was thinking about it! I wanted to join a group for local moms \ That's a good idea! This way you can also meet friends for yourself, but also maybe meet new friend's for your children to hang out with while you do with their moms!
I have a friend that has a child that is unruly and does bad things. One day at our home, he grabbed a game and sat on it, instantly breaking it! It was expensive and this really irked me, especially because she doesn't discipline him when he does bad things. \ oh man. i'm all about discipline! I don't like spoiled bratty kids
Me either! I have two of my own children, and I would have never let them get away with that kind of behavior when they were his age. I just don't understand those kind of parents@! \ yes, i've heard some parents don't ever say no to their kids. makes no sense
I was late to work today because my doctor did not see me until well after an hour after my scheduled appointment time. \ That happen to me frequently. Did your manager said anything because you are late?
No I did not.  I will just find a new doctor. \ It can be annoying
My manager keep lying about a promotion that he promised. \ I am sorry to hear that.  How long has he been promising you the promotion?
About six month now. It is making me angry. \ I can imaging.  He sounds pretty spineless and shady.
In school, the kids would always bully me and call me names \ Why did they do tha
I do not know, i was always smarter than the rest so i think they did not like me \ I am sorry that happened to you
I knew I could count on my brother. He was there for me when I was struggling in life \ Family is very important.
Its the most important to me \ The same for me, i try to keep them close.
My daughter is great. \ Why do you think that?
She was just accepted to Harvard. \ What will be her major?
A close friend of mine has to leave the state for work \ Are you happy for him?
Kind of, it's going to be sad since I won't see him again most likely \ But if is a great opportunity for him, you should be happy.
I trust my wife deeply \ Do you? You should trust her, that's what marriage is about!
I was engaged to a woman who cheated on me. \ That's awful, I'm sorry.
We have had so much rain the past few weeks, my house ended up flooding. I lost everything! \ I am really sorry.Do you have house insurance?
I do but we don't have flood insurance so not much is covered. \ Do you have a place to stay for a while?
You ever have those moments when people tell you not to bring certain things? \ Yes...but in what context
Like people told me not to bring a rain tarp for camping. But ends up it started to rain and my tent was fine. \ Nice that's pretty smart...always go with your instincts
Steve Irwin's death was kind of a shock to me since he was like a childhood hero of mine...that guy gave so much to the world, it's such a tragedy \ Yeah....But his daughter is doing pretty well at least almost ending up like him.
I haven't seen or heard too much about her...does she even do half the crazy stuff her dad did? \ Well she is still pretty young and learning to handle animals probably be like her father sooner or later./
Hi friend. I feel very ashamed because I got cheated on. I feel very negative and just depleted of emotion. I trusted them. \ Well, that't not your fault at all. It's your scumbag significant other's fault. You shouldn't feel ashamed for the crummy thing he did - you did nothing wrong.
Thank you I appreciate that. I just held him to such a high standard and he let me down. A lot. \ If he's not meeting your standard then it's time to find a new boyfriend - even if that's the hard thing to do. You shouldn't ever lower your standards.
So, I did a horrible thing last night. I ate 12 buckets of KFC. \ Oh my gosh no, are you feeling okay?
Oh man, afterwards I did not feel okay at all. I felt really guilty I ate so much. \ Are you taking medicine for that? Do you have heartburn or do you feel gluttonous?
I would love to try skydiving. I am so afraid of heigh. \ I would love that too
I need to work on fear first and then I will try it. \ That wont be too hard
I was scared when my dad had a heart attack. I thought he was going to die \ Sorry to hear that. Is he better now?
He is, but it was scary then \ Did the doctors have found what was the issue with his heart?
Recently, my dad gave me some money to buy e-cig liquid for my vape, I am very thankful! \ That's pretty cool. What flavor do you think you are going to get?
Well, I'm thinking something fruity. Maybe berry or watermelon? \ Berry sounds like it would be very tasty.
So, I was putting on my cow poke boots the other day and found a snake in my boot! \ Whoa, did anything bad happen? 
Thankfully not. My trusty dog managed to dispose of it rather quickly. Never been so afraid in my life. \ I'm glad nothing bad happen, snake venom can really mess you up...
I went to a restaurant last week by myself, meanwhile everyone else was sitting with at least one other person. \ How did you feel about that
Well I felt a bit lonely to say the least. \ I know the feeling.  Just broke up with my ex-gf 5 months ago.  But he/she is out there, chin up :)
Aiming to have my first amateur fight this year and my first pro fight by next year at the earliest, fingers crossed \ Wow good luck, I'm a big fan of watching MMA myself.
Thanks! I actually box..quite different but the nerves and adrenaline rushes are the same lol \ Oh oops, my fault for assuming. Definitely an intense experience either way as you said.
I spit in my coffee cup this morning and it had leftover coffee in it too. I can't believe I forgot this and drank it in the afternoon... \ Ugh, I did the same thing today! I'm going to have to start making fresh cups in the morning and afternoon.
That's a good idea, and I'm thinking about getting a spitoon. \ Can't go wrong with a spittoon. And it makes a nice conversation piece when you have visitors over.
I got to work yesterday and my coworkers threw me a party! \ That's awesome! Was it your birthday?
It was! I was so surprised and happy that they remembered it and threw me a party. It was very nice. \ Your friends care a lot of you and that's always a great feeling! I hope you had fun!
I was very afraid in airplane because of severe turbulence. \ Yes airplanes make me feel queasy too. What do you do to cope with it?
I was not able to cope with it. I had a severe panic attack. \ I am sorry to hear that. Flying is never easy, especially when you feel that stressed
It is something that was really important to her, and I still feel bad that I missed her 15th birthday  \ Who is she?
My cousin, she really wanted me to attend her party since she enjoys my cooking and I had planned on making cookies \ That is bad. Did you bought her a good present so she can forget about it?
So, went to the bar last night and woke up missing my underpants. I had no idea what happened to them, \ Oh no, are you okay
Yes, I am okay. I was pretty thankful, since the bartender returned them to me. Apparently, I was so drunk that I was wearing them on my head. \ I hate being that drunk
I felt bad when I lied to my cousin. I mad up an excuse when I missed his wedding \ Dang, that's kinda hurtful. Why did you miss the wedding?
I was hungover and sick \ I've had those days before. I would just take it as a lesson and try to control your drinking next time when important events are in the near future.
I had a very important sales pitch to some clients at work today. \ How did it go?
It went extremely well! I prepared for it the entire night before. We managed to get the clients. \ How long did it take to prepare for?
A friend was able to fix a problem I was having \ That's very nice of the friend. What sort of problem was it?
Computer problem.  It was something I couldn't figure out on my own \ Bah, those newfangled computers. It's nice to have a tech saavy friend.
I went to the park yesterday all by myself, since my friends ditched me. \ Aw, sorry about that! Did you have a pet you could take there with you?
No, I don't have any pets. I was so lonely. Maybe I should think about getting one to take with me. \ Yeah, I have a dog and I take it to the park sometimes. It can help you feel less lonely for sure.
I had a 20 dollar bill in my car and I opened my windows. I couldn't find it so I'm thinking it flew out the window... \ Dang, that's quite a large amount of money to lose. Hopefully it went to someone who needs it.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking. It was in a neighborhood so hopefully some kid found it and can buy something he always wanted. \ That would be nice. Maybe he'll go and buy some candy from the candy store.
Hey man, So i was wondering if you ever felt distrust til you met a friend? \ I try not to have any friends.
Well wasn't until i meet my first friend i knew i could be happy and trust someone. \ I advice not to trust anyone ever. Stay to yourself and be sad my friend.
Well you were the first one i trusted. \ I do not want to be the first one.
I walked in on my parents making a baby. \ Well that isn't really pleasant i bet.
It was a terrible day for me. \ Well hope you didn't have flashbacks of it too often.
I bought 5 lottery tickets today. I am positive for the future because I think I will win \ Best of luck! Have you won in the past?
Yes, so I was thinking maybe I would win again.  \ Wow you're pretty lucky...I can never win those things
I feel protective towards my little cousin, even though I wasn't actively a part of her childhood. \ Are you a mother? It could be a maternal thing/instinct.
Haha nope I'm a 26-year-old man \ Oh, well you could still have protective traits as a male. How old is your cousin?
I felt good and hopeful when my dad helped me get a truck. I just knew he wanted to help \ That's nice of your dad - it's sometimes hard to get a car on your own. What kind of truck is it?
It was a nissan, it was nice \ Nissan's are top of the line. I hope you get a lot of use out of it.
My dog finally learned a new trick after months of training! \ What is the trick
I taught her to roll over! I was so impressed with her! \ That is a good dog then
My dog is getting old and is having trouble walking, it's tough to see. \ Aw, that sucks. Everyone gets old eventually, how old is she/he?
He's 15, he's small though so I think he's handling it better than the bigger dogs. \ That's good to hear, I hope he feels and gets better
I envy people who can eat a lot and not gain weight. It's just not fair. \ I think those people don't actually eat that much, it just seems like it though.
Maybe, but my brother eats a lot, if not more, than me and he barely gains any weight. \ If he's taller/bigger than you it would make sense if he doesn't gain any weight
I bought a huge 500 count bag of totino's pizza rolls last night. I managed to eat them all in one sitting. \ That seems like a lot of pizza rolls, how do you feel?
I felt pretty bad and bloated. I never did that before and I was so ashamed. \ Hey, we all pig out at some point
My poor neighboor is suffeing a lot without her husband \ I suffer a lot too when my wife is gone. What happened to him?
He passed away from cancer. \ Ah, the evil cancer. Took my grandmother as well. I am sure he's off in a better place now.
Just finished studying.  The peace helped me concentrate but now no one is around to celebrate with. \ That's too bad. It's nice to have friends to revel in our victories. Why don't you get yourself a beer and relax on the porch?
That sounds like a wonderful idea, I will do that. \ If you need someone to join in, just let me know!
Yesterday I failed my physics exam. \ I am sorry to hear that.  Any certain areas you think you could have done better on?
Well, I am really terrible understanding forces, but I don't think I studied hard enough. I was pretty disappointed with myself. \ Don't be so hard on yourself.  Most people can't even spell physics.
This morning I woke up to find my 120" flat screen tv gone. \ Oh no what happened
I have no idea. Whoever took it must've been a 10 foot muscular giant. The police haven't found anything yet. \ I am sorry, I hope you find it
I was sad when my mom died. It happened so randomly \ That's so sad to hear! How did she pass? If you don't mind me asking.
It was a random heart attack \ That's terrible, my friend. How are you holding up?
Hi! One time when driving on fresh snow I almost wiped out into a ditch, that scared me \ That does sound scary! Were you okay?
I did end up being okay, but man was I nervous and shaking \ Understandable, it must have been very unexpected!
I really enjoyed taking care of my nephew yesterday. His mother had left him with me since she had work. \ That can be a fun time, it is nice to watch kids sometimes
I agree. We just played xbox and had snacks. I feel he really enjoyed his time. \ I love playing video games, I am sure he really enjoyed that, even I would have!
Hello \ Hello! I am in such a good mood since I got my new home.
Funny - we just built a house where we used to go camping when I was a kid.  \ I have a ton of backyard space that we have plans for. Camping would be a fun one.
That's wonderful. Do you have any plans to have a fire?  \ I want to look in to getting a nice fire pit for the house.
Planning out my new home has turned out to be a blast! \ What kind of house are you building? 
I just moved in so it is already built. Just working on planning out decorating and appliances and such. \ That sounds great. What are you most excited for? 
I was expecting rain today because of the weather channel. Sure enough, it didn't rain. \ I love it when it rains.
Me too, it's so relaxing. I can't stand boring sunny days.. \ Sunny days are very hot and i do not like that.
We went camping one weekend and I packed everything. \ Nice, I usually forget a thing or two. Did you get everything you needed?
I always make sure to get everything needed. \ I assume you were very prepared!
I feel like I can handle myself in a street fight if I've been sparring at least 2 days a week in the gym. \ What techniques have you learned so far though?
I've dabbled in Jiu Jitsu but most of my sparring is boxing/standup \ I think you will do pretty well then in a street fight.
So i lost my game boy when i was a kid \ Go on
Well when i lost it my parents told me i won't be getting another one. Luckily one of my family friends got me a new one as a surprise. \ That's pretty cool.  Grew up with the Gameboy Color and Gameboy Advance myself
I got back from grocery shopping yesterday and I noticed that my wallet was missing. \ Wow, that sucks. Did you try calling the grocery store?
I did, but they didn't have it. Thankfully, my neighbor returned it to me the next morning. Must've left it on my car! \ Your neighbor is a good person. I would have...given it back to you haha.
I saw a piece of dried poop in my closet that I had no clue about. My dog sure is sneaky \ I have a pesky, sneaky little dog like that too! Did you clean it up?
Of course, I picked it up and sprayed some disinfectant in the area. \ That's good. Was she guilty when she saw you cleaning it up?
My dog took a fat ole poop on the carpet yesterday. \ That is disgusting, my dog does that too but in sneaky places. It's always a surprise lol
I was so shocked! She usually doesn't do things like that. I was so disgusted when I had to clean it up. \ Yeah, our dogs need to be punished and maybe trained more.
I invited all of my online friends in Fortnite. None of them joined to my surprise. \ Oh wow. Maybe they were busy doing other things? Did you find anyone else to play with?
I think I played solo by myself but it is what it is. \ Sometimes playing by ourselves is how we get better.
I had to drink and shower in the lake yesterday because I lost my job. \ What kind of job
I was CEO of Google. Now, I am a nobody. The water from the lake was so gross. \ I am sorry that happened
I got happy when I knew I was going to six flags. I could hardly wait \ Six Flags is such a fun park! Are you a fan of roller coasters?
I love riding those \ They are! Cedar Point has some gnarly roller coasters too.
I love every year when I get a vacation and a raise. \ I love that too! Isn't it great!
It truly is, the extra money helps very much. \ What are you planning on doing with your vacation time?
Long time ago on my way to my brother hockey game something bad happened. \ What happened that day?
Well my dad got mad at my brother, honestly i feel he deserved it, but he stopped the car and broke the side window of the car. \ Did any of you get hurt?
My turtle that I had for 30 years ran away yesterday. \ Wow, that's unfortunate. People don't realize that can happen but it happened to my friend when we were little.
Yeah, I think it's just because I'm so fat that I couldn't chase the little runt. He was so much faster than me. I was so disheartened and out of breath. \ Sorry to hear that, recovering from any pet lose is hard.
I enjoyed my day the other day, found out something good! Newphew may come to live with us for ayear. \ Nice! How old is your nephew?
