Definitely, I want to try and ask the professor about it. \ You should.  I ran out of patience for that stuff real fast.
When I went out to my garden yesterday I noticed that bugs had eaten the dandelions in my garden. I was so upset about it that I cried. \ I'm sorry. Did they get them all?
There were a few left but they had devoured most of them. I really liked those flowers! \ Is it to late to plant more?
Hired 4 more people to join my crew at work last week. 2 all ready quit. I'm bummed.  \ Dang, that really stinks. Why did they quit so quickly?
The  work was to physically hard for them. But I still had big hopes for them.  \ Perhaps you should screen new employees better? Like give them a physical performance test?
I went to a restaurant's bathroom today for lunch and it was absolutely disgusting. Looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months. \ Thats sick. Did you report them? They are supposed to have them cleaned several times per day or they can be shut down
I told the manager to take better care of the restrooms on the way out, but yeah, you're right, I should of reported them. \ I would as that is a serious health hazard
I have so much to clean and get ready before summer ends! \ End of summer cleaning, I know that feeling, got to get ready for the school year!
No school year but winter makes it hard to do anything in michigan. It's making me a bit nervous as there is so much to do and so little time! \ Ah, I can imagine, Winter's are brutal there I hear.
My grandpa always said he was a rockstar back in his day, but I never believed him.  \ Why don't you believe him? He made have been quite the big name back in his day.
I don't know if he was famous, but the other day, he got on stage, bit the head off of a bat, then belted the words to Crazy Train. It was unbelievable! \ Wow, that sounds amazing. I wish I could have seen that!
Last week a friend of mine won $2000 on a scratch off ticket. I buy those things all the time and never win squat. \ Wow, that's incredible. What's their secret? 
Right place, right time I guess. Some people are just lucky. \ Congrats to your friend. I hope they share!
I'm always nervous about public speaking \ What do you have to speak on?
I have a presentation for a client, I've been preparing vigorously \ My knees get weak when I try to publicly speak, it's bad.
My friend got such a nice pair of shoes. \ That's nice, what kind of shoes are they? Heels?
They are heelys! \ How fun! I love shoes, I have at least 20 or 30 pairs in the house
I used to do flooring work, we had to deal with some pretty strange situations sometimes.  \ That sounds interesting.  What kinds?
well, one time we had to replace the subfloor where a man had died and his cats had started to eat him. was revolting. \ Oh that's awful!
My niece got sent home from school yesterday with that stomach bug that's going around \ That's unfortunate, hope you don't get it as well!
I know!  I've been pretty worried about her.  She's such a tiny thing. \ I'm sure she will be fine with some rest and a little bit of time. 
I should be receiving a bonus for how well I have been doing at work.  \ Wow, I hope you do get a nice bonus. Sounds like you work pretty hard.
I cant say for if Ill get it, but I wish that I do. \ Well, Ill keep my fingers crossed for you.
I am so excited, my husband got promoted to a Lieutenant in the Navy! \ That is so awesome. Congratulations. Any big plans to celebrate?
I'm going to take him on a mini vacation. He loves playing blackjack so we are gonna celebrate in vegas over the weekend \ That is very exciting. 
My moms full coverage car insurance won't pay for ANY dental work after her car accident. \ Ugh, that is so frustrating!
So she has had to save $500 per tooth to get them pulled and it's over $800 for each NEW tooth. She has medicare too..but it's always useless it pays for almost nothing and no dental care..Seriously this country does not take care of it's seniors. \ That is infuriating. I know how costly healthcare is. Such a shame that we as a country cant do better.
My husband goes away for months at a time due to being in the Military.  \ Oh god..I don't know how you military wives do it. I just can't imagine
It's pretty difficult and very lonely but no matter how bad it gets I've never though about cheating. \ I would be the same. I am a one person kind of gal. I don't do that even when I am single. The worry though must be hard!
My friend got a bouquet from her boyfriend the other day \ That sounds so sweet.  What was the occasion?
It was their anniversary, but they're not married yet haha so I thought it was weird \ I would be jealous of their strong love for one another.
I took the family to the airport today. \ Where are they headed?
Overseas.  I am all alone for two weeks.  Gonna be quiet around here for awhile. \ Some free time to yourself! Maybe you can catch up on some guilty pleasures haha
I'm excited for school to start and for the kids to get out of my hair for at least some of the day! \ lol! I bet, how old are they?
I have 6 year old and an 11 year old.  I'll have the mornings to myself at last! \ Ohhh! Those times are nice. I only have a partner but I know I love my quiet mornings and my morning routine :)
Having this new baby puppy around reminds me of how fragile life is. \ Aw, that's cute, how old is he/she?
Just 2 days old :)  I remember when my other animals who have passed were babies. Circle of life \ Oh wow, that's adorable.  I'm sure its very fragile and cute, wish I could see it!
I'm disappointed with my new tablet I got, it bugs and restarts like every 30 minutes. Might need to take it back. \ That sucks, do you plan on getting a new one?
Yeah, I might just splurge and get the new iPad, I never buy apple products but at least that is reliable.  \ You should, my Ipad has great charge time.
I'm feeling good about my math test. \ That's always a good feeling.  If you don't feel confident going in, you're in trouble!
Exactly, it's a lot of calculus but I think I did well. \ Ahhh, Calculus, I had a pretty hard time with that as well, some how I got a B and to be honest, I don't even know it.
My pet gecko died.  \ Aww, that's sad. I love any and all animals, I'm sorry
I know :(  thanks. \ It can be tough losing a pet, keep your head up
It really bothers me that my son sticks his dirty socks in the toy box \ Is that like the child equivalent of under the bed?
I guess so haha but no matter what I try to keep him from doing it, it still happens \ That's kinda strange. I assume that's something he'll grow out of.  How old is he?
A while back my friend's boyfriend tried to get me to have an intimate relationship with him. He knew I had been married a very long time, as well as he was in a relationship with my friend. I turned him down flat, as I love my husband very much. \ What a creep. I hope that you told on him.
Yes, I let him know that was wrong and disgusting. I couldn't believe he did it! \ Some people are like that. Did you tell your husband?
Customer service sent me two bad vacuums now. \ Are you going to keep them
The second one yes. It works but the stretcher pole thing that is metal doesn't work right. Normally I know this company will simply give a partial refund instead of sending me the part that isn't working right so it is frustrating. \ That does sound very frustrating
I felt pretty good about this past weekend. I had a date I was looking forward to it \ Oh how did it go?
It went pretty well, It was fun \ Oh nice, what was the person like?
I recently had my hip-length hair cut for the first time in years. \ Wow, that took some guts! What made you want to cut it?
It was kind of scraggly on the ends. It took me some time to get used to the new cut, but it looks much thicker and healthier now. \ And just think about how much you're saving on shampoo and conditioner!
My phone went missing. Imagine my surprise when I got a Facebook message "from myself," it was the person who found it saying "I have your phone." \ Wow... that's kind of creepy actually. Were you able to get it back?
I was! The guy was really nice and refused the cash I tried to give him as a reward. \ You're very lucky he was nice and didn't steal any of your data.
I recently took an 8 hour flight and was so pleased that the airline offered free movies to watch via phone/tablet \ What movie did you end up watching?
I really wanted to see this movie called Red Sparrow when it came out a few months back, and I finally got a chance to watch it. Jennifer Lawrence plays the main character. \ Jennifer Lawrence is one of my favorite actors, would you recommend it?
Feeling real good about myself in this new jacket. \ Oh nice! Where did you buy it?
J Crew was the store, also got a new hair cut. \ Sounds like you're looking real sharp :)
My five year old daughter is an extremely picky eater. \ What does she like to eat?
Junk food, mainly. Tonight I'm shocked that we got her to try a piece of pasta salad. \ Well that is step in the right direction at least
I was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, I could not handle that at all \ I'm sorry to hear that. Were you close?
We were close for me being young, it was very upsetting \ At least, bonds that tight mean they will always be a part of you someway. 
I am content with my life right now, everything is going well for the most part \ It is nice to enjoy life 
That is true, it is a nice change of scenery from a few years ago \ I am glad you are happy, its a great feeling to have
I was scared and alone when my aunt died. It was so random \ That is terrible, I am sorry for your loss...
Thank you. I am still not over it, maybe eventually \ I understand that completely
So proud of us, we both made the soccer team! \ What team?
The university team, we're going to try and win nationals. \ Well I wish you the best of luck!
I was very lonely before I met my friends and current girlfriend \ What is her name?
Brittany, she is very sweet \ That's awesome I'm happy for you. What is she like?
I went around work all day today with a hole in my pants, right on my bottom. \ Ahhhh! I've done that before, but I noticed it quick.  Did you not know til the end of the day?
Yep! No one told me. :( I have no idea how many people noticed or saw it.  \ That's embarrassing, ah, I'm sorry.  Just play it off tomorrow at work! 
I'm sad, tomorrow I have to go back to school and I'm going to miss the summer with my old friends. \ Awh, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any friends at school? 
Yeah I do, thankfully, but not as close as my old friends from high school. \ Well, hopefully y'all will still be able to keep in touch.
When I was younger I had been trying to get pregnant for a long time, but wasn't having luck. Suddenly my husband and I found out we were going to have a baby. We were so happy.  \ You must be so proud, when did you find out?
This was back before my first child, about 12 years ago. I am now a mother of five! \ Wow amazing! Do you enjoy motherhood?
I didn't mean too but I broke my moms vase. \ Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Did you tell her?
I told her but I'm ashamed, we were just playing. \ Mistakes happen. I'm sure everyone has broken something that belongs to someone else at some point in their lives!
So sad that my dog passed away. \ Awe.. I'm sorry.   I know how you must feel. I've got a dog myself.
He had a long battle with cancer, it was rough. \ Attleast the suffering is over.
You're right but I'll miss him jumping on me. \ Are you going to get another doggo?
I am I believe, once my moms ready, she is very sad. \ Time heals all wounds.
I got a call about about an application I put in for a new job today. \ How did it go?
I think the call went pretty well.  We setup an interview next week. \ What is the job?
IT analyst \ You must be excited, what kind of work will you do?
I am going sky diving this weekend! I am super pumped, but a little nervous because I have to put a lot of faith in the sky diving instructor. \ That is for sure, but that should be cool, how much does it cost?
It is only $175, but I am hoping that is enough to make the instructor extra careful! \ That is not too bad I would do it for that
I was alone before meeting my girlfriend and friend group \ That must have been quite lonely.  How are you doing now?
I am doing a lot better, could be better, could be a lot worse \ That is good.  Hopefully things keep getting better in the future.
I setup a job interview for next week. I think i'm going to get the job. \ Congratulations! I hope you do, it's always nerve-racking when it comes to the interview and whether or not your get it.
Thanks. I think i'll get it.  The call went really well. \ You got this! I have faith, and sending positive vibes your way!
I'm afraid of my new apartment complex, a lot of sketchy people out at all hours of the day. \ Why did you move into  that apartment complex then?
I was low on money, and it's the best I could afford at the time, but at least it's only a 6 months lease. \ Yikes. Just don't go wantering around at night and keep your doors locke.d
This weekend, a guy totally drunk has hit very badly my car. \ Are you saying that a drunk guy hit your car, and that it is very bad? If so, that really sucks and I am sorry. Did he have insurance?
I don't know. He didn't want to exchange insurance information and he didn't want to fill the papers for the insurance. He left. I had to call the police. \ Were the police able to help? That sounds like a big mess!
My husband and I have been house hunting for a few months now. \ Did you find anything interesting?
Yep! We finally found one that we love and put in an offer. Wish us luck! \ Good luck. When are they supposed to reply?
I paid $1000 for one of those mystery boxes on eBay. It said it would be filled with all sorts of fun and expensive items. \ Please tell me it was not full of Oriental Trading Company rubber ducks and cheap tchotchkes.
I would've happily taken that! Instead, it was filled with literal garbage, like a bunch of those empty 99 Bananas bottles and candy wrappers. \ Oh man! I feel bad for laughing but "literal garbage" is pretty funny. That sucks, can you report them to eBay?
I just got some new neighbors. I'm kinda nosy so I asked if I could take a look at how they decorated, just out of curiosity. \ Did you bring them a pan of ludefisk first? What did they say?
Nah, although I did consider brownies. They were happy to meet me so it was all good. But man I couldn't believe how nice their place looked compared to mine! I am a little jealous of their interior decorating skills. \ Next time they let you in, just steal all your favorite pieces of decor and replace them with brownies.
I had my final exam for Chemistry today! \ How did you do?
I'm pretty sure I Aced it! I've been studying for weeks. \ That's good. I was never good at chemistry
I ve been at my new job for weeks \ Oh wow thats great, how do you like it so far?
I don't. Thats the problem/ I don't think its the right fit for me. \ Gosh, that's too bad! Maybe continue to work there but looks apply for new jobs. Good Luck!
I had to go to the doctor's for my annual check-up, I always think they're going to find something wrong. \ What might be wrong?
Well I guess they might say my blood pressure is too high or something, I don't know really. \ I hope everything comes back clean for you?
I think the Eagles can win the superbowl again this year, they are looking really good \ I'm not too familiar with football, who is their star player?
Carson Wentz, but they are great all around \ Interesting, maybe I'll check them out this season
I am going to be happy all week. I have family coming into town \ Who is coming?
My aunts and uncles \ Oh, well that should be a lot of fun!
I am happy with my life right now, everything is going well for the most par \ What are you happy about
I guess my relationships, my school, all that stuff \ Those are all important things in life
I knew I was going to pass my drivers test for work. I studied hard for it \ It sounds like you were very prepared!! Good job!
Thank you, I tried hard \ Yes you did, it will definitely pay off!
The bonus for everyone at my company was last week, and you have to have been with the company for over 90 days to get it. My friend was at 94 days and I was at 88 days. It really stinks, I have to wait another year.  \ I guess it can be a learning experience
Ha maybe to be a good sport but I still feel its not fair.  \ No its not fair at all
it was suprising when i got approved for the week off \ The whole week?
yea vacation \ Cool. Are you gona go anywhere special...
I finally get to have a night alone \ thats cool.
I am going to enjoy some wine and a movie \ that sounds like a good plan
My cat ignores me sometimes and just stares into the distance \ Cats can be odd creatures
Yeah, but they have some good moments too \ They do. I have one and he is a great companion
I have faith its going to be a good week. The weather will at least be nice \ Yeah, summer is a great season, have you been on vacation at all?
I am about to go here soon. \ That's great! I went on a nice trip too
My neighbor brought me dinner tonight \ Oh, that was very nice
yes, it was. \ I like to do that for people when they don't expect it or when they need it most
It can be rough when I have a problem and need to vent to someone \ I understand, anything you need to talk about?
You are sweet because part of the problem is when I realize there really is no one to talk to. Thank you \ Buck up little camper.
I am thinking the Eagles can repeat this year, I hope so! \ Careful. Lightning never strikes twice.
I am hoping this is an exception \ In any case, good luck!
Tomorrow the last of my children FINALLY start school. Time to relax! \ That is awesome, enjoy the peace and quiet!
Thank you! I've been looking forward to this day for sooo long... phew! \ I am sure you have haha
My friend got drunk over the weekend and I had to take care of him. It was pretty irritating \ How drunk was he?
He was just slurring words and saying dumb things \ Oh, yeah I get it though, you do not get paid to babysit
I feel guilty about breaking our television \ Was it an accident
It was, but it was a nice tv in any event, so I feel bad \ It was just an accident. There will always be another tv
I'm looking forward to the Fall weather. \ Me too! This heat is unbearable! What is your favorite thing about fall?
The cool breezes, and the falling leaves. \ I cannot wait to sit on the porch with hot chocolate with the cool breeze coming through! Just a few more months!
My kid was signing The Spice Girls a few years ago. She thought she had discovered a new band! She asked if I had ever heard of them before. \ Yeah, they are cute like that. How old is she ?
She almost 11 now. She loves to listen to all of the bands from when I was younger. It's really cute. \ I have a 10 year old like that.
My brother surprised me last week with a nice present. I loved it \ what was it
It was a really nice cigar cutter \ oh thats cool
i was crushed when i saw my dog had gotten loose \ Oh no, did you get it back
nope he is gone. \ Oh no, I am sorry. Maybe he will come back
I was pretty mad last week when my apartment was not sprayed like it was supposed to. Now I have bigs \ Did you have someone come in to spray it? You can ask for a refund maybe
No, I am going to hire someone myself \ Oh that's a good idea. What kind of bugs do you have?
My coworker got the promotion I wanted \ I have been there. It can be irritating
Yeah I was really disappointed, it came with a raise too \ Maybe you will get it next year
I have a first state with a girl I don't know on friday. I haven't been on a date in a while.  \ check out some vids on youtube. im sure you will be fine!
We'll it's really hard because the last date I was one was with my ex-wife.  \ oh yea i can understand that
i was thankful that i got the weekend off \ That most have been really nice. What did you do?
i went to vegas and gave a lot of money away to the casinos \ That sounds like it was a really good time!
I've been working hard to better things for my family. \ Good for you!  I know that can be difficult, but it will pay off in the end
Yes, it will. I'm going to make sure of that. \ That's really something to be proud of.  Keep it up!
I just found out I was accepted into medical school!  I have been working hard for this chance to become a surgeon \ Congratulations. What a wonderful achievement. If I could do it all over again, this is what I'd want to do too.
Thank you!  I'm so excited just to have the opportunity to go \ Don't look back. Go forth, and be brave.
I found some old pictures from when I was a kid. \ what did you do with them?
Looked through them and reminisced.  \ ah thats always nice to do every once in a while.
i was pissed when i saw my door had been hit \ Some jerk ding your car in the parking lot?
yes they did.  \ ... and i bet they didn't even leave a note or anything.
I was pretty happy over the weekend I got to smoke a cigar and read some comics \ It sounds like you had a really good time!
It was nice and peaceful for sure \ It's always a good place to be when you are content.
I hired a tree guy to trim some really high branches. He monkeyed up that tree super fast! It was amazing to watch! \ Those guys and girls tend to work hard
They were quite skillfull, thats for sure! \ Its nice to find good work out there
i have lost over 30 pounds in the last year \ Thats great! How did you do it?
just walking. not drinking soda. eating fresh fruits and veggies from the farmer's market \ Soda definitely can make you pack on some pounds! Keep up the healthy lifestyle!
My daughter practiced her gymnastics every day all summer. We just found out that she made the team! \ that's amazing. watching your children succeed is so rewarding
It is! I cannot wait to see what's in store for her future! Maybe a scholarship! \ that is awesome. i hope she has very much success in her gymnastic endevours.
thank you! \ you are very welcome. good luck!
We are supposed to do the amusement park, tomorrow but I think it may rain. \ I hope it's nice for you. Do you have any alternate plans?
We do, but I think my friends want to do the amusement park as well as something else. I don't know if I have money for both. \ Well, that's always a problem for me too, but at least you've got another $1.25 now.
I ate some bad meat this morning. It made me really sick \ I hope your okay! Do you think you have food poising?
I think the meat might have expired, which was my fault \ Oh I see, make sure to look at expriatian date next time :)
I've been training a new girl at work this week! \ How is she doing
She's doing great, especially for her second week on the job! \ I am happy for you and her
My dog died 6 months ago \ I'm so sorry to hear that, it's always tough to lose a pet. 
Yeah and what made it worse is that I just found out about it. My parents are jerks. \ Oh wow, that must be tough. I'd like to think they were having trouble dealing with it themselves and that's why they didn't tell you right away.
My grandma threw away my high school yearbooks. \ That's awful! I hope that she didn't mean too!
I don't think she realized what they were. I was pretty irritated as they can't be replaced but what can you do? \ Yeah, It really sounds like she didn't mean to. Sometimes you can find copies online if you look. 
I am going to be happy next week thinking about a trip I am going on. We are going to asheville. \ What is in Asheville?
A lot of cool breweries \ Oh that sounds very fun.
I had cereal for breakfast this morning.  \ What kind of cereal was it
It was a brand new box of Rice crispies. When I opened it and poured it in my bowl, there were several live bugs. \ Well that sounds disgusting
A couple months ago my 60 inch element LED HDTV randomly got white lines all over it while my fiance was at work. I didn't do anything to it at all, it just glitched up by itself and got worse as the night went on. I don't think it can be fixed.  \ That is horrible.  Is it still under warranty or anything like that?
Its just over 2 years old and I called Element and they said nope, but we can send someone to come look at it for $99. I hate when manufacturers dont stand behind their $800 products, you know? \ That is a rip off honestly!  I don't think I'd buy that brand again.
I have to have some medical tests done and I'd like to get them over with as soon as possible. \ I can imagine you do. Do you have a needle fear? Even if you dont they still hurt
No, not really, but what's bugging me most is the place that has to schedule them cannot get me in until September!  I want to get this all done and over with and this is just drawing it out - makes me very nervous. \ Oh wow I would be mad. Is there any other provider who could get you in faster? 
I flew for the first in a long time a few months ago. I was scared just a bit beforehand \ Congratulations on working up the nerve to fly! Did you enjoy the flight?
It was fine after awhile. I cannot wait to do it again \ That's awesome! It's always nice to overcome a fear!
I cannot wait until tomorrow! I'm going to my favorite amusement park! \  Are you going to ride roller coasters
Yes!!! The roller coasters are my favorite part!  \ I do agree with you
i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car dooe \ Oh that's awful. Did it happen in a parking lot maybe?
yea it did, and i dont know who did it \ That's the worst and it has happened to me before too. Hopefully it's not too big of a dent.
I was kinda shocked the other night to run into my boss while I was out at a bar.  \ did you all have some drinks together
No just said hello. Was kind of awkward. We've never hung out outside of work before. \ thats cool
i really enjoy spending time with my husband \ That's really great that you have an amazing partner like him!
i have really been lucky in our relationship. \ That's great! I hope you two have a great life.
I had an awesome dog named rusty as a kid. He was such a good dog.  \ what kind of dog whas Rusty?
He was an Australian shepheard. We used him to herd our sheep.  \ that is awesome. we all deserve to have an amazing dog as a kid
Yeah he really was a great do and I miss him alot \ i'm sorry he is no longer with you but at least you have great memories of him
My birthday was last week and I thought everyone forgot about it. \ did you get a suprise party?
Yes! They had actually been planning a huge party all behind my back. It was great! \ oh yea thats always nice.
i was sad when i had to miss my sons game \ I bet you were, but I am sure you had a good reason.
yea they wouldnt let me out of work on time \ That's too bad. I am sure your son understood though.
I don't know if you are like us, but we have printed photos in a big tub that desperately need to be sorted.  So I tried to do that today but I didn't get very far. \ I have the same tub sitting in the attic. I have no idea what to do with all the photos! Are you creating collages or albums?
I'm honestly thinking of just scanning them all into the computer.  But it's going to take some work, especially since all I did today was cry at just about every photo of our girls when they were little. \ awwww I would probably cry too! Scanning them seems like it would take forever. Maybe see if there is a company you can send them to and they'll do it for you.
We've had our dog for over 8 years. He past away this spring. \ I'm so so sorry!  We lost our chihuahua in February, so I completely understand that feeling.  Was he sick prior to passing away or was it sudden?
It was sudden. He was completely fine when we went to bed. No issues at all. Its been hard for our daughter \ I think it might actually be harder to watch our kids go through that kind of loss than to actually go through it ourselves.  Our pup was our daughter's dog and she was sick prior to passing, so we knew it was coming.  Still doesn't really help though.  We ended up adopting a pup from the shelter that had lost her human mom - it was meant to me - my daughter lost her pup and this pup had lost her mom.  It's helped, something to think about at least.
I wish it was Fall already. \ too hot outside?
Yes, and Fall is my favorite time of year. \ yea yes that is a nice time of the year
it was suprising when i was able to get a cheap flight to Orlando \ Where were you coming from?...and how cheap was it?
san antonio, $49  \ That's a steal.
I heard a loud bang outside my house last night, I thought someone was trying to break in. \ what was it ? lightening perhaps
It turns out a bird flew into my window and died, pretty bizzare. \ you must have some crystal clear windows 
im exhausted from work , they gave me such a giant work loud , i was surprised at myself for even finishing  \ That's tough, is there anyone else there that can help you?
they dont trust anyone there building the furniture so after i build it , i have to carry it up ladders and place it on racks on the wall  \ Wow that sounds really physically demanding, you must be quite strong.
A fly landed in my drink while I was grilling some chicken for dinner outside. \ Oh yuck! I hate flies. 
I know. Ruined the whole drink. :( \ Haha what was the drink? 
Yesterday I was preparing to paint my bedroom furniture and I unearthed so many dust bunnies from under my bed! \ It's never too late for some late summer cleaning!
Yes I should have done this a long time ago!  \ Sounds like it.  Are you going to sleep better tonight knowing its clean?
Haha I think so!  \ Good to hear :)
I have free time today to play some video games \ I love to play videogames. What did you play?
League of Legends. it's a popular game I can play with my friends \ That is a very good game
I think about the past this time of the year. It makes me miss my parents \ How come? Do you not live with them anymore?
No they passed away a few years ago \ Oh I'm so sorry to hear that.
I made twice what I usually make at my second job this week! \ Wow that's awesome! Any special reason why?
I'm not sure, I'm not complaining though! It was my best week ever! \ Congratulations on that! It's a great feeling for sure.
I have a health checking coming up this next week and am a bit antsy about it. \ I hope everything goes well but I'm sure it will. Don't worry.
Thanks! I know it's kind of silly to worry, but I worry about things too much I guess. \ Well stress will cause more health problems, just keep that in mind when you start to worry.
i have a doctor's appointment on thursday \ I hope it goes well, are you sick?
yes. i'm having some health issues that have me worried \ Oh wow, hopefully you can get some answers to ease your mind.
I've already been shopping for christmas, I'm excited! \ i can't believe christmas is in 4 months it's crazy
I know, it's my favourite time of year! Makes me happy :) \ mine is the fall. halloween, thanksgiving....what's not to love.
The end of an era! My messiest children, tomorrow, finally... start school. \ oh yea sounds like a great time of the year
I think it will be! Now just to figure out what to do with all the free time. \ go play bingo!
i was scared walking home alone the other night \ Oh no, what happened?
there was someone walking behind me the entire way \ That is definitely scary. What happened next?
This time of year makes me miss being a kid. And hanging out with my parents \ That's funny, I was thinking almost the same thing.
Yeah, memories are sometimes all we have \ It's a shame that the present never seems capable of competing with the past.
This time of year always makes me reminisce. \ What do you think about
Simpler times, riding bikes, seeing all of my old friends. \ Those are nice memories
I bought my daughter her first cell phone. It's a lot of responsibility for her. I hope she is ready for it. \ I am sure she will be smart with it
I hope so. She has done well with tablets so I'm hoping she'll do the same with a phone \ You can always show her the ways
4 \ That's how many cups of coffee I had this morning! Did you have coffee too?
Ha, sorry about that. I meant to say I am looking forward to next month. I am excited about the NFL \ Oh, yeah that does start next month! I guess I know what my husband will be doing on Sundays hahaha
I found a skinny little stray cat outside the pizza place yesterday so now we have a new cat lol \ What breed is it?
I'm not sure but it's gray and black and brown mixed and really cute and loving. I need to fatten her up some. \ Sounds like a plan, I hope she is around for years to come
I'm sure she will be. She's still wary of my dogs but they're just excited to have a new friend to play with. I caught them cuddling on the couch last night. \ That is precious, animals are something special, that is for sure
I am excited for the next football season, the Eagles could repeat, who knows \ Are you a big Eagles fan?
I am excited for the next football season, the Eagles could repeat, who knows \ Are you a big Eagles fan?
I've started working with a lathe and I made this wooden cup with it. That doesn't sound like much but using a lathe is so hard! So everything I drink out of it tastes that much better, haha. \ What is a lathe, I am not familiar with it
Do you know how you spin clay on a pottery wheel to make rounded shapes? A lathe is sort of the opposite, it rotates a piece of wood and you use instruments to shave or carve out pieces of it. You know those rounded parts of bedstands? That'd be the kind of thing you might use a lathe to make. Or baseball bats, ect. \ Oh okay, that is interesting, I will need to look into that, sounds awesome to me!
I feel like the Eagles can win the Superbowl this year, I am not sure though \ Are you a big eagles fan?
I am a diehard fan, such a huge fan, not even healthy \ Haha! I lived in Alabama until recently so professional football is something I'm distant from.
I had car trouble over the weekend. It was so irritating \ There's nothing worse! What was wrong with it?
It would not start actually \ Did you take it to a shop?
I am going to tomorrow \ Did you have to miss work?
Last week I was in a hotel room and I went to take a shower and there was hair in the drain and I gagged. \ Oh no, that does sound so gross
I can't stand hair in the shower. It's the ultimate pet peeve. \ Yeah it needs to be clean in there for sure
I love the lego movies! \ I've never seen them. What do you love about them?
They funny and kid friendly. I really like laughing with my kids. \ Hmm I may have to check them out then! 
I accidentally knocked over a little kid coming out of the store the other day. \ Were they okay?
Yeah thankfully he was totally fine. But I felt so bad. \ At least you're not getting sued
Oh man, that would be terrible. Way to look on the bright side! \ Im good at that lol
I'm going skydiving this weekend. My stomach all ready hurts with fear. \ Don't worry you'll be fine.  It's safe.
This is my 3rd time and I'm still scared \ I'm surprised you haven't started to relax a little yet.
My roomate finally graudated with an engineering degree. \ Wow, congrats to them. Are you worried you will loose your roommate? 
I'm not worried. I'm ready to live on my own. \ Can you afford it?
Yesterday my brother saw the person that robbed his home, was tried to kick down the door and pull out the  crackhead from his house , cops were looking for my brother all night  \ That sound like it was a bit rash.
well the crackhead stole all his things , and tore down his walls for fun , stole his daughters tv , i felt my brother could have handled it differently too \ Yeah, but now they're looking for him instead of the real crook.
I hope that my children have better lives than I have had. \ i dont have kids , but i feel the same way u do if i had kids that is
Everything I do is for them. \ thats the way it should be , they are the future
I was pretty alone last night. I guess everyone I knew was busy \ did you enjoy it?
I guess I felt more neutral than anything \ ah well at least you didnt feel lonely
i was pissed when i saw my gate left open \ Was anything missing?
yea my dogs \ Oh no, are they okay
We moved into a 200 year old house. There are creeks and cracks that creep me out! \ I can only imagine. At least its nice in the day time though?
Sometimes. I try to avoid that attic during any time of the day! There's also a weird door about knee-height. When you open it up, it's just big enough to fit a storage tub. \ I am not sure I would do well in that house
I did not make it to church yesterday. I still feel bad about it \ It's okay. There's always Wednesday service or online sermons you can watch.
Yeah, that is a good point \ I wouldn't feel so bad about missing one day!
I watched a scary movie with my boyfriend.  \ i don't know if i could make it thru a scary movie. it gets me too scared.
Ever since then I have not been able to sleep. \ i can't imagine even trying to deal. you are braver than i am for sure.
i have a doctor's appointment today and another on thursday. it's really working my nerves \ I hope everything goes well for you.
i hope so too. the whole thing has got me unnerved. \ Good luck and try to think about something else before then.
I am watching "i am a killer" on netflix \ I have seen the previews. Is it good?
Its crazy to hear people talked so casually about murder. I cant stop watching though \ Murder can be interesting I guess
I was surprised by the weather this morning. I was not expecting sunny \ What were you expecting?
A little rain or bad weather \ it almost rained on me when I was walking home today.
I was alone a lot as a child. \ That's unfortunate.  You must have been lonely.  Has your situation improved since then?
Not really. At least not in that way. I've got my own family now, but the last time I saw a friend was over 20 years ago. \ Wow.. that's... sad.
I left my wallet in my office today \ Can you go back and get it ?
Yes but, that's like a 20 min drive each way. \ Might be worth it, rather than someone else picking it up.
I just noticed someone backed into my car in my parking lot! \ WHAT, did you catch them?
No! They didn't even leave a note saying they were sorry! \ damn you should have hunted them down
i was mad when someone hit my car. i think you backed up into mine. \ It might have been the same person! We should stake out in the bushes out there and see who it was!
sounds like a plan \ We'll get Taco Bell and eat tacos all night and when we catch them we'll make them watch us eat the tacos and not share with them. 
Hello! I recently read an article about medical marijuana now being allowed in the united kingdom, What do you think about it? \ I think that is wonderful, it's about time more countries and states are making this medicine an option.
the way it ended up being legalized, IMO, was a complete disgrace, they confiscated some childs weed who was epileptic, and as a result - predictably - he immediately started having seizured without it. Like gee, well done on torturing the kid! Do you think it was right to confiscate it, even though it technically wasnt legal at the time? \ No, but as Mark Twain once said, the law is an ass. 
what an excellent quote  \ I'm glad they made the right decision eventually though. It's about time!
After my mom passed away I found all our old cassette tapes in her storage, listening to those was pretty cool. \ Bet that brought back good memories.
Definitely, brought me right back to the road trips we took when I was younger. \ Where did you guys usually go?
So happy my friends threw me a surprise party. \ Oh nice! What was the occasion?
My birthday is today actually. \ Happy birthday! Did you have fun at your party?
i was pissed when i was told i couldnt leave work on time \ What did you do?
i                                                                     quit! \ Oh wow, do you have a backup job lined up?
My brother is getting married. It makes me happy for him \ thats awesome
Yeah I hope this is the one that sticks \ 3rd time the charm?
i dont know how my friends out here cheating on there girls , i never cheat on mine its happened to me in the past and it hurt \ Some people know they can do better so they shop around I guess.
i dont see it that way , but everyone has there own views  \ I guess. Or it could be they are ready to move on but need to know someone else will be interested in them.
I've spent all day getting my kit ready for the next competition this weekend. I'm exhausted. \ whats the competition on ?
Highland games. I throw the caber and heavy hammer. \ Nice hope you win , ill be looking into this further 
I was sitting at work the other day last week and suddenly a giant cockroach ran across the floor! \ I would have screamed!
Yeah it was really gross. I was just in shock. \ When a cockroach comes in my house, the neighborhood knows it.
I get lonely when my kids are at school sometimes. \ Oh yeah I can see how it could be lonely. It's so quiet when they are gone.
I mean I enjoy the peace sometimes, but after an hour or so, it just feels off. \ Yeah it is like an imbalance in the house somehow.
That was scary! \ What happened?
I went to a haunted house, it had so many ghosts. \ I don't do haunted houses lol
It was really crazy, there was a chainsaw guy too. \ I would have dies
My daughter received a scholarship for 8th grade at a local private school. \ Are you proud of her?
I am. It was like applying to college and she did it. I wouldnt have been able to afford it otherwise \ What is she most talented at in school?
I was just at the casino, spent almost 100 dollars on a single machine. I didn't will anything. \ well the casino won! did you at least get some free drinks?
Haha, yeah I got a little sauced. The worst part though was as soon as I got up, someone sat down and  rolled triple 7s. \ hah.. at least you had fun it sounds like
i was upset when i was told i couldnt leave work on time \ Never fun when someone tried to change your schedule. Life's unfair sometimes.
yea it sucks  \ Well hopefully you were able to get some overtime pay.
I love when Fall starts coming in. \ I hate it. I want it to be 100 and humid all the time. I thrive in the heat
Well, we're different then. Guess we've got nothing to talk about and you should disconnect. \ Disconnect from what? Did you have a bad day?
I'm so angry at my self. I was in my performance review today and I passed wind in front of my boss. OMG  \ I wonder how that was noted on your report.
I got a raise so not that bad but it was still off putting. I've heard her rip one in the past so I guess no judgement.  \ Sounds like a wacky place to work.
I am looking forward to the end of the month. I am happy about football officially starting \ Nice, how much do you bench?
I am not sure, I don't really bench a lot \ I see,  how many years have you been playing football/what kind of goals do you have?
I used to get supremely scared when I wanted to go up stairs when the lights were off \ I do hate when the lights are off too
Yeah, so I would book it up the stairs as fast as possible \ I am sure I would too. Just be careful
i was happy to see my package arrived in the mail \ What did you get in the mail?
a russian tortoise \ That's so cool, what is his name?
My stepdad got me a dog! \ whats the dogs name ? what kind is it
It's a big husky we haven't named her yet but we like her. \ oh those are nice loyal dogs.
I am upset that my partner has put me through so much..and now going through more while he is away and trying to get treatment. \ What are they getting treatment for
Therapy in general for lots of problems from their past abuse.  In one sense I miss him..in the other..I am not sure I could ever be around him again." \ I hope you guys get through it
Me too \ Just say some prayers and be positive
I watched a trainer at my gym help a person. He knew what he was doing which was nice \ What did they help them with, just how to do certain moves?
Just certain movies and techniques \ Yes, some are really good at helping others lose weight and feel good
So I came home from work yesterday and when I walked in the apartment Sally had all my friends and family inside. \ surprise party or intervention
It was a surprise party I turned 25. I honestly thought they all had forgotten. \ How sweet! I hope someone throws me one one day.
MY daughter started a new school last year. \ That is exciting and scary all at the same time
I was more afraid than she was. It was a big transistion. All girls and she is 13. \ I could understand that, Does she know anyone at her new school?
My friend gave me his old computer because mine broke. That was so nice of him considering I cant afford one right now. \ That is very kind. Now many people like that.
I know I couldnt believe it. I am so thankful.  \ You will have to return the favor sometime. 
I got a raise today. I've pushed my self hard this last year and I deserve it. \ That is awesome. Congratulations. Im sure you earned every penny.
Thanks it's been a rough year. My hours were cut but I was expected to keep up the same work load. Thanks again! \ Good things happen to people who put in the effort. It sounds well deserved.
I just got matched up with someone online. It will be my first date in a while. \ I am happy for you. Are you excited?
Yeah, I'm really hoping to make a good impression. Other wise that would feel pretty bad. \ I bet you will be fine. Just be yourself
I was surprised this morning when I woke up before my alarm. \ Do you usually sleep in? I heard it's better to wake up naturally.
I usually just rely on the alarm \ Well maybe you will be able to start a new habit of waking up without it.
Ever go back and watch old movies? \ I sure do! What are some of your favorites?
I was watching old disney movies, made me nostalgic. \ Oh yeah those will do that. I still have like 40 of them on VCR or video cassette, whatever those things were called. i doubt I would be able to find one these days that would actually play them@
Someone asked me how me and my fiance met the other day and it had been awhile since I had even thought about it because it was over 8 years ago. While I was telling them about it I got that feeling you get when your remembering something, almost like adrenaline but in a calm way. I dont get that kind of feeling much anymore so it was odd when I did. \ How did you guys end up meeting?
First day of my Junior year in High School. He wouldn't talk in person so I thought he was really weird or really rude, but he would text me for hours at night? It made so sense lol \ That makes sense, when did you first meet up in person?
I was pretty happy yesterday. I was going to see a movie I had wanted to see \ what did you see?
The new mission impossible \ i hear that movie is great
i am hoping to win the lottery this week \ That would be a dream
yea it would be cool. i would move to hawaii  \ That is a place I have always wanted to go to
i felt so sad for my brother , when he came home bloody after he got jumped  \ What happened to him ?
3 people saw him walking , and started hitting him for no reason \ Was he in a dangerous area ?
I'm fairly happy where my life is right now. At least it's headed in the right direction. \ thats great to hear, im happy for you and your accomplishements 
It's hard and long work, but at least I'm making it. \ hope your future is bright 
Just made the team at my local school, I'm happy. \ That's great! Good for you!
Thank you! It's baseball and I worked hard, \ That must feel really good. I bet your parents are proud!
I have the best wife ever.  \ Why is that?
She is just so loving and supporting \ What is her name, you seem so lucky.
I have to give a big speech tomorrow in class. \ Oh that's always tough, are you nervous?
Yes and I don't want to go. \ I can understand, if you try to think positively it might help
I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released. \ When will it be released? I have not heard of that one.
I believe it's coming out in December, it's called Smash Ultimate. \ I am sure you will have a lot of fun when it comes out.
Tomorrow is the big day, I have to deliver my proposal to the client. \ Are you ready for it?
I have been preparing for weeks, but in the back of my mind I still have doubts. \ I am sure you will do well
I am getting more mad at my landlord. They are not doing what they promise to do \ Have you checked your lease agreement, they may be required by law to follow through.
I need to do that tomorrow \ Yeah, I would show up at the office and show them exactly where they promised to take care of you. That should work.
For the last few nights I've heard weird sounds outside my bedroom window. \ Oh no! Do you think it's a wild animal?
I don't think so, it doesn't sound like any animal I recognize. It's really creepy. \ I hope it's not a crazy person or worse, an alien waiting to abduct you!
I was wanting meatloaf for dinner all day long and couldn't wait to get home to start cooking it \ I'm sorry but I'm so not a fan of meatloaf. Do you have a good recipe?
My kids aren't a fan either, they wanted chicken nuggets so I had to make that. I do have a good meatloaf recipe though with bbq sauce. \ Hmm that might actually be good, I think it's the ketchup that I don't like about meatloaf. Bon appetit!
i was scared to walk home yesterday \ Why were you scared?
cause someone was following me \ Did you sneak away from them?
My sister is a hooligan I swear. \ who did she beat down?
She plays pranks on me constantly is the issue. \ oh, lay the smack down     
My husband aggravates me when he leaves his clothes all over the floor! \ yeah that's a bad habit. I don't like it either.
It's lazy! No matter how much I tell him he still does it. \ lol, he is just like my brother. You should ignore him, just like I ignore my borther
I participated in local city half marathon yesterday \ That's impressive, how did you do?
I won! I feel very pleased with myself! \ I don't think I could do it.
I told my daughter she wasn't allowed to watch Youtube because it's hard to monitor. I caught her sneaking and watching videos last night! \ Its so hard to monitor that stuff now
It is! There's also a ton of weird stuff on there that's labeled for kids. \ Yeah, that is a scary thing to think about too
This time of the year makes me think of the past. I think about football and my parents \ I keep forgetting that football season is right around the corner. Did you play when you were younger?
A little bit, it was mostly just watching games with them I remember \ Spending time with your parents and watching games can create great memories! 
I was irritated last week. My landlord seemed to avoid me \ Really? Why is that?
They are not good at their jobs I guess \ Wow... I kinda hope they get fired. Why did you need to talk to the landlord?
My wife has really good job, but she makes more money than me. \ Are you okay with that
No I'm really envious of her. I make next to nothing.  \ Have you talked to her about it
My boyfriend's cat wakes me up every morning at 4 AM. \ That must be annoying for you, but I love cats.
I love him, too, a lot. But I don't know why he just stands in the hallway and meows nonstop, even when he's been fed. \ What is his name?
I got such a bad mark on my latest test. \ Awh, I'm sorry. What happened?
I didn't study as hard as I should have, I regret it. \ Well at least you know what to do next time. I'm sure you'll rock it then!
Going to church yesterday really made me feel better. I am looking forward to this week now \ What church do you go to?
Its a baptist church down the road \ I haven't been lately, did you do a confession?
Can't believe my brother got that hat! \ What hate did he get
A new york yankees one. \ Oh I do not like them
I nailed a sales meeting last week. I just knew what to expect \ That's awesome that you were so prepared!
I am glad too \ I hope that you get rewarded for you hard work!
I cleaned out my basement and found that some mice had made a home in some boxes \ Oh no, those are so gross
Yeah and they had pooped all over the boxes too. So gross! \ That is never a good thing
i shouildnt have trusted my brother with my dog \ What did he do?
he left the gate open and my dog ran away \ That's so awful, what is your dogs name?
My brother is a big of a hot head. \ oh yea?
Oh yeah he tried to fight me after hockey the other day. \ what ended up happening
I walk my dog for 30 minutes at a time but no matter what, he always ends up using the bathroom inside! I wish he would left me know if he needs to go out. \ On no!  That is no good!  Is he still a puppy?
No! He's about 2 years old now. Sometimes I think he does it out a spite when he's not getting enough attention! \ Hopefully he is not doing it out of spite!  Maybe you should hire a dog trainer to see if they can correct his behavior.
I have my performance appraisal tomorrow at work! I am really nervous! \ How long have you been working for the company?
This will be my first one!  I don't know what to expect and that is why I am so nervous! \ I think you will do okay! Get as much rest as possible tonight just in case they do an interview!
So Im a little bummed out today. I couldnt secure tickets to see my favorite band. They sold out really quick. \ That is indeed a bummer. Maybe you can pick some up on a ticket trading website?
They are already marked up really high. Those dang scalpers really irritate me. \ Seriously. It ruins it for the real fans.
My neighbor stole a package from me. \ No way? Do you have proof? That is terrible.
So check this out, I ordered a planter for my porch. That's how I know he did it, the exact planter I ordered and never got appeared on HIS porch a few days after my package went missing! \ Wow. That is horrible. I would get a camera and try to film them in the act and go to the police. I would be so angry.
everytime i go to mcdonalds they always get my orders wrong , leaving me angry its my fault for always going there  \ Maybe you should go somewhere else
i would but its right next to my job, its my fault honestly but as a customer they should be consistent  \ Yeah you would think they would be good by now
I feel bad for skipping church last week, My brother really wanted me to go with him \ i have never been to church , but i understand where your coming from
Yeah it can be a good place though \ maybe one day ill go , its just the way i was brought up religion was not something my family made me follow 
When my aunt died a few years ago, it really hurt me \ That must've been awful.
It was a bad experience for sure \ How old was she when she passed?
Old movies are the best. \ They really are. What is your favorite
I like old disney movies most, especially osmosis jones. \ Those are good too. I never saw that one
I'll sign a new contract at my workplace soon, so yeah, pretty excited about that. \ Ooh congratulations, what for? 
Just another year (and hopefully a small raise!) at the company. \ Best of luck with that raise. Congrats to you!
I'm finally almost done with my associate's degree! I technically started wayyyy back in 2011, but I just got serious in 2016. \ Oh that's great! Congratulations on your upcoming finish!
Thank you. :) I only have three classes left to take. I'm so excited.  \ That's amazing. I wish you the best of luck with the remaining classes!
I start school tomorrow. \ Are you excited?
Yes and I am all ready. I finished getting all my supplies. \ i hope you enjoy art class that was always my favorite.
Matty ran away from home! \ Oh no! Who is Matty?
My cat! She wasn't waiting for me when I got last night so I'm worried. \ Oh my.. I am so sorry. I hope you find her soon!
i was scared walking home last night \ Do you live in a bad area or a big city?
i live in the woods \ Your safe in the woods. Most animals are more scared of you. What scared you?
I moved to northern Alaska last year and don't know anyone.  \ you havent met all three people in the city yet?
haha. I live about 1 hour south of Barrow the most northern place in the USA and about 12 hours north of any actual city.  \ ah well it sounds like i hit the nail on the head
I am already nervous about tomorrow. It might rain hard \ If you have to leave just be very careful on the road.
I am going to try \ Leave early and drive slower than normal. Just watch out for other drivers.
I cant wait to start my new job tomorrow. Ill have better hours and higher pay. \ What kind of job is it
Its a financial analyst job. The company is really good and its something new for me. \ That sounds like a good one
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ What kind of animal is it?
a bearded dragon \ Wow that's so cool, those are a type of reptile right?
I can't wait for the new Super Smash Brothers game to be released. \ when does it come out? i wanna get that too and the new online service
I think it comes out in December, but I'm not positive actually. \ ah that sounds about right
When I think about my landlord, I get mad. They have not done all of the things they have promised \ Yeah, that's definitely not OK. Have you thought about contacting a tenants rights group to advocate on your behalf?
I am thinking about doing something, maybe that too \ In some cases you can even legally withhold rent if they aren't doing their duty as a landlord. I'd definitely check out what you can do!
My coworker was able to find a new job after only looking for like a week. \ What kind of job was it
Sales, so I'm not really envious about that part as I'm not into sales but I was still upset that he found a job so easily and I couldn't. We both wanted out of that company so bad. \ Sales do sound hard to do
It's crazy the amount of drivers running a red light near my house every day.  \ That sounds very dangerous
Yeah, it is. I think that red light needs a traffic camera on it. \ That would help a lot
When my brother got his new job I was happy for him. He deserved it \ That's great. I bet he worked hard for it.
He really did, its all he wanted \ I am happy for him! It is always nice to see people reaching their goals.
i am hoping to win the lottery \ i need to start playing too , that would be awesome
yea it would be great \ it would be a great life , hope you do eventually win
i never get tired of watching the original texas chainsaw massacre i watned it with my dad and it always brings back good memories  \ never seen it. dont like scary movies much
its really old old , but i still enjoy it till this day \ thats cool
I might not be able to make a trip at the end of the month. It makes me feel pretty bad \ I'm sorry to hear that! What's stopping you from taking the trip?
I might have to work \ Well, hopefully you can make arrangements to take the trip another time. It's hard to find a new job!
I feel so ashamed! My son baked cookies yesterday to have today after school and I ate them all! \ I guess that means they were good at least
They were delicious! I guess I better go bake some more for him. \ That sounds like a good idea
I have a sales meeting tomorrow. I think I knew what to expect to. \ Are you looking forward to it or nah?
I think I am going to do well so yes \ Well good. Then good luck tomorrow and knock 'em dead!
My cat got sick the other day, he was really pathetic. I felt so bad for him. \ Is he going to be okay
Yes, thankfully! The vet gave him some fluids and I made sure he got some food in him. He's doing much better today. \ I am glad then, I hate to see pets in pain
When I broke my arm in the past, I just knew mt brother was going to get me to the hospital. I had all the faith in the world \ did he get you there?
He did, and I was okay in the end \ oh thats good
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ You sound like a good person then. What kind of pet is it
a bearded dragon \ That sounds very exotic
I went to the dealership to buy a truck a little while ago, but I wasn't nervous. \ That's good, did you use one of those car buying services or something?
No I just knew exactly what I wanted, and how much I wanted to pay for it  \ Did you end up getting a good deal?
Somebodies kid had a dirty diaper on my flight last week. \ Oh I
Yeah, they let it linger way longer than I was comfortable with. \ I'll bet you were really glad when that flight was over!
I was walking down the street yesterday to get lunch and tripped and fell.  A few people saw me and laughed \ that stinks
Yeah, I didn't mind the fall so much as the bruised ego \ yea thats understandable
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ That's cool!  I love animals
yea all pets are awesome except for snakes and spiders \ I don't like spiders so much, but I do really like snakes. 
I just knew it was going to be a good weekend. I had a good feeling \ I didn't understand. What happened?
I had a good feeling about the weekend being a good one. I ended up being right \ ok
Me and my wife have been to have a child for the past year. I just learned last week that I can't have kid. It is terrible. \ I am sorry you had to hear that
I don't know what to do. I feel bad about it. I am still processing the information. \ I guess just pray about it and surround yourself with positive people
I was so scared by the movie the Grudge, even to this day it still scares me today \ never seen it, is it that scary?
I thought so, the girls face creeps me out \ ah, maybe i need to check it out
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ thanks
MY lease is almost up on my tiny apartment \ What will you do next?
im looking to rent a house now \ Have you found a house yet?
We often get bad storms in the fall and spring. \ You have tornadoes?
Yes, so I have put together a storm emergency kit for the basement . \ That's a good thing to have
I miss my aunt so much. \ Did she pass away?
She did, cancer took her 2 years ago. \ I'm sorry to hear that. Cancer is horrible. I can't wait till they find a cure.
My husband had to go to a conference for the entire week all the way across the country. \ Where did he end up flying too?
Oregon! All the way from Alabama! It's just me and the kids here and they're on bed and I'm bored to death. \ That's a long trip, do you have anything you can do to keep yourself occupied?
My brother came home sick today. I just wanted to make sure he is going to be okay with the medicine I gave him \ how is he doing?
He is a little better. I am still looking after him \ well he has a good sibling!
i felt bad when i missed my sons game \ Why did you miss it
cause i couldnt get off of work on time \ Well you cant help that sometimes
I bought a used car from my old neighbor last week. \ Oh yeah? What kind of car?
It was an old Toyota Camry.  I bought it sight unseen because he had three other people interested, but I knew he wouldn't lie to me about the condition of it, so I felt comfortable buying it. \ Oh you're good then, even beat up Camrys are great cars that last forever!
My friend is a single mom who works full time. She just graduated college! \ That is quite an accomplishment.  Someone like that is really inspiring.
Right? I'm so proud of her. Her accomplishment really made me think about just how lazy I am in my own life haha \ Hahahaha, it's hard to compare yourself with that, but it really let's you know what's possible if you really want something.
The coolest race I saw was a high school 3200 meter relay. \ The coolest race I saw was late at night on the highway out of town.
I am a bad driver, otherwise I might like it. \ Yeah, it can be pretty dangerous, but I was young.
I am proud of my brother, he has overcome a lot in his life, and that is hard to do sometimes \ Its good to have supportive siblings like you
I like to think so, I hope I make a big impact on thm \ I am sure you did, and I am sure he notices
I knew my date over the weekend was going to go well. We just clicked through messages before \ Are you gojng to meet them again?
I am next weekend, I am looking forward to it \ Good, I wish you the best of luck with it, may you find love!
I had to have this oral surgery once, I remember it very well because it was an uncommon procedure. They had to go up in my gums and attached a chain to one of my eye teeth and sew it back up and then once everything healed the orthodontist pulled the tooth down slowly over several months by attaching the chain to my braces. \ I hate the dentist, they poke and prod so much.
Yeah, it was the orthodontist but my teeth are so straight and pretty now, it sure was painful and hard to put faith in someone over 5 years of surgeries and appliances in my mouth and all that jazz. I remember asking everytime, is this really going to be worth it? \ I had braces growing up too, the worst part for me was the molding!
Can't believe my friends got me a stick. \ Like a stick shift car? You got some pretty rich friends!
Nope a hockey stick actually, I wish though! \ Oh lol.  I hear those are expensive too, so, you got some rich friends! Lol
it was suprising when i found cheap tickets to las vegas \ I bet that was a nice deal to find
yea it was a good deal i couldnt pass up \ I hope you have fun there then
I was surprised when I got to the gym this morning. It was not packed as usual \ were you able to make use of all the equipment
I did my normal workout which was good \ oh thats cool
My daughter recently graduated from law school! \ Wow that's great! She still has to pass the bar though right?
Yes, that's the next step.  She's the first one in our family to even go to college, much less graduate school \ Wow that's impressive, I'm sure with that determination she'll pass easily.
I stepped in some dog poop when I went on a walk yesterday, ugh. \ That's the worst!  People need to be more considerate and clean up after their dogs
I know, it's so simple to just carry around a bag, we don't need doggy land mines everywhere. \ I agree completely.  People shouldn't have to watch every single step they take just to avoid stepping in it.
I had a terrible candy craving so I stole some from the store. \ You actually stole them?
I did. I felt horrible about it afterward and went back and paid for it. \ Well that was nice of you
3 \ ?
Sorry. I meant to say that when my power went off for a few minutes last night, the sound it made scared me \ It always scares me too when my power goes off. I'll nearly break my toe hitting it on walls and furniture trying to light a candle lol
I wanted to show my brother I cared about him. So I bought him a new jacket \ oh thats sweet. did he like it?
He did very much, He will wear it here soon when it gets colder \ wow that was mighty nice of you
i was upset when i saw my brother pulling up with a brand new BMW \ Why were you upset
cause he doesnt pay his child support but can buy expensive things like that \ Oh, well I wonder how he will pay for that then
I watched Spice World yesterday for the first time in at least 15 years \ Did you like it? I never liked it!
I love it!  I couldn't help but think about all of the fun times I had with my friends in junior high watching it repeatedly \ Yeah I agree, those days will never come back!
That day, my best friend broke mt bicycle. \ Oh no!  That's awful.  How did they manage that?
I was my first mountain bike. I was very angry on him. But, he apologized to me. \ At least he apologized.  That makes it a little bit easier to deal with
i cant wait till next week \ What's going on next week?
kids go back to school \ Amen to that! Mine start wednesday and Friday!
Whenever I look at old photographs, I can't help but think of the past. \ good memories?
Yes, of a simpler childhood. \ the good ole days 
I stepped in tobacco spit today when I went out to check my mail barefoot! \ Ugh, that is disgusting.  I'm guessing it wasn't your own?
No! It was one of my nasty neighbors with their nasty Skoal habit. I almost threw up. \ I bet.  It would be bad enough it was just spit, but the tobacco amps it up to 11.  It would be nice if people had enough respect for others not to do that sort of stuff.
I know right? I'm gonna put a very angry passive aggressive note on their door tonight. \ That should solve the problem!
I just got a new job offer, but I don't know what I should do. \ Would you be making more money?
I would make more money, but my current boss gave me an opportunity to get into this industry with no prior experience so I am hesitant to leave him. \ Well sometimes you have to spread your wings and leave the nest!
I think I got my coworker in trouble. \ Why? Were they not working?
He called in sick, but spent the day at the waterpark with his kids. I didn't realize he'd called in sick, I thought he was just out. So, I accidentally told my boss where he was. \ He should have been honest from the start. It's on him not you.
Thanks, that's a good point. Or at least let me know he's going to lie so I can cover for him! \ Do you think your boss will tell him it's you that told on him?
Saturday I'm climbing Mt. Elbert the highest Mountain in the lower 48. The nerves has started to set in. \ That's so cool! Do you do a lot of climbing?
Not so much any more that I moved to the east coast. I do more surfing now but I was able to get off work so I fly into Colorado Thursday. \ Wow, so a proper adventure then. Have fun and stay safe!
I'm going overseas and I think I packed everything i need!  \ Where are you headed ?
Going to Kazakhstan. That's where i was born. My parents still live there and i miss them so much \ Great, I hope you have a nice trip. How long will you be staying?
I've worn the same shade of lipstick for years and I found out today its being discontinued. \ Its a good time to branch out then
Yeah but I'm scared to find a new shade \ There is nothing to be scared of
The weather the last few days has been irritating. I just want it to be sunny \ Has it been rainy there?
It has been all rain it seems \ It's been the same way here, just rain rain rain.
it was suprising to get cheap tickets to orlando \ Ohh, how did you get that?
alerts added to my phone from expedia \ ohh cool. I am happy for you
I was very upset last month \ what happened?
My girlfriend left me for another guy. \ wow, i did not see that coming.     on to the next one!
Just got back from the nicest supper with my friends. \ ohh, nice. Where did you guys go?
This pizzeria in town, we had a big pie. \ Cool. I like classic italian pizza
Last week I felt ruined \ Why did you feel ruined?
I performed badly in the annual presentation \ What did your leaders say about it?
I just watched the new Avengers movie. Have you seen it? \ I haven't, did you enjoy it?
Yeah I was pretty amazed at both the plot and how good the acting was.  \ Interesting, maybe I'll check it out.
I accidentally tripped while walking into a restaurant for dinner, totally ruined my appetite. \ Man that really stinks. I hope that you are ok!
I'm fine but I was wearing nice clothes and they got a bit ruined. \ Oh no well at least you aren't hurt
Drove past the area my Middle school was in today. It was gone. I hated it when I was in school but now that's it gone I'm sad \ yea funny how that happens
It was not even that long ago I went to that school. It's been less then 10 years. They did not even build anything. It's a park now. \ well at least its being put to good use
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ What kind of pet was it?
a bearded dragon \ Do you want to get one now?
I do get sad this time of the year. This was my dad favorite month \ I assume your dad has passed?
He has, its been a few years now \ I'm sorry to hear that.  My parents are getting older... I don't even want to think about that yet.
I'm playing the new WoW xpac :D \ What is that?
World of warcraft. \ Oh nice, I never got into those games
Playing hookey can be really fun. But sometimes it backfires... \ Ohh what happened?
When I was a teenager, I called in to the restaurant and told them I had to pick up my grandmother from an aiport hours away. Wouldn't you know it my family came in (including my grandma) and asked to be sat in my section! \ Sometimes things like these happens. Don't worry. But playing hookey is a fun though
I was very envious on my best friend \ It's OK we all get jealous sometimes. What did you envy about your best friend?
He got highest paid job in one of the biggest firms. But, don't know why, it bothers me. \ Don't sweat it! I am sure with hard work and determination, you will land a good job too!
I found a necklace today that I got 16  years ago \ Oh wow! Have you been looking for it for a long time?
I hadn't a guy had given it to me. I thought I lost it \ Well I'm glad you found it! I know you had to be happy about that!
It just made me think about when I was 18. Those times have come and gone \ Those were the good old days. I wish I could go back to being that age even for just a day!
I let my son use my debit card to go get pizza with his friends tonight. \ Did he buy 600 pizzas? lol
No lol thankfully he knows not to abuse the privilege. I did good with that kid somehow. \ That's good. I let my daughter go school shooping alon and she spent ten dollars on one shirt. I ended up buying everything myself
I just started myself a 401k! \ Way to go. You will be glad you did that in the future.
I know! I feel so adult like thinking about my retirement! \ That market has been really lately so you should see it grow. 
Last time I was in my hometown I drove in front the grocery store I used to work at. It was so cool to see it was still up and running. \ Awesome! Have they upgraded it any or does it look the same?
It looks exactly the same. It really brought me back thinking about those days. \ Oh wow, I bet it felt very nostalgic. Almost like being in a time machine.
I'm going to job interview Thursday. I'm currently employed but I'm ready to move on. \ Hey congrats!  Is it in the same field?
Yes, I'm currently in middle management this would be the next step up. I'm excited and nervous  \ Heyyy! That's awesome!  I wish you luck! Will it come with a sweet raise too?
My nephew started the 10th grade this week \ How exciting. Kid's grow up to fast.
Yeah I hear ya!  He's going to be playing football too! \ My favorite sport. Is this his first year playing?
I got a job as a pooper scooper. \ oh yea ? does it pay well
I don't know, I quit half way through my first yard.  The smell alone was enough to make me gag. \ hah.. you get used to it.
it was impressive seeing this guy eat a 3lbs burger the other day \ Holy cow, that IS impressive.  I can't believe people can eat that much.  Was he in a contest?
he ate it alone ... burger was free cause he ate it all and a pound of fries.. and got a free tshirt \ Ohhhh my goodness.  He deserves it for free if he can down 4 pounds of food.
My cousin passed the CPA exam! \ Congratulation. What is he planning to do next?
She's already working at a Big 4 firm so she's just going to stick with that for a few years. I'm proud of her, it wasn't easy! \ Good. I hope it will help her in career growth.
I went to visit this appartment that I want to rent. The appartment was totally different from pictures. It was very dirty. \ Eww, I've had that happen. Did you say something to the person showing you the apartment?
No, I left because I almost fainted. The walls were black. The ground was sticky because something weird on it. \ Wow that's revolting. I'd report it to the health department!
I have an wonderful husband and two precious kids. They are everything to me. \ You are so lucky. They must bring you great joy.
They really do.  I couldn't have gotten to hard times without them.   \ That is amazing. I am sure they appreciate you too.
I have a big interview tomorrow. I feel ready. I have my resumes printed out and everything. \ Wonderful!  It always feels so good to be prepared and ready to crush an interview.  I bet you'll get the job because of that preparation and confidence.
I feel like I can answer anything that comes at me. Im ready to kill it. Thank you. \ Awesome!  Let me congratulate you ahead of time cause you've got this!  
I found my high school yearbook this morning. I spent the whole day going through it. \ good memories?
Very good! I still wish I could go back to that age knowing what I know now though lol \ im with you there
i was pissed when i saw someone left my gate open \ Oh no! Do you have any pets that could get out?
yea two dogs, they are gone :( \ That's terrible! Hopefully they'll come back home. I'd be whooping somebody if I found out who did it!
I just got a new manager at work. She is really young but seems to be full of good ideals. \ That's cool!  Maybe you'll get along great!
I plan to steer clear. I'm going to relocate in January so I just need to lay low. I hope she does a great job. \ lol why do you have to steer clear?
I'm not looking to make a good or bad impression. I just want to do my job and go home.  \ ahhh.  I got you!  Well good luck on the relocation!
I have had a great start to my week! \ That's great. Do you think the rest of the week will be as great?
I hope so!  It looks promising!!   \ Lucky you. Are you always a positive person or it's just been an amazing week really?
I studied so hard for my test. \ Oh yeah?  I hope you did well?
I did amazing, got a 95%, so surprised! \ Good for you!
I really hate the house we're in, but we finally found one we really like! \ Are you excited to move out?
OH YEAH!  We might put an offer in tomorrow! \ Where is the house located?
My friends are the best of all time \ You must be really glad to have them.  Did they do something nice for you recentyl?
I did buy them gifts but still felt so nice to be appreciated. \ That is really great.  Hold on to those good friends.
Things haven't been going so well recently, but I am looking forward to the possibility of a nice vacation this year. \ Where would you like to vacation too?
I hope we can go to the Outer Banks in NC.  Great place. \ That sounds amazing, going to do some camping?
i was pissed when i saw my gate open \ Did anything or anyone escape
yea my dogs \ Oh no, did you get them back
My brother taught me some things about beer last week. It was pretty cool \ what did you learn
About different styles of beer and beer glasses \ ah thats cool
I just feel for an email scam \ Oh no, I hate to hear that. What were they trying to sell?
They offered me a place to live supper cheap on AirBnB \ I'm sorry about that.
I'm feeling a little sad about my son turning two in a few months. \ Yeah they always seem to grow up so fast. 
Time goes by so fast! \ Yeah but just think. The best is yet to come!
My husband used to have to work two jobs constantly and I'm so happy that we now work from home together. \ What do you guys do for work together?
We run and maintain multiple websites for company and do some design as well. \ That's awesome, do you make enough to afford your payments?
Harvard rejected me last night, \ Oh no!  That's not your journey then.  Do you have other places you applied?
I want to try Yale but like I'm so let down right now. \ I'm so sorry.  I know it must be tough right now but it is happening for a reason.  Make your dreams happen no matter where it is! 
I felt bad when I had to cancel on my friend earlier. He really wanted to hang out \ Why did you cancel?
I was just tired from work \ Oh, that makes sense, I am sure they understand
I have been faithful to my girlfriend of 3 years, she is the best! \ That is a beautiful thing
It sure is, I hope it continues! \ I am sure it will
 I was so scared by the movie the Grudge, even to this day it still scares me today \ Really?  Are you scared by lots of movies?
I guess I sort of am, any horror pretty much \ Awwww... That's cute.  
My cat died yesterday. \ Oh I am sorry to hear that, how old was it?
14 years old \ Oh, well that is a long time, but a stronger bond as well
i was pissed when i saw my gate left open \ Who left it open?
our energy company that went back there to do some work \ Did you complain to their customer service?
My friend was diagnosis with cancer. I am trying my best to help and support him. \ oh wow im sorry to hear that. glad to hear they got a good friend
Thanks. He recently had to stop working because he is not able anymore to move a lot. \ i hope they get well
She actually left me the night before christmas, what a joke! \ Are you serious? You dont deserve that.
I am, she didn't even take her gift I got her either. \ Thats rough. Im sure you will be better in the long run. 
I found this old mix CD I made a long time ago. It really brought be back to when I first made it. \ What songs were on it?
Lots of Ja Rule and Nelly. Talk about a long time ago. Felt like I was in high school again. \ Oh baby that sounds like fun to me, I loved old eminem.
They cut me from the team last night. \ What team?
My university soccer team, it's my senior year this is hard on me. \ Oh, I am sorry to hear that
I am happy with my life right now, everything is going well for the most part \ What is going so great?
I am happy with my life right now, everything is going well for the most part \ Tell me about it.
I was shocked this morning when I woke up this morning. I really overslept in a bad way \ Oh no! I hate when that happens! Did you turn off your alarm in your sleep?
I somehow just slept through it which never happens \ It happens to me more than I like to admit lol
I just bought a pair of jeans and wasn't expecting them to fit very well but they did \ Its always nice to find clothes that fit well
It is, I'll have to buy this brand more often. \ Yeah, if you find a brand you like, stick with it
i am hoping to win the lottery tomorrow \ Have you won before?
yes 1.3 million \ Really? That is enough to retire if you know how to manage it!
I was so mad when the Eagles fired Chip Kelly, but I suppose looking back it was the right move \ you know what they say about chip kelly?
What is that? \ f chip kelly
The other weekend I really wanted to go out, but I realized I don't have any good friends left. \ That is a bad realization to come to.  Where did they all go?
Well I used to hang out with a lot of my coworkers but I left that job. And just kind of drifted away from everyone else. I definitely need to find a new sport or something and make new friends. \ Yeah, that is tough.  Once you get to a certain age you have to work pretty hard to meet people.  Maybe you could join a softball league, that's what I did.
I have been eating a lot of sugar free candy recently and it made my bowels loose if you know what I mean.  \ Haha I know exactly what you mean! My uncle pranked his coworker once with a bag of sugar free candy. I feel for you, seriously.
It all hit me while I was walking out of an Eddie Bauer store at the mall.  I had to waddle to the bathroom and throw away my underwear. \ Oh man that is really bad. I feel sorry for laughing. 
I love my mom so much \ That's a great feeling I love mine as well.
Yeah she has done so well for herself.  Raised 3 kids by herself and now she finally bought her own home! \ That's impressive, she sounds amazing.
I forgot to put on Off! spray the other day before I went out and a bunch of bugs bit me up. \ Oh no!  Are you itching all over now? 
Yes, I try not to scratch a lot and I put rubbing alcohol on the bumps. \ That's good.  I hope it gets better soon :(
My three month backpacking trip is coming up but I feel like it might not be smart for me to go. \ Where is it taking place?
I am going to Eastern Europe. I have never been away that long or in a foreign country. I dont know. I feel nervous. \ Oh wow, that is a huge life event then, best of luck?
I cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good! \ They are making another one? Those games were always so successful.
Yes, this one looks amazing, so many fighters \ That is so cool. I might have to get a Switch.
That was scary having to change my tire in the middle of the road! \ yea that sucks.. feeling those cars zoom by you
It was dark out so they could hardly see me \ well at least you lived to tell us about it!
i was crushed when i had to work last weekend \ What did you miss because of work?
my sons game \ I'm sorry that's awful I bet he's sad.
My friend lost a bunch of weight in just a few months. \ That is awesome!  I know how hard it is to lose weight.  She  must be so happy.
She is but I'm not. It always takes me forever to lose weight. \ I feel you.  That's how my body functions too. Slow weight loss or not at all.  Its also dangerous to lose weight too quickly so don't wish it for yourself too fast.  Slowly and steadily keeps you from getting lose skin or gaining it all back too. 
I work nights and its so quiet with no one around in a darker room. I wish at least one other person was here. \ I used to have the same problem, I'd always hear a bunch of spooky noises after everyone left.
Yes. Some nights I get a bit too paranoid.  Especially near the machines I run.  Creepy.  \ I worked night shift alone in an office and I'd always hear foot steps in the hallway 
A friend bought my movie ticket yesterday. It was a nice gesture by him \ That is very nice, what movie did you see?
The new mission impossible movie \ How was it?
Our home was broken into right after we moved in. \ Oh really? Did you recover?
We did, but it just took away our sense of security. \ That is a scary feeling
I was mad the other night when my check engine soon light came on. It was just in the shop too \ Did you go to your mechanic for maintenance?
I am going tomorrow I think \ I understand
Today, in the subway, someone who wanted to get off at the very last minute, pushed me and made me fall. i was very angry. \ Did you report them to anyone
It is useless. The police will not do anything. I didn't had the time to see his face. \ I am sorry you went through thaty
So proud of my mother! \ you should be!
She just started school again, nursing! \ wow thats great!
i hope i get next weekend off \ What do you have planned for next weekend?
get chocolate wasted \ What does that mean?
I was throwing away some trash yesterday and I thought I saw an opossum run across my grass. \ Those things are gross
Yea I was freaked out because I thought they were poisonous or something. They also play dead, they are weird. \ They are not normal animals for sure
I get a feeling of being alone during the week. I wish I had a girlfriend \ That's understandable, companionship is great. Do you think you will seek one soon?
I have been off and on. I guess I need to start again \ Yea definitely, but only if you feel inclined.
The rain made me feel down yesterday. I wanted to be out and about \ I know what you mean! I got caught out in it by surprise, totally ruined my bike ride.
I am glad you are okay though \ Yeah, lightning is no joke. Hopefully you have better weather this weekend and can get out!
The other day I was short on cash I needed to pay my phone bill.  \ It can be hard these days, money is tight
So true. I lucked out though and found a $20 bill on the ground! I hope the person who lost it didn't need it really bad because it definitely helped me out. \ I bet that was a nice surprise
I think the Eagles can win the superbowl again this year, they are looking really good \ Did they win their preseason game? 
No but their quarterbacks did not really play, so it was expected \ That's great if they quaterback is good and have a good defense they got it.
I lost my credit card this weekend and then in the worst place Walmart. \ Did you get it all straightened out?
Yes I was very stun someone did a good deed and turned it in with my wallet and all the money in it I was very grateful.  \ Wow that is awesome, too rare in these times, count your lucky stars!
Can't wait for this weekend \ What do you have planned?
Taking the kids to the lake and going fishing! \ That's going to be fun, little catch and release?
So proud of my friend, he got a 95% on his test. \ Heck yeah that's awesome!  Did you celebrate with him
Oh yeah we went out for food earlier. \ Did you pick up at least 95% of the tab? lol
I think I'm losing my hearing almost entirely in my left ear and now in my right. No one knows what's going on.  \ have you gone to the doctor?
Yes, I went to an ENT and then a Specialist.  They don't know the reason why.  Not very reassuring and I'm stressed. \ that sucks. i hope it turns out well for you
i cant wait for the weekend \ The week just started, ha ha.  Do you have some fun plans?
yea i want to go fly fishing \ Awesome, my brother-in-law does that.  He loves it.  Hope its beautiful weather for you!
I think I finally have everything ready to apply to grad school. \ oh thats cool, what are you going to study
School Counseling. \ thats cool
i was scared walking home the other night \ Were you in a bad part of town?
i was in a dark wooded area with werewolves around \ That is scary! You be careful!
Someone paid my car insurance for the year! \ Wow, what a stroke of luck! Who did you such a solid?
It was donated to my church to give to me so I don't know.  Someone that knew things haven't been solid for me financially since I lost my job.  It was an amazing blessing. \ That's so very fortunate! There are still some kind-hearted people out there after all.
Sometimes I enjoy being alone, but not on a long trip that takes me far away from home. \ I know exactly what you mean.  It gets so lonely on the road.  Have you had to go away recently?
This was a while back, but I planned a bicycle trip that went across several states. Although I had a buddy coming with me originally, he ended up bailing and I went alone. I called it quits halfway. \ That's still quite a long ride.  Do you do a lot of long distance biking? 
I have a beautiful girl friend. But I met someone else. \ on to the next one, as they say!
I'm trying to figure out how to kick her out of my place. \ have the new chick there when she comes home
i was crushed when i couldnt get out of work on time \ Nothing feels worse than losing time to work when you should be free.
yea, it sucks. \ Hopefully they at least paid you overtime.
I just got a new dog! \ What breed is it?
It's a small husky with big blue eyes \ That is awesome, too bad it will not be small forever!
I am scared about my upcoming job interview, I get really nervous about this type of thing \ What type of job are you applying for?
It is an IT job, and I am qualified for it but still scared \ I bet you are, but don't worry you got this!
what do you want to here \ Well, you are supposed to tell me about something that made you feel a certain way.  Please share.
o ok  it was about this job i got it was the best and it made me feel good about my self it was my first job in 3 years \ That's great!  Having a job is a big deal - and I'm sure it was a blessing after not having one for three years!!  Congrats to you!
My daughter decided that she would make everyone dinner one night - and she's a bit creative. \ i bet that was very nice sounds like a nice family you have i bet you are so happy
Well, her creative side came out in the meal and we had alfredo sauce on our eggs - it was NOT good. \ lol  she will get better 
My oldest daughter started elementary school today I was so glad she had a great first day. \ Oh wonderful!  I'm glad it went so well!  Did she already know some friends there or was it a new school for her?
A new school that's why I was kind of nervous and scared but she loved it. \ Oh boy, I bet you were nervous.  I would've been too!  Sounds like she's got a great and fun year ahead of her!
I'm constantly working and never get a break. Its been getting to me lately and I'm grumpy all the time. \ I feel you have you tried setting a schedule or is it from lack of rest.
I'm just working double time while work is busier and everyone has to put in the time. I definitely don't sleep as well because of it. \ You may need a vacation or take a little break you don't want to overwork or wear your body down to much.
I am trying hard to get my business going before winter. \ what kind of buisiness are you running?
Retail :) It is really stressing me out as I am just not one that does so good under pressure. \ hrmmm .. seems interesting. hopefully legal.
i loved taking care of my sisters pet \ Is it a lizard?
no its a python  \ Oh lord! That's kind of scary
I am kind of irritated right now. My brother feel asleep on the couch where the tv is \ That's interesting I have a tv by my couch as well. You have good taste.
Yeah, I wish I could watch it, but I cannot \ Oh I didn't realize your brother had control of it because he slept there. Hopefully he finds another spot more comfy.
I was walking out of the kitchen yesterday and I spilled my bowl of cereal all over myself. \ Were able to save any of it
Yes I saved a small amount and added more. I get bothered by my clumsiness. \ It happens to all of us
I just watched the ring movie for the first time. \ Oh yeah.  I've never seen it, I can't watch horror films.  How did you like it?
I can't even sleep with the lights off now for the last few days. \ Ohhh boy.  I hope you have a person or an animal to snuggle up to to help you feel better.
I had to take my dog to the vet today. \ Hopefully he is ok, did they find anything wrong?
He has been really sick for a while now, but unfortunately he didn't get to come home with me today.   \ That's pretty scary, hopefully they can get him some meds and he gets to come home.
My neighbor keeps letting her dog use the bathroom on her balcony. \ That is just gross!  Have you spoken to her about it?
It's revolting. I reported her to the HOA but she keeps doing it. I'm going to say something if I catch her out there letting her dog out. \ I hope the HOA does something about that - that's just disgusting!
My daughter rides horses as a pasttime and was in her first dressage show a few weeks ago. \ That's so exciting! How did it go?
Well, the first showing I think she was nervous and she placed 7th - but then in the second showing she placed 2nd out of 43 riders! \ That is amazing! You must feel pretty proud of her.
i was excited when i was a child and found out my firned could come over and play \ life was simple then wasnt it! very cute. 
Yes it was so much simpler. We got excited for the smallest things \ I know what you mean. I miss being little myself. 
I was in the middle of a long distance move, and somehow misplaced my drivers registration and car insurance!!!  \ Oh no that is not good
I know I was so scared, and nervous.. it almost ruined the entire trip.  \ Did you finally find it
