My girlfriend has a new yoga instructor names Mark. He is such good shape, I feel a bit weird about her going to his classes. \ Don't worry bout that.  She has to have some sort of fantasy in her life.  Don't you have any ever?
Well yes, my instructor Marissa is so dreamy. But still... I see the way she looks at Mark. \ Well know that it isn't any different from you checking out other girls too.
I had to get my license renewed and I had to wait over an hour at the DMV. \ The DMV really should be better by now. Did you get a chance to do anything during the wait?
I actually did not. I didn't get to charge my phone the night before, so while I was waiting, it died.  \ Wow. Just one inconveniece after another. It's no wonder people dread having to deal with the DMV.
Just heard back from my boss about a promotion. He says it sounds good that I would get it. \ Awesome! It seems like you really worked hard, what type of work do you do?
I work in marketing. It's kinda cut throat sometimes. \ Oh, yeah. I couldn't do that type of work. It is too stressful for me.
In a few weeks my best friend and I are going to go see Ben Folds, I can't wait. \ That is so exciting. Have you been a fan a long time?
Yeah, my friend and I have been fans since 2004. We've seen him over ten times but we go every time he's into town because he never puts on the same show twice. \ That is something to look forward to!
My son came back from a camping trip last night. I was great to have him safely home again.  \ I'm glad he returned home safe and sound. Did he have fun on the camping trip?
He did. I'm a worrier, but I need to learn to let go more.  \ My mom was the same way. It's all part of being a parent. I hope to have kids soon too and I worry about stuff concerning them myself!
I had a test today and was very nervous about it. \ how did it go?
It was fine and now I will be able to graduate! \ congrats! that is amazing news.
i really miss my family. we are 800 miles away from each other. \ Did you make any plans to go and visit them?
i try to go once a year but money is tight right now. \ Maybe you will be able to make some extra money!
i love seeing halloween commercials before october hits , it makes me feel like a kid again \ Ohh, I love Halloween! It is my favorite time of the year. I can't wait!
me too , just seeing the m and ms , or cereal halloween commercials makes me smile \ Hah, I used to eat Count Chocula cereal. I know exactly what you are talking about!
I bought a lottery ticket a few days ago. I felt so confident it was going to win the jackpot! \ well did you ? the most i ever won was like 20 bux lol
Unfortunately I didn't win anything. I was crushed because my expectations were so high! \ well im confident one day you will win in life something great in life , better than money 
I came across my wedding albums the other day and showed them to my kids. \ Oh wow, I bet the emotions of that came back to you.
Yes, it was so much fun to see the younger version of me and my husband, pre-kids. Very sentimental. \ Yes, those memories are what make life so special.
I got a car for my birthday, but I kinda knew I was going to get it beforehand because I kept telling my wife I wanted it. \ So, not a surprise, but still nice to get? 
Yeah, kind of ruined the surprise, but I can always count on my wife to make me feel special. \ That's sweet. 
I am waiting for this storm to approach \ Is there any warnings? How much rain are you expecting?
I don't watch the tv. I can hear it sounds pretty bad though and I forecast that it could become a tornado! \ That is very scary. We have had a lot of rain here and when that happens large trees often come down.
We all were excited when my sister came home for Christmas. She brought her whole family. \ That's fun. Will anybody be dressing as Santa?
Haha! Nobody ever dresses as Santa, but the kids still believe in Santa which is very fun. \ Maybe you could pay someone to come into your house as Santa! And all the kiddies will be amazed!
Yesterday my hamster passed away. He was barely two years old :(. \ What was your hamster's name?
His name was Sparky. I reached into his cage to pick him up because he was not moving. His poor body was cold. I was so tearful. \ Do you know what it was that happened to kill him?
I went to church and everything this week. Maybe I will be blessed in my career! \ I hope that does good things for you. They say if you believe in something enough it comes true.
Oh I am a believer then! \ I can't say it has worked for me though. I have believed myself a ruler of the world but still live in this box.
i found an old pyrex bowl at the store yesterday like the one my mom used to make tuna casserole in. \ Did that bring back a lot of memories? It sounds like you made a good find there.
it did. i wish it wasn't $40.00 for the set or i would've bought it. \ That's too bad. Hopefully it will go on sale in the future or you can find a coupon!
I was very upset when I came home to find that my dog had torn up my living room sofa. \ that happened to me one. i had an american bulldog that had seperation anxiety and tore up my sofa cushions once. it was like a fluffy murder scene when i got home.
That's horrible, but looking back in the future it will be funny hopefully. My dog I thought had been trained, but she clearly had not! \ oh no. right now you are going crazy but it will be funny like you said in the future.
I have a bunker in my back yard with a ton of food in case of a natural disaster. \ That sounds delightful. I have a tornado approaching now and would like it if you lived near me.
Maybe I do! I have enough food for about a year, so I should be set for a while. \ What is your address?
The storm is coming, I can hear it with my ears! \ Oh no, I hope you are ready for it?
I am not. No storm shelter or saved up food. I hope I won't be washed away! \ Yeah, I hope you won't either. Maybe find a local shelter?
I got so irritated when I was driving the other day! \ I hope nobody was trying to cut you off.
I got pulled over and I was given a speeding ticket for going 55 in a 50MPH zone. \ Oh God, that must have been aggravating. Hopefully you can get it dismissed.
I donated $1,000 to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. It's for a great cause that's very important to me. \ Wow, thats very admirable of you.  People who abuse animals are the worst kind of people.
I agree, we should protect and nurture animals, not abuse them.  \ I have 2 dogs myself and I could never imagine hurting them.  I can't believe there are people out there who think that that is ok. its sick.
i miss my childhood and living with my parents \ Yeah those were the days. When we had no worries in the world.
yes indeed.  i wish i had my treehouse back that my dad built for me.  i would live in it. \ That sounds really cool. I always wanted a treehouse but never had a good tree for it.
When my spouse walked out on me and my kids I was so glad to have my friends. They brought me food and babysat for me. \ Oh that's awful! How many kids do you have?
I have two. My friends were there for me when I needed them most. I am so grateful for them. \ That's wonderful.  It's good to have good friends.
I'll always remember the day I learned I was pregnant with our first child -- Halloween in Chicago, and we were with friends at the Shedd Aquarium! I've loved baby belugas since ;-) \ Baby belugas are cute, but not as cute as your baby!
Ha! True that ;-) That's also the year that A Bug's Life came out, and we always thought of our young one as "Dot", the spunky little girl ant in the movie. \ That is so funny! I don't think she'll want to be compared to an ant when she gets older. You'll have to remind her.
I'm going to be really upset if I get passed over for another promotion. I've paid my dues. \ That is so hard, to feel like you've been looked over. Have you been able to have conversations with leadership as to why that might be the case?
Yeah, but nothing seems to change. After you talk to them things go back to normal and other people get rewarded. \ Does that make you curious to look elsewhere? It sounds like it's maybe not the best place?
I got a special present last year! \ ooooh what was it , and how did it make you feel ?
It was a new gaming system! I didn't think I would get it but it was wrapped with everything else! \ i love video games , from nintendo to ps4 ive owned them all , im happy for you
I went to a new restaurant last friday and they asked what sauce i would like my food to be cooked with , i said give me the spice dragon thinking it was gonna be hot , it was sweet and tangy i only ate a bit and left the rest there \ Oh wow, that's disappointing! 
it really was , i really dont like sweet food at all, i cant even stand candy \ I'm really sorry to hear that! 
I think tv shows make me into a mushy person at times. \ What types of tv shows do you like to watch?
Everything really, I just know I'm going to cry if it's sad even if I've seen it before. \ Do you keep the tissue close whenever your are on the tv?
I just won the lotto and now I can finally finish my storm shelter! I will finally be safe from all these twisters! \ Hey that's a good plan, hope you remember to include some fun stuff for those long house.
Good idea! I will start making a list right now! \ I hope it works out for you, stay safe.
I lost a little bit of weight recently and last week I felt more confident in a bathing suit. \ That's great! How much did you lose?
20 pounds so far. \ Wow that's fantastic! i wish i had that kind of will power
i live next to a football field and every football season i hate living here \ Oh yeah, why is that?
Because they park in my driveway! \ I would have them towed!
i have signs up this year, so i can do that legally! \ Oh so you have to have a sign up to legally tow them?
Yes. Which i think is wrong.  If they are on my property i should have the right without the sign. \ Or you could just park behind them so that they would have to knock on your door before you let them out.
I had the most amazing time the other night and I am so happy and I feel like I'm on cloud 9. \ Please tell me what happened! I wish I did too!!
I’ve been talking to this girl I met online and we went out on a great date.  We had so much fun.  Im 100% sure we’re going to go out again soon. \ Well I hope that you two have a bunch of fun. I have been together with my partner for a very long time, and I feel very lucky.
I am very much looking forward to going to Busch Gardens next week with my family! \ Ive been to Busch Gardens before.  They have some really cool Roller coasters.  I hope you have a great time.
I do too. Did you go to the one in Williamsburg or in Tampa?  \ Ive been to the one in Tampa.  They have this new coaster that rotates forward and backward and spins around. It was equal parts fun and scary.
my husband treated me to a week at disney, i had no idea! \ That's awesome. Which Disney park did you go to?
disney world. it's the only one Ive ever been to . \ Ooh I live pretty close to it. You have a great husband to give you that treat!
I miss when I was a child. I didn't have to do anything besides school and play with my friends. \ yes those were the days.
Now I have to work and pay bills. Responsibility is overrated. I will take childhood any day! \ Exactly! If only we could go back.
I was driving along and had a car accident today.. \ That's not good, are you ok?
Yes I am fine. And noone else was hurt. But my beautiful new car.. \ Hey, hope oyu can get the money back from insurance and they don't charge you a ton more.
Little kids really have no clue about germs I think. \ Yea, I agree. Or they just really don't care.
This kid dropped his candy bar and then picked it up and ate it. \ Did he even hesitate?
Not even a little. \ What a little monster!
I met a person at a bar recently who said they were a movie star. I believed him because I didn't know any better. \ So did you find out that they were lying?
Yeah I looked up the movie he said he was in and it didn't exist. My friends tell me I am so gullible. Oh well! \ That's funny. Maybe you got the name wrong or something?
I have a new storm shelter and food. But I didn't get anything to play with for the storm. \ You need something to pass the time or you will go crazy with boredom. How about some books or cards?
Yes that is a great one. I will put your ideas onto my list. I will be better prepared for the next storm! \ If you have someone with you cards are great. Good luck in your next storm!
I just got home from work and I cannot even begin to tell you how mad I am right now! \ What a day, huh?! Can you tell me what happened or is it still too raw?
Well, my dog decided it would be a good day to eat my shoes and then take a poop on my floor, so i had to scrub the floor clean. \ That is not something I would want to come home to seeing. And your day at work was bad too, wow!
I can not believe how loyal my dogs are to me. I am so thankful that they will let me give medicine to them without putting up a fight. \ Dogs are the best. are they ok?  what kind of medicine do you have to give them?
Well, right now they both have an ear infection. Both of them are Golden Retrievers and they both are very gentle dogs that let me administer medicine without any problems \ Awww golden retrievers are adorable.  My ex had one of them.  Well I hope your dogs feel better soon.  Ear infections are no fun at all.
i am pretty happy right now, i don't think i have ever been happier with my life. \ That's good that you found happiness. That's what were all in the pursuit of right?
Exactly! I used to struggle but i don't anymore \ You are blessed. Make sure to spread the positive energy. 
My daughter went out of town, but she promised me she wouldn't do anything I wouldn't approve of, and I believe her, so I let her go. \ that's great that you can trust her.  how old?
Yeah, she's a good kid and hasn't given me any reason to think otherwise. She just turned 18. \ That's great. Be thankful, some people aren't so lucky.
I feel so alone! I'm a single mom and my son just went off to college. \ Aww, that's a bummer. Well at least you can look forward to his visits.
Yes, that's true! He promised he'd come home often to visit! \ Depending how far away he is, he probably will! Just make sure to spoil him when he does lol!
I have been looking for a mate for such a long time. I want to find a single mother with an empty nest. \ Sometimes it's hard to find that certain someone! Have you tried a dating app?
It sure is tough. Every time I find someone online it turns out there is something weird about them. I guess I will be lonely for the rest of my life. \ Keep your chin up! That special person will come along when you're least expecting it!
We had a really great guest speaker at work today. \ That's awesome! What did they talk about?
He was a retired FBI agent who talked about his experiences in the field in the 1970's. \ Fascinating! What kind of work do you do?
I'm a role player that trains law enforcement by acting as victims or suspects. \ Sounds like it was very exciting!
I recently had an existential crisis. It was awful \ Oh no.  What happened?
I watched the new Avengers movie and a lot of people die. And I realized we're all going to die and there's no way to know what that's like. And then I felt sick for a couple days and couldn't stop thinking about it \ Wow.  It had that much of an effect on you?  That it made you consider your own mortality?
Yea. I don't know why, it was the dumbest thing. I was really upset. \ Well it's good to remember your mortality, even if you have to ignore it to continue normal life.
Man I can't believe I almost bought that thing at Walmart! \ what did you almost buy?
It was a combination rice-cooker and vegetable steamer.  It looked so good in the ad, but when I got there, it looked cheap and shabby! \ It's hard to find good quality at walmart
I hope I can find one that lives up to the promise of that ad.  Maybe somwhere else, right? \ I would try target.  good quality stuff there.
I could try online, but I'd have to buy it first and then see if it's good quality. \ try googling it, and read thru the reviews
i am trying to sell my house, i hope i can find a buyer \ Finding a buyer can be tough.  You have a good agent?
I hope i do.  We will see, I know it can take a while.\ \ Does it have a good location?  You know the only rule of real estate, right?  Location, Location, Location.
yes i live behind a school. \ Sounds good.  Definitely should target a family buyer then
yes, but i will leave that to the listing agent. \ You got a figure in mind for your house or are you letting the agent handle that as well?
I just made a new friend. \ really? How did you meet them?
I met them at the store. But there is more.. \ I hope they aren't like a crazy stalker or anything.  Be careful!
Whoa! so that was crazy.  You'll never guess what just happened. \ Did you win that lottery??
So, I’m just sitting here and I got a text out of the blue from my ex, telling me that she still loved me.  I was pretty shocked.  Like how do I even respond to that? \ Do you want to get back together with them?
I was devastated when my pet turtle died. Me and Petey were best friends. \ Oh I'm sorry to hear that, were you thinking of buying another one?
No, nothing can replace good old Petey. I will mourn him every day and reminisce about the good times we had. \ Well I'm glad you have good memories to remember him by.
My nephews came over a few days ago and it reminded me of my childhood \ Oh yeah? What specifically did it remind you of?
Just being carefree and being so excited about everything. \ That was a good time for me as well. I liked to hang out with my friends and get in trouble.
I feel so gratified and rewarded right now.  It feels like it was all worth it \ That's great! What made you feel rewarded?
This employee that I helped train when they first started is now becoming a manager.  I feel like I was instrumental in helping them get to where they are now. \ Oh yeah I could see how that might make you feel that way. Is the employee grateful for your help?
I had to leave my last job because this manager they brought in was such an incompetent doofus. \ Thats never good when you have a bad manager.  What made them so bad?
He was the "marketing manager" but couldn't market his way out of a paper bag, it was impossible to work with him. Plus he thought he knew everything which made it worse. \ Know it alls are the worst.  Hopefully you are in a better spot now, with a manager who cares.
I was eating at my favorite Chinese restaurant recently. During one bite I felt a crunch in my mouth. \ That's gross. What was it??
I looked down and realized I had bitten into a cockroach. I was appalled but finished the food anyway. Guess I got my protein for the day. \ I would have thrown up! Did you tell the manager?
A few years ago I saw the cutest puppy at the pound. I brought him home to my son. \ Aww, I love puppies. Did your son love him?
He did! He named him snoopy. We still have him today. \ Aww I bet Snoopy has a great loving family. Glad you rescued the pup!
I was so pleased with myself for knocking off a lot of tasks in my home remodeling project! \ that's awesome! what rooms did you remodel?
I've been working on the kitchen and dining room. I replaced all of my appliances and installed new light fixtures! \ Oh i bet it looks great! I just finished a kitchen remodel myself.  i did white cabinets and painted my countertops.
i am concerned about my father \ Oh no! What's wrong with your dad?
he is old, and he lives alone.  i just worry because he is getting old.  he gets on ok, but i don't know how much longer. \ Aw, I'm so sorry to hear that. It's not easy to watch our parents age. 
no it's not, but hopefully our kids will do the same for us some day. \ We can surely hope! 
After 2 months of working out I'm finally losing weight and hopeful it's all worth it. \ Wow,  we're you so fat before?
I was pretty overweight. About 5'6" 180 pounds to start with. \ that's huge.  U actually worked on yourself.  So,  how did you do it? 
I have really wished to have one ever since I lost the one my mum bought during my convocation  \ What are you talking about?
I am talking about a gold watch my grandma bought for me  \ Oh ok. That's awesome. It's nice to have something of value.
It's been awhile now, but I vividly remember being let go from my job where I'd worked (and sweated and bled) for 11 years.  They claimed it was due to downsizing. \ That's really hard!  I'm sure that was disappointing after putting in so many years.  Sorry.
It was, but honestly it was the best thing for my family.  I had just told them that I was pregnant with my 2nd child and I truly think they did not want to share me with the family I was creating. \ Wow.  Well, if that was the culture and climate of that workplace, you are definitely better off not working for them.  Very sad.
I'm having to cancel my Labor Day plans since I have to work.  My boss is taking a trip and we both can't be gone from work.  I'm disappointed.   \ That stinks!  What were your plans?
I was going to Georgia to watch my cousin's son play in his first college football game.  It was going to be a nice family reunion type trip. \ I'm so sorry you had to change your plans!  Perhaps you can schedule some time after Labor Day to come and see him play?
My neighbor asked me to watch over his dog. I told him he could trust me, but he escaped and ran away. \ That must have made you feel terrible. Were you able to find the dog?
I feel so bad. I forgot to lock the gate. No, but I put up a lot of posters, so hopefully I find him before my neighbor comes back. \ I sincerely hope you can find him! But I bet your neighbor will understand it was just a mistake and you didn't do it on purpose.
I used to have this obnoxious neighbor who stayed up all night playing League of Legends, he drove me nuts screaming into his headset all hours of the day and night. \ Doesn't he understand that people have to go to work in the morning?
His parents paid his bills so no, he didn't understand that sadly. I tried talking to him about it but clearly he didn't get the picture as he kept doing it. \ You might have to file a noise complaint with the police.
I was so ashamed of my self the other day! I went to work with two different shoes! \ What was the reason that happen to you?
I guess I just didn't realize one was blue and one was black and I didn't have time to go home and change! I had to hide my feet all day! \ I hope you you work behind a desk. That is the only way you can hide them!!!
 I am very glad with my new job \ That's great! Where are you working for your new job?
I am working as a broker.My dream job !!! \ Congratulations on your new job! You must have worked very hard to get there!
My daughters little dog passed away about 4 months ago, it really shook all of us. \ i am so sorry for you.  I know what a crushing experience the passing of a beloved pet can be.  You must be very sad.
Yes, she was only 6 years old.  She had an autoimmune disease and it started attacking her red blood cells - there was not much we could do. \ That is awful.  An unexpected illness cam really strike like a dagger in the heart.
I met a girl, and took her on a date to a concert \ What concert?  Did you like her enough to go on a 2nd date?
No, unfortunately.  As we were walking on the sidewalk, we were approached by a couple of dirty, tough looking guys. \ Well, that sounds a bit scary!  What happened?
I had a storm come through recently. A massive limb fell on top of my roof and now I have to replace the entire roof of my house \ That's intense! I hope the damage wasn't all that bad.
It was very bad. The entire roof will definitely have to be replaced. \ Yes, get it fixed as soon as possible. Does insurance cover it?
I went to a wedding. I saw many of my friends from my grade school past. \ Wow, you remember your friends from grade school? Maybe if I saw them again those memories would come back.
Yes I do. Some of them I am still very fond of. \ Well, I hope you had a really great time. It sounds like you probably did!
i have a new job offer, but im not sure if i should take it \ What is causing you to question whether it's the right thing for you or not?
well, it is retail.  ive done retail and it is not fun. \ Yeah, I've done that as well.  It can definitely be a hard job, considering dealing with the public, hours during holiday seasons, etc.. But sometimes if the pay is good, it can outweigh some of the negatives.
When our girls were 5 and 7 we made plans to take them to Disney, but we didn't tell them where we were going. \ Oh that was a wonderful surprise?  What was their reactions?
Well, at first they were like "But we wanted to go to the beach!" because that's where we told them we were going.  But that faded quickly as they realized where we were staying and what we were doing.  I loved seeing their faces! \ Ah, well Im sure they had a wonderful time.  It is the happiest places on earth.
My friend wrecked my car when I let him borrow it over the weekend \ That is a real bummer. I hope your friend gets it repaired for you.
Well, it's a giant hassle to manage from the insurance side but apparently they will cover it if he doesn't. Might hike my rates, though \ Well you probably won't be lending your car again any time soon hahah!
I was so thrilled when I finally got my new video game I had saved for. I played it for two days straight. \ That's awesome! I force myself to budget for it lol. What was the game?
It was God of War. I was so happy I got to play it because I had been anticipating it for such a long time. \ Ah, I suppose I could have guessed. It's the game everyone is talking about lately. I heard it's quite good!
it really annoys me at work that i work so hard , and then slackers get paid the same amount kinda makes me feel invious, like they just get to walk around and get payed for it \ I totally know the feeling! Have you tried bringing this up to your supervisor?
yes i have many times, but they do nothing about it sometimes it just makes want to quit so they are stuck with all the bad workers  \ Ha, that would be some pretty good revenge. Maybe you should go ahead and find a new job where you will be appreciated.
So this one time I walked in on my cat using the toilet by himself. He just taught himself to do it, I had no idea how or why but it was pretty cool. \ lol that remind me of a movie i saw with robert deniro , thats absolutly bizzare by the way but cool at the same time
I know which movie you're talking about! I think they actually had to train that cat to do it. Mine just... learned. \ wow , i would love to have a cat like yours 
I can't wait for my family to come to town. My house is all in order for when they come. \ That sounds like fun, do you have a big family?
No, I really don't so it's special. I would have what many would call a nuclear family, you know? \ Yes I understand, I have a big family so it's hard for us to all get together at the same time.
I stepped in some dog poop walking in my neighborhood the other day. \ That's disgusting, I would have a very hard time finishing that walk. Did you go straight home?
Yes I was wearing sandals so I went home to wash it off ASAP. \ Oh my gosh, that makes it so much worse! I have done that before too, so I hope that neither one of us has that happen again!!
I have to tell you about one of the scariest moments ive had in a long time.. \ What happened?
I went to take my dog outside to use the bathroom last night, and when we walked outside onto the porch there was a giant spider the size of my fist.  I thought it was going to attack me.  I ran back inside so fast. \ OMG, those things make the hair on the back of my neck stand up. Hopefully it didn't get into your house.
I went to a concert by myself because all my friends were too busy doing other things. \ Aww thats too bad that no one else could go.  What concert was it?
It was a Marilyn Manson concert. I was even dancing by myself. \ haha that must have been a crazy concert! 
When we went on vacation last year, I rode tower of terror. I screamed my head off the entire time. \ That's at MGM right?  My daughter rode that with her daddy when she was 8, she was terrified!  Did you do it again, or was once enough?
Yes, it sure is! No, I will never ride that again. It had way too many drops. \ That is what I hate about any amusement park ride - the drops!
We did a behind the scenes tour at a local zoo with our daughters and the otters had just had babies! \ That's amazing! What other animals did you see?
Honestly I was so focused on those otters - LOL!  I wanted to put one in my pocket and just take it home - they were so adorable! \ I bet they were seriously cute! Did you get to feed them?
I moved out of my dad's house when I was 19 and moved to Atlanta.   \ That's pretty impressive! Was it scary to move away from home at such a young age?
It was - even though the company I worked for moved us all down here, it was still very hard to adjust.  I mean, being in a big city and not having family around was hard. \ I'll bet it was! I don't have family around, so I know how lonely that can feel!
I was so thankful that my friend came to pick me up when my car broke down yesterday! \ I absolutely hate car trouble! It is the worst!  Thankful for friends that can help out in times like that - did you get it fixed?
I did, thankfully! It was an easy repair! My friend was nice enough to take me out to lunch while we waited for the tow truck! \ That's a good friend for sure - I'd keep their number on speed dial!  
My dog started to get lumps along her stomach so I'm taking her o the vet tomorrow \ Oh no, I hope she is OK! Glad you are taking her to the vet. Is she doing OK other than the lumps?
She's also been refusing food and vomitting so...not looking so good unfortunatly \ Aww, poor girl. Hopefully the vet can figure it out and it isn't anything too serious. You're doing the right thing.
This friend of mine is constantly job hopping, I don't even know what she does technically but she seems to get good jobs so easily, whereas when I left my last job I could barely get interviews. \ Sometimes that depends on the industry. If she works in ones that have high turnover it's not a big of a deal as, say, an administrative job
She's in banking so there are definitely a lot of available jobs. And there seems to be a lot of turnover so you're probably right. \ Well, I'm not entirely sure about the banking side but I wonder what she's looking for. Perhaps a small vs big bank culture
So I am headed to Mexico for work in about 2 weeks and I am a bit nervous.  I have never been and I am not sure what to expect. \ I think that it's completely normal to feel that way for such a long distance trip. I assume you're going from America. I bet you would feel better by doing a bit of research!
I have been researching a bit.  Every time I do, I end up looking up information about drug cartels and other scary stuff \ I think those are just outliers, you'll find that there are plenty of well established tourist areas that will accommodate you well. Just don't focus on the negatives!
I work in a position with a few other coworkers in the same position. One, who does little work, recently got a promotion. He was even there less time than me. \ That would drive me crazy.  How are you handling it?
It seems like I just need to find a new place to work. That just isn't fair, but at the same time maybe there's something I'm not seeing. \ You can't let it get you too down.  There are some places that just promote people for reasons not related to job performance.
I miss my father. \ Did he pass away or not live close to you?
He died 5 years ago.He left a whole on me. \ I'm so sorry, it's hard when anyone close passes on, but I think parents are one of the hardest.
I've been at home homeschooling my girls for many years, but that time is coming to an end very quickly. \ Why did you decide to change their education?
My youngest was in a ballet company and public school just did not work for her.  My oldest stayed in public school for awhile and then made the decision to come home in 8th grade.  It's been a good decision for us, but it's really time for me to get back into the work force. \ that is an important steep you are taking in your life.
Our daughters are growing up so fast on us. They are now 18 and almost 16.  I think you blink and the years just fly by. \ Yes i agree.  I have 3 boys and they are in their twenties. I don't know where the years went.
I'm slowly learning that life is all about changing and it's changing more rapidly than I'd like.  I catch myself on a daily basis remembering things that have already gone on by. \ That's so true! I have a theory that time is just a way to keep everything from happening at once. 
I am ready to start renovating the rest of my house. \ OOO I love doing that, but not so much the upheaval in the midst of it.  What room are you going to be working on?
I finished my kitchen, so the next room is going to be my family room.  Just painting it really.  \ Still, a new color can definitely brighten up a space and make it feel all new!
I went to my friend's niece's dance recital this weekend. I could not believe how well she did. \ Ive never been to one of those.  Is she really young or is she like a professional dancer?
She is very young, and she stole the show. She was hilarious and stood out from all of the rest of the girls. \ thats awesome.  I wish I would have taken dancing lessons when I was younger.  Im a horrible dancer
You know you could still do it. I know you can. \ yea you're right.  Maybe ill look into some classes and give it a shot
I wish that when people say they are going to do something or make a promise, that they would stick to it. \ I know exactly what you mean. I have been let down many times, and it's never a good feeling.
I  had plans to go out with my friends tonight, but suddenly everyone is busy now. and Im stuck home alone \ You can and should make the best of it. You should have a blast and binge watch some TV show!
I have an important job interview coming up this week \ That's so exciting! Are you feeling nervous?
Very. I feel confident in my abilities, but of course it does play on the nerves some anyway. \ I'm sure if you just relax and focus on being confident, you will do great! Best of luck!
My son drove down and spent the whole weekend helping me move. \ Aw, that's so nice of him! Does he live far away?
He lives about a couple hours away, but he's young and always busy. I was very relieved to have some help as it was a BIG job! \ That's a great son. It's always nice to be able to rely on people close to you to help out when needed
I waited for two weeks for my final grades. It seemed to take forever to get them. I couldn't stand it. \ I bet you were a nervous wreck. I hope they turned out well.
It was worth the wait. I ended with a 3.8 gpa. \ That's pretty good!  That should qualify for you to graduate with honors.
My oldest daughter was in a running club at her school, and she won her very first race. \ That's awesome! How far did she have to run?
It was only a mile, but that's not bad for a 5th grader.  Still, she did excellent, and a lot better than the other kids. \ I definately can't run a mile. She did great.
My step father passed away last year and my mother moved in with my sister.  She didn't raise me, so it works out that she's living with my sister. \ Do she at least try to keep in contact with you?
A little bit bu, they took the insurance money and bought a big house - i mean BIG! I know they needed more room for my mother to move in, but what they bought was way over and above what was needed. \ That's crazy. They shouldn't of taken advantage of your step father like that.
This morning I woke up and I was in such a good mood that I just started singing in the shower. \ That's awesome!  I wish I could wake up that way every morning.  Did something specific make you feel that way?
I don't know, I think it was because I had a dream about marrying Scarlett Johansson. \ Ha!!  Well I've woken up from a dream and been mad at my husband because of something he did in my dream - I guess it can go the other way too!
One time I opened up my fridge and was shocked to see it was completely empty. \ That is too funny. Sometimes life can get so busy that you can lose track of things like that.
Actually my kids played an April Fools prank on me. They had just taken everything out and hid it. They got me good! \ Oh my gosh they did get you good. You have to get them back even if it's not on April Fools day!
You know sometimes when you just feel like you have to leave a job? Well, that time is now for me and I can not wait for my job interview this week. \ Yeah I have had that experience. One was so bad I left before getting another job. Don't recommend doing that, lol.
It is so tempting you're absolutely right. I'm going to try and hang on though, and thanks for the advice. \ Stick it out until you have a backup. Your bank account will thank you!
i walked into a church one day and there was a private baptism going on. i was so ashamed.  \ Oh no. Was there no sign posted or anything?
no. the door was unlocked so i thought it was safe to go in. boy was i wrong. \ Well I am sure they won't hold it against you. Honest mistake.
I am feeling pretty good after finishing that last exam. \ that's great. when will you know how you did?
I will know this Friday. I studied very hard, so I believe I did well. Fingers crossed. \ i hope so. is this a final exam?
Yes, it is the final one. Thank you! \ good luck!'
Our daughter's dance program sent out new tuition notices.  They've decided to change the pay structure and everything at the last minute! \ That's so mean! I think they should honor the original prices they set
I agree, but they've decided to change how they run the entire place over the summer apparently.  It's going to cost us quite a bit more and we had no warning. \ I think that's unethical. I would switch to a new one if I could (and all her friends weren't there)
My dog decided to pee on my bed when I wasn't home. Little jerk. \ Oh no!  And that is hard to get out!  Do you have a waterproof cover on the bed by any chance?
Nope. I only discovered it when I tried to lay down on it too. So gross. \ oh YUCK!  Well, I'd suggest a waterproof mattress cover just in case it happens again.  At least if it does happen again, it won't get into the mattress and you can wash the rest of the bed clothes.  I'm so sorry you discovered it that way!
I went through my closet the other day and found all these old writings and drawings I did when I was in elementary school. It was fun remembering being that little, how different the world was. \ I've done that before... I enjoyed it too! I love looking back at old pictures and stuff
Did your parents save a lot of your school work like mine did? I'm surprised how much my mom kept! \ Some of it but my grandma did save a lot.  I plan on doing that with my kids
The other day I found an iguana in my backyard.... I hate iguanas! it was horrinle \ Oh no! I think they're cute but I'd probably be freaked out if I saw one in my yard, too. What did you do?
I had my husband move it away from being so close to our door... I don't like reptiles but i didnt want to throw out into the street either \ Awww well that was nice of you, a lesser person might have stomped it or hurt it.
I am blushing so bad right now, sometimes technology is not my friend. \ I can relate.  Sometimes I have issues with new tech.  What is giving you problems?
I was texting and flirting with this girl and then a female coworker messaged me about work, and not seeing who i was responding to, I typed a message that was not meant for her. \ Ouch.  That is awkward.  I imagine you can just explain to her that the message was sent to her by mistake.  It happens.
My friend won a work contest that we were competing for.  He gets an all expenses trip to St. Louis for a weekend.  I love that town and I wish I was him \ Thats really awesome.  I never win anything cool.  Does he get to bring anyone? Maybe he can take you?
I imagine he will take his wife.  He was kind of rubbing it in a bit at work.  I think he was trying to make me even more envious.   \ Thats kind of mean of him.  Tell your boss that he cheated and that you should've won instead.  That'll teach him not to brag
I am not going to return to work after my maternity leave. \ How come?
I have decided to stay home with my daughter. \ That's a tough decision to make, but children do need someone at that young an age.
My friend just told me she likes me as more than a friend. \ How do you feel about that?
I don't know. We've been friends for so long. \ That is a tough situation. You don't want to mess up a great friendship and you also don't want to hurt her feelings either if you don't feel the same. 
My wife surprised me once with a cruise to the Caribbean. I had no idea she was going to give that to me. \ that is a fun surprise. what part of the Caribbean did you go to?
We went to Bahamas, St. Maarten, St Vincent, and Barbados. We had a blast. I love my wife so much! \ that sounds amazing. I've only been to puerto rico and the keys. what a lovely wife to give you such a great surprise.
my dog got loose and got in a fight with another dog.  \ Oh that really stinks. Were either of them injured?
the other dog started the fight and my dog got nicked on his snout and tongue. \ Well at least it was nothing serious. Hope they don't fight any more.
I came home from work to discover that my cat had knocked down the TV \ Oh no!  Cats can be devious things when we are not home - and sometimes when we are.  Did it break the TV?
Yes, yes he did. And of course he didn't care. He was taking a nap next to it when I got back \ Aren't they just the most cute, and insanely calculating animals!  
I'd never had a new car, always used.  And when I say used, I mean 1973 VW Bug, no heat, no air, in Atlanta traffic.  That was until I got married. \ Well hello fellow Atlanta person. I also buy used, but most people tend to look down on it
My husband gave me a brand new car for a wedding present!  We've now been married 22 years and it was the ONLY new car we've ever bought - LOL!  While I loved it, it's better use of our money to buy used, but it took us a little while to realize that. \ If you keep a new car long enough it comes out about even! If you keep that in mind then a new car actually becomes a great investment!
For my birthday last year, a coworker gave me cheese. It sounds ridiculous but I was touched by her thoughtfulness. I love cheese! \ I love cheese too! What kind of cheese was it?
Smoked gouda, one of my favorites! I ate it all in a day haha \ Gouda is great! Do you like prosciutto too?
I don't like being in the woods at night. The coyotes make scary noises. \ Oh definitely! They almost sound like crying humans sometimes. So you don't like camping?
Not really. Unless we are in an RV. \ I totally understand, it can be scary if you don't like all the unknown noises.
i grew up playing video games all my life, every time i go to a laundermat or just happen to come across an old arcade at a bar it brings back good memories  \ I remember those good times too, playing video games is a lot of fun.
i dont have as much time like when i was a kid, but i played street fighter yesterday for like 20 minutes with my friend , and boy did we have fun \ That's awesome, I love fighting games.
I had to get my foot checked out at the doctor recently. \ ooooh what happened , are you ok ? anything serious ?
Well I thought it was infected, but fortunately it wasn't. \ thats really good to hear , infections are a serious matter glad your ok
I found a salad in the back of my refrigerator that I forgot about. It smelled awful when I opened the container it was in. \ Gross. It would have gone straight into the trash here.
Yes, it went straight to the outside trash container. I was very surprised that my entire refrigerator didn't smell bad. \ You can use baking soda to get the smell out of it.
I stepped on a snake in our backyard. I screamed so loud! \ What kind of snake was it? You know my mom is terrified of all snakes even the ones that aren't poisonous.
I have no clue. It was big ad black. \ Most snakes aren't poisonous so hopefully it wasn't. Just know that it probably couldn't have hurt you, and I hope that you don't see any more in the future!!
My cat had really bad breath so I took her in to the dentist. It turned out almost all of her teeth needed to be pulled, poor thing was in so much pain. \ Aww poor baby, hopefully shes doing fine now.
She's doing great, thanks! It was a tough recovery for a few days but then you could tell she felt SO much better. \ That's great to hear. You have one tough cat.
When I was a kid, I remember telling my mom to take me to McDonald's, just so I could get the toy in my Happy Meal. I didn't even care about the food. \ Ha, I used to do that too. But I was almost always disappointed by the toy once I actually got it.
Right? but when you collected them all there was no greater feeling. \ True! McDonald's was my first job when I was 14 and I remember being stoked I could now collect ALL the toys even if I didn't play with them!
Last year my sister opened up her own retail store. It is doing very well, and I love going to see it. \ That sounds wonderful! What type of store is it?
It has a lot of quirky things that most Big Box stores don't carry. It has everything from clothes for all ages, to jewelry and lots of other things. \ I love that! It must be so much fun to curate the types of things that go in to the store. Do you help out or work there?
I have another job so I can't do too much, but I love going in to see her.  \ I'm sure she *loves* having both your presence and your support!
I felt very isolated when we first moved to Hong Kong -- I had a young baby and my husband pretty much needed to start traveling for business right away! \ Wow, I can't imagine how you felt living in Hong Kong. That would take some serious adapting.
It did! But there was a very vibrant and concentrated expat community -- that helped immediately! \ I am so happy that you found that expat community. I have often thought about moving abroad, and I'm glad that you adapted well.
Do it! It gives such a wonderful perspective on the world. We've lived in Amsterdam and Zurich as well....and may very well move to Anchorage soon! \ I think I might. It sound exciting, and I thank you for the encouragement.
I really do not like doctors.  I hate going, I am freaked out by surgery, etc..   \ Oh really? What makes you not like them?
I don't know exactly, I just don't.  When they decided we needed to do a c-section with my first child, I think I about lost it.  They had to give me something to calm me down. \ Ugh I feel ya. They talked about that with mine, too. I almost passed out when they were doing the epidural!
I'm so nervous. I had a job interview the other day and haven't heard back yet. \ Did they tell you when you may hear back from them?
They said within the week, I know it's only been a few days but I'm excited about the opportunity! \ I pray they get in touch with you soon and that's is an affirmative on the job!  I know  how nerve-wracking waiting can be though - I hope you get it!
I recently got very sick, and I had to spend a lot of time in the hospital. I am very lucky that I have a great family that watched over me. \ That's unfortunate, but I'm happy that you have a good support network to help you out.
 Not a day goes by where I'm not thankful. I'm still recovering and they are still there for me. \ I hope you recover well and I'm sure you will with good support by your side.
My friend got a new puppy and I got to play with it for a while, it was a lot of fun. \ Puppies are the best! If they don't destroy all of your belongings that is!!
Yeah they can be a handful, it's a small dog so I think it'll be alright. \ Well, I'm glad that things seem under control. I'm also glad that you got to spend some time with the dog because it sounds like you had a great time.
My family loves to argue when we get together. It is annoying when we are in a restaurant and won't stop bickering. \ I bet that is embarrassing for you when you guys are out in public.  
You are right. Sometimes I want to be invisible. I wish we would all just get along. \ I understand, trust me.  My family was the same way growing up.
I was driving home from work last night and some guy on his phone started coming into my lane.  I honked and he turned and flipped me off!  The nerve on that guy! \ I hate rude drivers like that. I swear they should not be able to drive.
Part of me wanted to follow him and give him a piece of my mind, but thankfully cooler heads prevailed.   \ Yeah, that would not have ended well. I usually take a picture of their license plate and publicly shame them on social media haha.
I am so jealous of my friend Eric \ Why are you jealous of Eric?
He just started dating the most amazing woman i have ever seem. I want her. \ I'm sorry to hear that, I know what it's like to have your love stolen from you.
No.He did no steal her form me. I only met her after he started dating her. \ If that's the case then you have a chance to find a better woman!
My boyfriend always does thing thing that gets me so jealous. \ Maybe he has no respect for you.
It's not that! The thing he does is sometimes, he'll go get food without me and it's usually the last good thing to eat! \ Have you try talk to him about those issues.If he likes you he should work on the relationship.
I find it profoundly sad and disturbing how some people will rationalize someone else's unhinged behavior, simply to avoid admitting that maybe they made a horrible choice. \ I completely understand that. Did something like that happen recently? 
We're living with it. And it's dividing us as a society. I truly hope that the upcoming months will bring big change. Definitely working for that! \ Yes, I know how you feel. All we can do is encourage friends to join us in helping to make a difference. I believe there is hope!
Unfortunately, I accidentally sent an email to a coworker essentially complaining about her attitude. I really wanted to dig myself in a hole and never come out. \ Arghhhhhhhhh! I soooo feel for you and have been there. Have y'all had the chance to talk about it? (Or do you even want to?)
I've kind of avoided her a bit. I'm trying to come up with an apology that feels heartfelt. It's a horrible feeling! \ I hear you. Maybe humor might help? Like "okay, so *this* is awkward....can we talk about that email?" Heartfelt apologies go a long way, and even if she doesn't respond -- you'll feel better for trying.
Hey, yesterday I forgot I had a test and spent the entire day worrying about it while trying to study.  \ Oh no! How did you end up doingf?
I'm not too sure to be honest, I reviewed as much as I could, but I'm still worried about the results.  \ What subject was the test in?
It was over linear algebra, which I've been having some trouble in. \ I am terrible at math
We went to Mississippi a few weeks ago I was super prepared for the entire trip. \ Oh wow! That must've been really fun, I've never been there actually, what did you guys do?
We stayed at the Margaritaville resort in Biloxi. \ Cool cool, when do you think it would be best to visit Mississippi? 
I am feeling a bit left out since I moved to a new country. \ Oh, I'm sorry. Have you tried joining any meet up groups to make some friends?
Not yet, but that is a good idea. I just really need to meet some new people I think. \ I'm sure it will make you feel a little better. And at least that way you can pick a group based on similar interest. I hope you get to feeling better.
So yesterday I found out my roommate has been dating someone for 3 months. I can't believe he didn't tell me. \ Wow, that's a good amount of time. Is he usually so secretive?
He is usually a very private person. He hasn't dated anyone in the over 3 years i've lived here, and he's only ever had one friend over. \ Ah, maybe he just wanted to make sure it was going to work before he told anyone. 
I went to a restaurant and the waitress put things on our bill that I did not order.  \ Are you sure they didnt bring the wrong bill?
It had everything we ordered plus a couple things at the bottom we didn't order. \ I would have complained.
I got so annoyed the other day. Got cut off in traffic. \ It should be harder to get a license than it is.
I agree! Do people just not care about risking their own lives never mind anyone else? \ It's as if some people think they are the only one's on the road.
You know my parents still have not gotten over the loss of my sister. \ Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. May I ask how long ago it was that she passed? 
She passed two days after Christmas. She was very sick during the whole month of December. \ They probably still just need some time. My grandfather still isn't over the passing of my grandmother and that was over a year ago. I would just make sure to keep seeing and talking to your parents to make them feel as loved as you can.
I've been passively job hunting for a few months now, looking for a better job. I haven't had any luck yet and I'm starting to feel like I never will. \ Please don't ever give up. I would definitely work harder to find a job by networking with friends that have jobs in different places.
Well I don't have any friends that are in my field or even close to it. I'm trying the best I can and am trying to find other ways to make money too.  \ Go ahead and post your resume on as many job related forums that you can. I think it's great that you're trying to find other ways of making money too. You are a go-getter, and don't ever give up!!
the other day for the first time i watched the movie logan , the whole thing was very depressing this strong super hero now driving a old limo in mexico , and hes falling apart jeez \ I really liked Logan. It was a different kind of superhero movie. More about the struggle than anything.
please dont laugh, but i actually cried at the end i could not stop the water works  \ The scene with his daughter was pretty sad. I don't blame you at all.
In three more days I finally get to go on vacation. I can't wait. \ dude that is freakin awesome , im sure you earned it 
Yeah, we are hitting the beach. I've been waiting so long. \ i hope you have a lot of fun , i cant wait to go on my vacation as well 
Have you watched 2018 fifa world cup final? \ No I haven't, I'm not interested in soccer. Why, did I miss something good?
Yes! You should have watched that game. I felt very influenced by France. They played really good. \ Were you rooting for them to win?
Since most of my family is either dead or lives a few states away, I usually spend Thanksgiving alone. It sucks sometimes. \ Ohh, I feel sorry for you
Oh don't feel bad, I live a lovely life and have many friends. It's just that they usually go home to their own families that time of year. \ Ohh, that's bad. You can always skype your family!
I am feeling a bit shocked since I found out my boss is getting married. \ Did he not seem like the type to do that kind of thing?
No one even knew she was dating anyone until the announcement, so I was very surprised. \ I guess she wanted to keep it a secret for some reason.
I thought I won a lot of money in a lottery, but I was just reading the ticket wrong. \ Ouch, that is a bit of a false alarm/bummer.
Yeah it definitely ruined the rest of my day. \ Well you can only keep going and keep playing. Someday it could be the real winning ticket.
One of my much younger sister's is starting college in a couple weeks. I am so excited for her. \ That is awesome. Do you know what she wants to study?
She told me she wants to become a dentist, but she's a little fickle. I will see what she says she wants to do in a year.  \ As long as it is something she enjoys. I am sure you are very proud of her!
The other day I was watching alpine skiing on TV. I am amazed at their skills. \ Yeah I love watching them ski during the Olympics. It takes a lot of hard work.  Have you ever skied? 
I did when I was a lot younger. I bet they train very hard. They make it look easy! \ They sure do. I also really like watching them do trick skiing too. 
June and July are very busy, June I prep plans for July. July I have company all month. \ it has been really busy even for me at work , i feel your pain
So much for relaxing during the summer? \ I know right ? unfortunately for us those are the perks of growing up lol
a while back when my girl friend left me  i was a little bummed out about it for a while , everything was different for me \ That's not cool, I hope you find someone new.
yeah me too thank you for that , i feel a whole lot better now after time passed - time for the most all heals all  \ This is true.
I got the promotion letter when I least expected it \ Awesome! What type of promotion? Did you get a raise too?
I WS promoted to the sales manager  \ Congrats for what store or company? Did you get a raise too?
When I was a young girl, and mother of a two year old, my own mom passed away. This was a very sad time for me as I'm an only child and my father wasn't around either. \ Uhmmnnn,that could have been really emotional for you
Oh yea it was.  It still bothers me. Nobody should go through that by themselves.  \ I understand, I've been there too,hope your getting through?
I there, dont know what to do, jst broke up with my girlfirned, we were 8 years together \ sorry to hear! do you have any idea about the break up? did you think about it ?
Yes we decided together with our minds, and know i come home and feel so distant from the world \ sorry again! hope you'll get relief from this sadness. Please concentrate on your interests to divert your mind from this.
My marriage give me hopefulness about the life. exactly I want to say is may not it's marriage actually it's my wife given me the hope about the life.  \ Wao, that sound like a great strong realtionship you have with her, so glad to hear that!
Yeah, thank you! at which situation did you feel hope for your life? \ When my first daugther was born! i saw in new life, i thought everything in the world can change, we need to be pure as kids.
Wow! you're right. We should learn from kids.  \ When i see them, i believe thiw world in which we live fill with envy and hate can be rewed
I went to the Disney land last summer \ Ooh that sounds fun, I've never been! Did you go on many rides?
Yes indeed! It was a thrilling experience! \ That sounds great, I'm a bit jealous. I love theme parks!
I spent the entire other weekend cleaning my apartment. It sucked at the time but it was so nice when I was done to just chill out and watch TV. \ Yes, I feel you. Cleaning sucks, but after all that hard work, the results are amazing!
Right? It's so rewarding when you're finished and everything smells good. I love that feeling. \ Me too! You seem just like me!
I had to have a scheduled c-section with my 2nd child.  But it didn't exactly go as planned. \ Oh no! I hope it at least turned out ok
It did, she will be 16 in a month.  But about a week before it was scheduled, I went in for a checkup and my blood pressure was up a bit.  They didn't want to wait and decided to do it right then! \ Oh I bet that was a load of anxiety! I can't imagine going through that
I am in the running for a new job I want to get! \ How exciting!  Do you know when they will make a final decision?
In a week! It's a lot of pressure. I sure hope I get it, it will make my life much easier \ How will it make it easier?  More financial stability?  I hope you get it also!!
My husband and I closed on our first house last week! \ That sounds very exciting! What kind of planning did you put into such an achievement?
It is! Lots of blood, sweat and tears - and lots of phone calls and signing things, haha. We can't wait to move in! \ That's so cool! I wish you the very best and hope that the blood sweat and tears turns into happiness, joy and fun times!
On the road that's the only access to our neighborhood there was a dead animal that the city was notified of. \ Oh gross, what kind of animal was it?
A small doe. The worst part about this was that they decided they had better things to do and didn't get around to cleaning it up for nearly 4 weeks it seemed! \ Oh wow, you think they would get to cleaning up an animal that big as soon as possible. Glad it's gone now though!
Life was so good during my childhood. I lived carefree and oblivious to challenges. \ I hear you there.  I miss getting to just play without a care in the world.  Summer vacations were the best
Yeah I would go off with my friends and have adventures. I miss that so much. \ I remember playing tag and hide and go seek in the neighborhood with all of my friends
Its amazing how you can change emotions so fast sometimes. \ For sure. I can go from 0 to 100 in no time at all.
Im in the process of moving, so I was packing things into boxes and I found my old high school year books.  It was crazy to look back on all those times \ Hah, I bet some things you probably wanted to forget. I know I did.
I feel a little bummed out since starting my new job recently. \ how come? i thought new jobs were supposed to be exciting?
The job is, but I am feeling a bit isolated since I don't know anyone there yet. \ we are all the new kid for a moment. soon it will feel like you fit right in. just give yourself some time.
i was exposed to lice at work \ That's horrible. What is your work doing to fix that?
nothing, i had my hair up so hopefully i don't get any \ Ouch, I hope you don't either. I'd keep any eye out at work from now on.
Do you even know how crazy it is to skydive? I must have been absolutely nuts when I did it. \ Oh I don't think I could do that. I have a fear of falling from high places. 
It gave me the biggest rush that's for sure. But on the way down I was saying my prayers. \ I think I would pass out from fear lol.
You should do it sometime. It's fun to take chances. \ I think the chances I take should be directly proportionate to the consequences of the actions.
my daughter moved to California and a few months later she got in a car accident and was on the other side of the country so there was nothing I could immediately do. \ Are there any other family members out there that could help her?
No. She asked her friend to call me after it happened but wasn't able to tell me many details. \ Wow, I hope that she was able to work things out. Not the best way to start living somewhere far from home, but I'm sure she figured something out.
Recently I was contacted by my former company, begging to get me back. I felt really good about the salary negotiation since I knew they needed me. \ That's great! I am happy for you!
Thanks, I'm happy about it. I only have to work a few hours a week, it's pretty amazing. \ Yeah, and they are paying you good enough. You are a luckiest person!
I was very mad when France won the world cup! Have you seen the game? \ I didn't, sorry. I'm not really a soccer fan. Why were you mad?
Croatia should have won! I always support them! \ As I understand it, Croatia were the underdogs so I can totally understand supporting that.
i found an old pyrex at the store that was just like the one my mom used to have. \ Do you mean pyrex like the cooking material?
the cooking bowls yes \ That's neat, did you feel nostalgic looking at it?
I heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house. \ oh my goodness. i would've freaked out. are you ok?
Yes I am fine it was just someone shooting fireworks for some reason. \ oh no. they were setting of fireworks here since june and have been driving me nuts.
there was this little boy that kept picking on my little niece one day my niece fought back, she got her tooth knocked out but im glad she finally defended her self \ aw poor thing. did she get in trouble with the school?
nah she did not , none of them did since they are in first grade , but now the boy leaves her alone \ well at least something positive came from it.  i bet no one else will mess with her either!
i was shocked to learn that i had been called to serve on a jury ! \ i honestly have never gone to jury duty , but im sure it was still a pain to put it on your schedule 
yes i am not looking forward to it.  ive heard that its just awful. \ same thing i heard too , really long and boring being there against your will 
I have recently become vegan and I am very impressed with the food \ That is interesting. Do you miss meat or dairy at all?
I had to start eating this way because of health reasons and I have found some amazing recipes on Pinterest.   It makes me not miss meat or dairy at all \ That is good to hear. I wish you the best of luck with your new diet.
I have been hearing some really strange noises coming from my basement. I am fearful it is a monster. \ Wow thats kind of creepy.  what does the noise sound like?
It is like scraping and creaking. I am too scared to go down there. Maybe I should get a weapon. \ Maybe you should have someone go down with you.  Good luck!!
Being a bit teary-eyed tonight realizing how grown my children are. \ I understand that all too well
In no time at all, they will be out of our house completely.  I guess I'll have to get a dog, I'll be one of those ladies that has a dog stroller and takes the dog to grocery shop! \ My oldest only has 3 years to go and I already have dogs! I guess I'll need more
This mother's day was amazing! I got so much more than expected and it was all so heartfelt \ That is great!!  Sometimes we mom's get a bit forgotten, so to have an entire day where we are just loved is such a great feeling.
Yes, definitely! I actually cried a few times because of how much thought went into each gift and what was written in the cards  \ Those words are the things we cherish more than any other thing, I love it when my girls do that!
So one time I was running late for a flight, and to make things worse I was stuck in a long line to check my suitcase. It was finally my turn when this woman cut right in front of me. \ Yikes! I hate when that happens. I had a similar situation happen over Christmas. Did you make your flight?
I did thankfully! The worst part of that situation was I politely told the woman I had been waiting, and she totally snapped at me! Traveling brings out the worst in people sometimes. \ I totally know that feeling. It seems that everyone thinks that their situation is more important that everyone else's. 
My dog died this past December and I've had a really hard time getting over it. She was our family pet. \ I am so sorry to hear that. I have been devastated by the loss of pets in the past, so I can understand what you're going through. I'm sure she was very loved and had a great life with you and your family.
She really was a wonderful pet. We just got a puppy recently, which is the same breed as the one who passed away. She's bringing some light back into our lives.  \ Aww that's great! What breed? 
So today I was out to lunch and the waitress was being super nice to me and calling me sweetie and I thought she was being nice to me just to get a tip, but guess what happened \ Haha what happened? Did you get her number?
Yea, she asked for me number.  And she just texted me.  She was gorgeous.  I couldn't believe it. \ That's awesome! Did you still give her a nice tip though? Lol!
The worst day of my life was when I was 8 months pregnant with our first child and I started bleeding like crazy. \ Oh no! that sounds so scary. was everything ok?
Yes, thankfully everything turned out fine. I had to spend 3 weeks in the hospital though! \ Good I'm glad to hear that.  That's a long time.  Hospitals scare me, I can't imagine being there for that long
my doggie recently passed away \ I'm so sorry to hear that! Hopefully he or she wasn't in too much pain at the end.
no i don't think so, but it was violent.  she was run over by a car.   \ Oh my gosh that's horrible. I hope they caught the person who hit her!
The other day I woke up and without looking I stepped in warm cat vomit. \ oh man, that's gross! at least it was vomit and not something else.
Yeah it was pretty gross but one of my cats is pretty pukey, I should have known better and watched where I was walking. \ how many cats do have?
I'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long \ I wonder why? Maybe his busy?
I'm not sure. He might be trying to invite someone else as well. He does that from time to time \ I see. Do you feel okay when he invites others or is it a bit uncomfortable?
I have a medical check up coming soon and I am praying everything will be okay with it. \ Oh, I hope so too! Those can be quite scary especially if you're like me and you go once every 10 years or so
Yes, exactly. I am the same. I only go when I have to it seems (for work mainly). Fingers crossed. \ I'm sure you'll be fine! I have hope
my husband started doing online work. it caught me off guard \ ohh, but why did it surprise you?
i didn't expect him to start doing that. he knew i did it but never mentioned any interest in it. \ That's good for you though, now you both get paid
I often get irritated because of my sister. \ my sister's can be irritating as well. no one knows how to push your buttons like family.
Yeah true that! yesterday she pranked me again. I was really mad at her \ oh no. hopefully it was an innocent prank.
My best friends wife finally had there baby last week, i am so happy for my friend he finally got a boy \ Oh wow how exciting.  Have you been able to see the baby?
yes i saw him finally yesterday , he is so tiny he was born a bit early they are both super happy in the clouds \ I bet they are.  I hope he is heathy and happy!
I have to get these shots in my head for migraines. \ I have to trust my doc completely that he has steady hands and will inject the nerve correctly.
We are wanting to get a new vehicle this next year. We are trying to pay off bills to make it happen. \ I know how it is to try to pay off bills. What kind of vehicle do you want to get?
We are hoping to get a Chevy Traverse and they are not cheap. We really need a bigger vehicle for our big family. \ Oh yeah those are very nice. Well I hope you guys can make it happen.
I am so stoked because I get to visit my family next week. I have not seen them in a long time. \ That is really exciting! I bet you all will have a great time. Do you have any big plans with them?
Yeah we are going to the beach and on a short cruise. It's going to be awesome! \ That sounds great! We are going on a cruise next Spring Break with my family also. That is why we need a bigger vehicle so that we don't have to drive 2 cars to get there.
My dog died last year.  \ Aw, I am so sorry. How long did you have your dog for?
About 5 years. He was a rescue. \ They say dogs are mans best friend. 
That's true. He was definitely mine. \ What kind of dog was he?
He was a pit and lab mix. \ Nice, I have an australian shepherd. He follows me around everywhere. 
When my mom had breast cancer a few years ago. I wanted to do everything I could to be there for her. \ That's terrible to hear. Were you eventually able to be there?
I was and she was had a full recovery.  \ That's great news. I don't know what I would do if my mom passed.
Me neither, my mom means so much to me.  \ Me too. I'm glad everytihng worked out in the end for you.
Do you get to see your mom often? \ Not very often. She lives about 7 hours away driving time.
My kid trashed my entire bathroom this morning, was definitely not a good morning. \ That sucks. Is your day going better now at least?
Somewhat. I have a little bit of a headache now, but we just had some good pizza so I'm happy. \ Pizza makes everything better. Hope your night ends on a good note!
The worst phone call I ever got in my life was when I was told my dad only had a few weeks left to live. \ Oh no. That's terrible. I lost my dad five years ago, I know how terrible that feels.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm going on just over two years. Never thought it would happen to us. \ Neither did we. He seemed so healthy, and then within weeks he was so sick he couldn't even talk. I miss him every day,
The other day I checked my email and a former client I did some freelance work had emailed me a gift card out of the blue! I was happy. \ surprise gifts are always fun.
Very! I decided since it was surprise money I would waste it on something fun. \ that sounds like a well deserved plan.
my car was acting up and i was able to get a good deal at the car dealer to replace it  \ Nice! Going to the car dealership is usually such a horrible experience.
exactly. i was really lucky and got great service and was able to walk out in a newer car. \ That's awesome, hope you're enjoying your new ride!
The mummies at my local art museum are amazing! One that I saw was from the Roman Era. \ Wow that really old but not too old for mummies considering.
Right. I had no idea their usage stretched such a long time period. \ Haha yea seems like it would be really cool to see in person.
One time I ate the rest of my friends leftover food after going out and thought he didn't want it. \ What did your friend say?
He was quite mad and upset, I felt horrible afterwards but he forgave me. \ Did you buy him more food?
Yes I wanted to help both of us since i felt bad and so did he. \ That's good. It sounds like a happy ending.
Man, I was sitting alone at 3am last night with the lights off. Felt spooky \ I can imagine.  I hate being out alone at those kinds of hours.  I try to avoid it.
Yeah, it wouldn't be so bad if I was with someone, but you know how it is. When the lights are out and no one is around, you feel lonely \ I get that feeling.  Something about the dark just feels so depressing sometimes.
I remember the first I went to a theme park.  I had been planning on the way there not to go on any roller coasters, but just being there changed my mind quickly. \ Oh man, I can relate, that feeling of anxiety before you get there really turns around when you get caught up in the moment
Exactly.  I just saw how much fun it looked and I thought to myself I should just live a little.  It's not often you get to have experiences like that. \ Life is full of experiences like that, they seem scary from the outside, but once you relax you get swept away
I was happy when I graduated high school. I felt like I completed something \ Me too! It seems like such a huge accomplishment at the time, doesn't it?
It really was \ Do you have fond memories of school or were you glad to be done?
My son just graduated this spring and will be starting college in a couple of weeks. \ I am sure you are proud of him
I am, and excited for him... it's bringing back a lot of memories of how I felt when I was his age. \ Memories are a good thing
It was around 2003, and I invited my family to the Degree Ceremony. I felt succesful because it was not easy for me to be there. \ Congratulations! What was your degree in?
my degree was in Medicine \ that's so great! lots of hard work i bet.
i lost $100 cash somewhere. I have looked everywhere and i can't find it \ that sounds prettty bad!
yes, i have retraced my steps and i can't find it.  hopefully i will find it when i need it the most. \ I cannot imagine if something like that happens to me. I would be trying very hard to find it.
i have looked everywhere. it's so frustrating. \ Sometimes by remembering all the places that you have been in the past two days can help. I will try that!
I really hate when people let their kids run wild in public. I do believe kids should be kids but there is a time and place for it. \ I agree completely it is an embarrassment to the parents you would think. 
The worst is when they're screaming at them rather than just speaking to them calmly.  \ The frustration they go through well at least we don't have to take the kids or parents home.
I wanted to go and get the tissue that was on sale was so bummed it was sold out. \ What store were you at? 
I was going to Walgreen's and they was out and the sale began today.  \ Could you get a rain check? That is a bummer? 
I found out that I will need to travel abroad at my work, and it really took me off guard. \ Wow, that would be shocking if you weren't expecting it.  Did they tell you when you were hired that there was a possibility?  Where might you be going?
No, they didn't tell me, but I did suspect it might be in the cards. I'll be going to South Korea for a while. \ That will be very different.  How do you feel about it?  I wish you lots of luck and adventure while you're there!  
My daughter, who is only 8, just landed her first triple back flip in gymnastics this week. I've never been able to do anything like that. It was amazing to watch. \ Wow that is amazing indeed. You must be very proud of her.
I am!  I was never the gymnast type but she has been bouncing off the walls and climbing and jumping since she was little.  I didn't know they could even do things like that so young.   \ The human body truly is amazing. I could never do things like that either. Either way, I am happy for her!
I was in a bad spot when my dad died. I just felt lost \ Im so sorry,  was it a sickness?
It was a random brain thing that got him instantly \ That is so terrible, life is so short.  you never knwo when you're going to go
I cant believe my mother would go through my things! \ Why did she do that
No idea, I guess she doesn't trust me, but Ive done nothing to make her think so \ Well that sounds terrible, I am sorry
it was my birthday and felt like no one really cared  \ Aw man, I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do to make you feel better? 
thanks! my coworker went out on lunch break and bought my favorite ice cream cake! \ Ice cream cake is my favorite! I'm glad you're feeling better haha. You have a really nice co-worker.
yes she is honestly the greatest  \ That's really awesome! She sounds like a great person to work with.
Yesterday, I wanted to cook something new for the first time, so I looked up this steak recipe and it went really well! \ congrats!  i love love love steak and to cook
yeah! i'm just getting into it right now, could you recommend me some stuff to cook?  \ i love to make shredded bbq chicken sandwich, get chicken breast seasone place in crack pot 
My friend works 2 jobs to support her 3 kids \ thats a strong woman , i know of people that dont work at all a refuse to pay child support , in my eyes they are not men
Oh yes. That's my dad. I really admire her. \ people like that , is what kids need a strong back bone that never give up
it finally rained today , and i know whats coming next mosquitos they litterally will eat you alive in texas \ Oh god. Mosquitos. Have you heard about scientists trying to make them extinct?
i did not hear about that , but that sounds really interesting hopefully its for the better \ I don't see any negative aspect to it, but maybe there tis.
I am always worrying about my kids and would hate to see something bad happen to them. \ I am the same way. How old are they? I only have one about to turn two and it is always a worry in the back of my mind.
Mine are 14, 17, 19, and 21. It doesn't get any easier as they get older. Once they drive you really worry about them being on the road. \ Oh gosh I bet! It's so hard to watch them grow up!
I completely ate the last cupcake even though I know my husband will want one when he gets home. Should I go get some more? \ Oh, I know how that goes. My husband loves sweets, but if it is just sitting there and no one is eating it It will get eaten right then. Getting another would depend on how much he likes sweets and needs them. lol
Right! It's almost like, you knew this was going to happen. I feel terrible but it was so good lol. I'll get him some more tomorrow! \ That's probably what I would do also. It won't kill him to wait another day.
Hey, I'm not doing to good, I had to put down my 13 year old dog \ That is so depressing. They say dogs are man's best friend. 
He was definitely mine, it's going to take a bit to get over him \ I am sure, grieving can always take time. It is so hard to lose such a faithful companion.
I saw a dodge viper in the parking lot yesterday. Probably one of the coolest American made cars! \ Those cars are pretty slick, what color was it?
It was blue with white racing stripes.  \ Wow, one day I hope to have enough money for a car like that, that's awesome
When a storm came through my town a few springs ago, I felt prepared. I knew when to leave and where to go. \ That must have been very frightening. Did you have somewhere safe that you went to>
I just drove to the town over with my animals, that town did not get a drop of rain. \ What are the chances of that?! How strange, but lucky for you.
THat's too bad. What do you think went wrong? \ I am not sure, it was pretty random
Did they give you any feedback? \ No, nothing at all
That is a shame, you need to learn from your mistakes. \ I know
I didn't have enough money for all of my grocery. When I was going to put some stuff back, the lady behind me offered to pay. \ that is awesome. i hate that feeling when you need things but can't afford to get them.
Yea, absolutely. As long as you have the basic necessities, everything else is gravy. \ my husband are a 1 income household so i totally understand. you get what you can with what you've got so you can get by until the next payday
i feel bad for never having money to participate in work functions \ I know that feeling. What do you tell your coworkers?
oh i've brought lunch or i have lunch plans that day. \ I think you risk not building social ties with your coworkers but sometimes you have no choice.
I was at the store the other day and the lady ahead of me had no idea how to use self checkout, I wish she would have used the regular line instead of holding everyone up. \ Oh I hate when that happens. we go to self checkout to avoid things like slow lines.
Exactly! I wasn't in a hurry or anything but it felt so inconsiderate. \ Hopefully the person learned what they had to do so they don't hold the line up in the future.
When I was in high school there was a girl I had liked for a long time that ended up dating my best friend. \ Oh man, that must have hurt. Did she know you had feelings for her?
Yes. But at the time she was unavailable. Then when she wasn't spoken for my "friend" asked her out. \ Sounds like your friend broke bro code, that was kind of scummy.
I had mentioned to my friend one day that my computer was pretty much on its way out.  Some time later I found that he had sent me the money to buy a new one. \ Wow! What a nice friend. I wish my friends did that
Yea I was really thankful and appreciative for it.  He's like a brother to me. \ That's great. It's nice to have people so close to you. It really helps in bad times
My friend decided to lie about cheating with another girl when he was confronted with clear evidence \ Wow that must have been awkward.  You can't really argue with the evidence sitting right in front of you.
No, you can't. It's especially awkward when you all know each other well. It makes me sad, honestly \ Yea it's always sad when a relationship doesn't work out.  Hopefully in the future he can be more honest.
I think after I pay off the mortgage, I'll be pretty happy in life. \ That would be awesome!  You would be in such a great situation in life with that payment gone!  What prompted you to want to do it?  
You mean get the mortgage? \ No, to pay it off.  Are you pushing to finish it up sooner than you normally would?
I promised my sister that I would go sky diving with her when she was old enough to, but I didn't think she's remember. I'm horribly afraid of heights. \ How long ago was it?
I promised her about 8 years ago.  I was much younger also but now I have two kids and don't really want to do it.  Thinking about dying or even just jumping off a ladder, much less a plane, seems awful! \ Maybe you can talk to her about it?
Hey how's it going, finished college last May, Woot woot \ That is such a great milestone what is next for your ventures? 
Right now, I'm sending in a bunch of resumes for jobs, no bites yet but i'm going to keep trucking \ You will get something soon that hard work is going to pay off.
I cried so hard seeing my baby girl walk across the stage at her VPK graduation. \ That must of been a proud moment for you as a father.  She's all grown up and out in the real world now
Yes this is a new milestone and now she get's to see what real school is all about with all age groups. \ That's awesome, she'll have a great time and learn a lot i'm sure!
When my brother fell ill we had no idea he would go so quick. \ Oh wow, I'm sorry. I hope he at least didn't suffer much.
I dont think so, It was a matter of days. \ I'm sorry for you loss.
My dog chewed up one of my flip flops the other day. Now I have to throw them out. \ UGH my dog has destroyed all of my favorite shoes.
This is the first one she tore up. My roommate was watching her while I was out of town. I'm sorry about your shoes. \ I dont really like dogs for that reason.  They are fun to pet but taking care of them is a chore.
I didnt study well before my exam and it was in two hours. \ Good luck! For now, just do the best you can. Stress might cloud your thinking.
Its so hard to stay calm.  Im just hopping for a miracle. \ Is it multiple choice?
I was helping my mom repain the house, and it reminded me of when I used to ask her if I can help her paint when I was little. \ Did she paint art when you were a child?
No. Neither of us are artistic. It's normal painting of rooms. \ I see,  Did you have different colors in your room as a kid?
Met with my friend who I haven't seen in 4 years. Feels like we never left each other \ Isn't it amazing how true friendship stands the test of time and distance?
Yea, it is. Good friends are really hard to find. \ That's so true! I live 700 miles away from my best friend and when we get together it's just like old times.
I entered a raffle at a local fair and actually won $1000. \ Wow! What are you gonna do with the winnings?
Oh they are long gone,lol. Bills to pay and all. \ Bills do take up a lot, don't they.
Once I fell asleep and peed my pants in class \ wow thats hilarious and embarassing.  I feel bad for you.
I woke up with the whole class laughing and pointing \ Thats mean of them.  I hope you weren't traumatized.
Today was one of those days where I almost lost it on someone. \ Im glad you didn't.  Do you have these days often?
I got a new car just a couple of weeks ago and today I was sitting at a red light and some guy came really close to hitting me.  Like he stopped only a few inches away. \ Honestly I would have freaked out.  I cant stand bad drivers!!
Once I was sitting next to a kid and he threw up all over me \ That sounds like a pretty disgusting situation.
everyone was either laughing at me or disgusted. \ That's a rough situation. I hope you can look back on it later and laugh as well.
So I have a big meeting at work tomorrow, which always make me nervous no matter what. \ You will be great im sure of it! are you prepared? 
Thank you! Yes, I think so. I will just have to overcome nerves and do my best I think. \ Just imagine that you are the boss,  or have a few drinks before.
I am so exited about Sunday. \ What is happening on Sunday?
The world cup finals, the most important event in the planet. \ Who are you pulling for? 
I want Croatia to win because they are the underdogs. \ It's always good to see an underdog win!
I can't wait for next february \ What is happening in February?
I'm going to Disney World with my family for the first time! \ Good for you.You are going to have the time of your life.
I was completely ready for this upcoming game.  I will win. \ Nice! What game is it?
Basketball.  My team is going to dominate  \ What team are you rooting for?
I just got a new job and have been making enough to pay bills. Feels nice not to go add more debt \ The feeling of financial freedom is one that is hard to match.
It definitely is. I'm working hard to get it and hopefully won't have to worry about it again some time in my life. \ I personally struggle with that every day.
I get to take a cruise in a few weeks! \ YAY! where are you going??
I get to go to Italy, Croatia, and other places. It's going to be a blast! \ I CANT BELIEVE THAT.  I need a vacation so badly.
I was elated to see my army brother standing at the front door. \ Oh wow! Surprise come home trip? 
Yes! I was so happy.  I gave him the biggest hug of his life. \ Aw, I'm happy for you. That's an excellent surprise!
One time I moved into a new apartment, it was this big loft in a converted warehouse. I had this automatic soap dispenser that went nuts on me and made this really scary sound, I thought the place was haunted! \ Oh my gosh! thats funny.  was that the only thing that made you think it was haunted?
Haha yeah it was pretty funny once I realized what the spooky sound coming from the kitchen was. \ How did you discover exactly what it was?
My grandmother is the sole reason I am where I am today. \ Aww, my grandmother was really there for me, too, I'm lucky. What makes you feel that way?
She took care of me my whole life,  put me on the correct path \ That is awesome, grandmas are the best. Hopefully your grandma is still with us?
I'm going to try out for our local kickball team. I'm looking forward to get some exercise and make new friends \ Yes sports can be a great way to socialize and also stay in good shape.
If I don't get on the team, I'll just try for another. \ Thats the spirit! I bet you do great.  what sports do you play?
My 21st birthday was in three day,  I could hardly sit still. \ Happy Early Birthday! What are your plans?
DRINK DRINK DRINK,  hopefully not too much.  I like to be in control. \ Oh man, I've seen many a newly 21 year old get drunk.
I heard a loud bang outside my house recently and thought someone was trying to break in. \ What happened?
It was just someone shooting fireworks for some reason. \ That's a relief. Fireworks aren't illegal where you are?
I'm finally done drawing this character for a contest. I think I'm happy with it now. \ That's cool, I'm pretty bad at drawing, but you must be pretty good.
Yea, I'm self-taught. Got into it because I like reading comics and like the art. \ That's awesome, I hope you win the contest.
My wife surprised me on my birthday with an amazing homemade dinner. \ That sounds like you have a great wife.  What did she make you?
She made me ribs and a cheesecake for dessert.  \ Yummy, You are making me hungry.  Happy belated birthday!
Thank you! What is your favorite meal? \ I always love pizza!
Today was totally unexpected, but interesting too \ What was totally unexpected?
I went to the mall to go shopping and I ran into my ex girlfriend.  It was weird seeing her and thinking about the old times and seeing how much we've changed \ That would be very interesting. Are you glad that you have moved on?
Sometimes yes, sometimes no. But I think we are both in a better place now. \ That is good, you can't live in the past
the other day i saw a preview of my favorite game remake , resident evil two i was super hyped just remembering the old game \ Oh yeah? I was a little too young to be playing that game when it came out. My stepdad had the first one though.
the first one was really good too, i liked mostly all of them to be honest \ I only played the fourth one. All I remember was "Leon!!!"
My long term boyfriend and I broke up recently. I'm so lost right now. \ when that happened to me i watched a lot of movies , for some reason the sad movies made me cry, but just be strong and patient one day you realize you can do better or find someone new
I know, it's just so frustrating after spending so long building your lives together.  \ it happens to the best of us, and i totally understand where your coming from , spend some time with your friends or loved ones 
I have a fear for roller coaster but I let my siblings talk me into getting on one last night. \ Roller coasters are scary for me. How was it for you?
Fun but scary I couldn't wait for it to end lol had my eyes closed most of the ride.  \ I'm the same way haha. But how was it fun if you have your eyes closed the whole time?!
There is a local cafe near me, and they're always offering free coffee to people even if they don't buy anything. \ That is so nice I would get a cup daily if it was close to me.
I always get a cup and sandwich. They are truly something. \ How are they making money off what they are known for though if they give it away for free?
I left my phone at my friend's place. It's unlocked, and I hope she doesn't go through it. \ Oh no! Hopefully it's a friend you trust and she won't embarrass you if she ends up going through it and finding something bad.
I hope so, too. I've called her and haven't gotten a response yet. \ I guess now you'll be more careful about where you leave your phone. I would be freaking out if I were you!
I had to put my cat down a few years ago, she was old and in kidney failure. \ I am so sorry to hear that. I'm sure she was very happy while she was alive with you guys.
She had a good life. She was actually my mom's cat, she came to live with me when my mom died. \ You went through a lot of losses.
I was trying to explain to a friend why something is happening and they just couldn't get it. I don't get why they couldn't understand me.  \ ohh, what did you try to explain them?
I was trying to explain to them why the Great Recession was caused by the recycling of petrodollars and an unrestrained financial market.  \ Ohh, sometimes people don't understand simple things. I think the words like 'petrodollars' might have confused them.
My grandma is very kind. She always makes me delicious cakes \ That's really sweet of her. What kinds of cakes does she make?
She has her own recipes. Yesterday I went at her place and this time I made a cake for her. When I saw her happy face, I felt that I was very kind. \ Ok now this is just getting weird. Can we talk about something else. 
